this is a way of programatically installing apks the code snippet you are looking for is :
if you install a completely original rom for the device , it will be unrooted . flashing the correct stock rom for your device will revert it back to its original factory state . remember to wipe both the cache and data when you flash . in the post you linked it also says : notice : these are not rooted , and contain radio/hboot rom updates
if the bootloader comes locked , it can be easily unlocked . google does not let the flagship devices be sold any other way , since they are designed for development . endgadget says it is sim locked . this review says it is unlocked , but i bet they did not buy it with a contract . the specs for best buy 's " t-mobile version " state that it works for edge ( 2.5g ) on the 850 and 1900 mhz frequency bands , in addition to others , which are what at and t uses . so edge should be usable on any gsm network in the world ( i can not find the specs to see if the at and t version is likewise compatible ) . 3g/hspa will not work on at and t and some others , though , since it is limited to the 900/1700/2100 bands used by t-mobile . google confirms this info .
i use ssh in a terminal . so the private key is protected simply by the unix filesystem and android 's user-per-app design : only better terminal emulator pro can read id_rsa , and only ssh and other programs i am aware of run under it . whatever your app is , it need only do this to enjoy the same security from other apps . full-sdcard encryption , unless it comes packaged with a filesystem having a comparable system of permissions , will not protect your data from other apps .
yes . when playing a song you open/slide the tab ( sliding drawer ) at the bottom center , which displays the album cover and play/previous/next buttons . if you click the info ( i ) button for displaying artist/album information there is an option for shuffling . this option is also available on the options menu , after pressing the [ menu ] button , while this sliding drawer is open .
you are correct . the built-in browser is only updated when a full new rom is installed . if there is an exploit , the only thing to do is wait for a new version of the os to be released . alternatively , you can use a third-party browser such as opera or google chrome . those are installed as apps and can receive updates independently . as far as i know , there is no documented version history for the native browser . the best you could do is look at the git revision history for the browser .
in the google talk app when i go into Overflow menu | settings | {username}@gmail.com i see a setting for " notification ringtone " under " chat notifications " . that is what you want , no ? ( i am still on ice cream sandwich so it is conceivable that things are a little different . )
i have seen this on occasion on mine . it seems to be a software issue , triggered by certain usage patterns . this post on xda-developers has some info on how you may be able to trigger it . that community seems to be hoping that the 4.1 jelly bean update will include a cure .
as devnul3 has said , using google for the contacts and calendar ( i was using google as an exchange account , so i did not have to do anything special ) . just set your android up with the same google account . moving smss can be done with sms migrator , which can be found in the android market . there is also the spb migration tool , which looks like it can do everything but notes .
from the android stock email app , you can permanently delete emails if you access the trash folder and delete them from there : select and email to delete and touch the delete icon ; access the Trash folder ; repeat step 1 inside the trash folder for the same email . with this steps , the email gets permanently deleted from your account . i have tested this steps just now to be sure . anyways , i did not find any setting within the app or account preferences , in order to do this more seamless !
if you ever give your phone to a repair person or a rep at a carrier store you should assume your data can and will be looked at . unfortunately , i saw this all the time while working for verizon . we had reps that could not wait to get their hands on a phone and start looking through pictures and other private files of customers . i have actually seen reps save customers pictures to their own device ! it is one of the many , many reasons i quit . bottom line : anything on your phone can potentially be accessed and seen .
yesterday , google released chromecast app v1.7 , for selected devices running android 4.4.1 and above . this enabled devices to use screencast feature onto their chromecast .
must be by design . flashing the led infinitely would drain the battery ( even if only slightly ) . i do not see anything in settings regarding lengthening the amount of time the led will flash ; you can only specify what things cause led notification . after some searching it looks like the " missed reminder " app allows for a lot of notification customization - led interval , color , etc . not sure how to link an app so just search for it in the market . sounds promising . hope it helps .
you have got quite a few apps that can do it : wifi file explorer wifi file transfer 3rd : wifidroid , it does not let me post more than two links because of my reputation , but you can search in google . 4th : airdroid , it allows you to transfer anything , and even control your phone with it . i have used the first too , both free and pro versions , i like the 2nd more , the 3rd i never used .
you should be able to do this through an app called tasker . check out useful or cool tasker recipes , you may be able to modify one of those scripts to do what you want .
these instructions are pretty hard to follow but should work : root insntructions
if it is a miui theme it will be compatible , but i highly recommend you to use the themes app that comes built-in your miui rom .
there is an option in security settings : power button instantly locks screen : https://www.dropbox.com/s/z80ckhnd5nmyrmj/screenshot_2012-05-21-21-04-15.png
solved : while the rageagainstthecage exploit is not working with the infuse , you can root it with the psneuter exploit . easiest way to do it is with the superoneclick application .
you can indeed , just hold down the shift key and move the cursor with the dpad/trackbal/etc . from the comments : the center key in the d-pad activates the two text-selection hands , which can be moved anywhere using the d-pad directional keys . then , pressing the d-pad center key again , copies the selection to the clipboard .
you can install the android sdk and use ddms to monitor the logcat . the thing with a logcat , it is cleared when the device reboots , but you may be able to get an idea of what is crashing if you are monitoring it before it reboots . you can probably also find unofficial cm9 nightlies for the galaxy s2 , but i am not sure what issues still exist for that device .
if your phone is rooted , you can install market enabler from android market and choose another location . sometimes you may need to change the language settings on your device .
android updates are given three basic classifications : major , minor , security . ( i am looking for a source for this , but i have been unable to find it thus far . ) security upgrades , at least , are supposed to be part of the core code and have the least disruption to customizations the carrier and/or manufacturer have made . however , it is still up to the carrier and/or manufacturer to take the update and incorporate it into their particular flavor of the os . some are better at it than others .
you mentioned that you are not a us citizen , but do you live in the us and have a us phone number ? if not , google voice is not yet available outside us , and you just have to wait for them to expand the service .
all computers have a special piece of hardware called the clock ( more fully , the real-time clock or rtc ) . the clock is connected to the cpu , but it runs even when the computer is completely powered down . on a desktop computer , a battery on the motherboard keeps the clock running even when it is unplugged from the mains . mobile devices tend to have a large capacitor ( which is a bit like a rechargeable battery ) , so even if you pull the main battery out , the clock can continue to keep time for some hours . at regular intervals , the clock sends a signal to the cpu called an interrupt . it tells the cpu to interrupt whatever it is doing to process this signal . this is the same mechanism used by other parts of the computer ( such as the touch screen ) to send input to the cpu . the rate of the signals can be controlled by the kernel : it might be as slow as once per second , or as fast as a thousand times per second . this sounds like a lot of signals , but do not forget that today 's computers take a fraction of a nanosecond to do a single operation , so even a 1 khz clock only interrupts every few million operations . do not confuse the real-time clock with the cpu clock and the cpu 's clock rate , which are typically a few ghz . the cpu clock is not a timekeeping device : it sets the number of operations per second the cpu can perform , and is a big factor in how much power the cpu draws . on most cpus , the kernel can decrease the cpu clock rate , turn off some cpu cores , and maybe even power down some caches , all to reduce power consumption . this is what happens when your android device goes to sleep , but the exact changes are different from one phone to another . the cpu is still running , just more slowly , and drawing less power . as izzy points out , if the phone uses arm 's big . little system , it might even be a completely different cpu core that runs in sleep mode : a slower one tuned for low power consumption . consider , then , that the rtc is still running in sleep mode , and the cpu is still receiving and processing clock interrupts . this is still necessary for the cpu to keep track of different processes and allocate time between them fairly . one of the processes is the system 's alarm manager . this has a sorted list of all the apps on the system that have registered an alarm . the alarm manager does not run continuously : rather , it tells the kernel when the first alarm is , and the interrupt handler for the clock interrupts is responsible for checking the time and waking up the alarm manager when appropriate . this way , the cpu only needs a few instructions per clock to compare the current time with the time of the next wake-up . in addition , the alarm manager has its own optimizations to keep the device asleep as much as possible . when several apps want to run at intervals ( e . g . to check email every 15 minutes ) , the alarm manager will not run them individually at the exact times they asked for , waking up the device several times over that 15 minute window . instead , it will run all of them at the same time , so the device only needs to wake up once . on top of that , many alarms will not run at all if the device is asleep . for example , if an app wants to run every hour to change your home screen background , there is no point in doing that while the device is asleep , because you can not see it . it will tell the alarm manager that it does not need to wake up the device to run , so the alarm manager will ignore that alarm when telling the kernel when it needs to run . that way , if the device is asleep when the time comes , the alarm will only happen when the device next wakes up .
without doing any research about it at all , this sounds like something that is right up winamp ' s alley . i know it supports streaming audio , but streaming video might be a different matter . edit : also , this guy suggests renaming . m3u8 files to . m3u as . m3u has wider support in apps . perhaps save the . m3u8 file you want from the web , rename the extension , and play it that way ?
upgrading gapps to the correct version ( i was running 10.1 gapps on a 10.2 cm build ) solved the issue . i did not have to reinstall the rom or anything like that , simply flash the new gapps over the old .
now , i am not 100% that this is the exact issue , as i do know that this is the case with . m3u playlists , but i have not tried using . pls files for a playlist . the problem sounds like it is with the media scanner . when it scans the directory that the . pls file is in , it sees the playlist file ( the . pls ) but if the directory does not have any other media files in there ( like . mp3 for example ) then it automatically assumes that the playlist is empty so it deletes it . you can create a file in the directory called .nomedia and the media scanner will not even scan the directory , leaving your . pls files alone . to test this , you could just drop some type of media file in the directory with the . pls and see if it is still deleted ( or add the . nomedia file ) . if it is not deleted , then it is 100% the media scanner causing the files to delete . if it is still deleted , then i would check if in your application you are deleting them some how .
i do not know if this applies to the s4 but on my nexus devices it shows up on my pc as a ' drive ' but i can not access anything until the phone is unlocked ( the normal screen lock - pattern/pin ) . if you have a screen lock set it should not allow access to the device until you unlock it .
it should show your pictures as they are added ( aka not all-or-nothing ) . i would try rebooting your device , also check if maybe your battery level is low ( under i think 20% it does not upload , similar to dropbox )
you could change the guest network to be low priority by editing the supplicant . conf file ( probably requires root , or adb use ) . you can find out what file this is by looking at /etc/wifi/wifi.conf ; the file you need is set as the SUPP_CONFIG_FILE property 's value . normally it is /data/wifi/bcm_supp.conf or /data/misc/wifi/wpa_supplicant.conf . you will see entries like the following in that file : network={ ssid="network name" someotherproperty="some other value" priority=0 }  you want to have priority=0 for the networks you least want to connect to , and a higher priority for networks you do want to connect to . if you just have " do not want " and " want " , use 0 and 1 . if you have " do not want " , " not preferred " , " preferred " , and " super-preferred " , use values 0 , 1 , 2 , and 3 respectively . you get the idea .
there is not any way to get to it . it is basically turning on and off a developer facing backup feature . each app can write what it wants to into a certain amount of space , and google takes care of sending it back to the app when it is reinstalled . even if you were to write an app for it , you had only be able to access the storage linked to that developer key , not the other apps that use the service . for more info on what that option does , see my answer here .
close odin , disconnect your phone , restart odin , reboot your phone , put the phone into download mode again , and then connect your phone and ensure odin sees it . sometimes odin just does not recognize the device and you need to try again . odin will show something like the yellow highlighted area below when the phone is properly connected :
seems that no special folder is used to store attachments - strange since i am definitely saw the message ' picture too large - compressing ' when trying to send an image via mms . i would have expected this to be saved somewhere . i will accept my own answer here , unless someone else can give some valuable information .
they work like normal shortcuts , just long-press the icon and drop it into the recycling bin , and then open the app menu , long-press Search and drag it down to the dock . edit : the dock in question is not customizable from the default settings , but it can be patched through clockworkmod . the most comprehensive customization options i have seen can be found here . the files need to be applied through clockworkmod so the device has to be rooted . just download the file you prefer , move it to the internal sdcard and apply the update from recovery . be sure to backup first , just in case .
" rooting " allows you access to the internal android environment , which of course consists of more than just the linux kernel . so you are running linux , but you should consider it as though you are running under a different distribution than say debian or redhat . there is a different set of standard libraries and some files are in different locations . at least on my droid ext2 support is not built-in by default . there is also no init or cron . the full set of linux modules is not available unless you compile them yourself and put then in /system/lib/modules . important ones you may miss on standard roms are cifs , ext2 , tun , and others . most , if not all , phones running android are arm cpus . so the binaries you run on them must be arm " eabi " " soft-float " binaries . if you have the source you can cross-compile whatever utilities you need , but read on . there are many standard commands and utilities available in the /system/bin directory such as grep , ps , cp , rm , mv , ls , ip , even vi . you have enough to get by until you . . . . . . use the " linux installer " utility to install a chroot'ed debian environment . debian has supported arm for a while . it takes some work , but if you can root your phone , and have a sizeable enough sd card , this is the way to go . this is close to a standard linux system and under it you can install and run ruby . of course cpu and ram limitations come into play .
you could have a detailled explanation of what is in the /proc directory in the linux man page
there are huge differences between 1.6 and 2.2 . 1.6 is also a pretty old version of android . flash is only available for 2.2 and later , so if you have to have flash then you need to go with 2.2 . but the archos 43 does not have an fm receiver , the 48 has a receiver , and transmitter . the ui had big improvements in 2.2 compared to 1.6 . the ability to install apps on an external sdcard is also available on 2.2 , but i do not think you will really need that as the 48 says it has 500gb ( that seems like a lot for a device like that . . . ) . i have also read that it is possible to install froyo on the 48 . 3 . x is currently only available on select devices as they have to " partner " with google in order to have access to honeycomb ( 3 . x ) . so i would not expect to see an update on these devcies anytime soon for 3 . x .
i figured it out . if you navigate to this page , and tick the receive text messages on this phone box all texts to google voice will be forwarded to your phone via sms . this generates a new number for each of your contacts that will travel between google voice before delivery , making it so you will always show as your google voice number to friends , even if you are outside of wifi . so just need to save the new number for each contact and be sure to text that instead of their actual number and it works perfect . more info here .
i believe this is a problem of the rom itself ( android 2.2 in ace ) . even with only the basic applications it would show the same error . anyway this problem is solved for me . i upgraded my phone to android 2.3.4 . after that , up to now ( nearly 5 month ) i have not come across that problem .
this is an issue i have as well , it lies with the apps , whose settings override the default ringer and vibration settings . in order to completely disable vibrations you will have to disable them in settings > sound , and individually in each app . twitter app you will have to go to settings > and there is a notification settings sections that allows you to disable vibration . as an aspiring developer , it will be my goal to default to system settings but allow for customization , as it should be . . .
what you are referring to here is called sideloading - this is a term used when loading an app on to a device without using the/a market store . it is possible to get apk files for apps , but there're generally good reasons why most developers do not make these publicly available - some developers will make these available thought , it depends on the individual . i would email the developer in question and ask if you could have an apk version of the app . i would not imagine that they would have any issues with this if your request is legitimate and above board .
short answer : no . long answer : not usually , but there some exceptions . in general , to root the phone , you first have to unlock the bootloader . this wipes the internal storage , keeping your data safe . ( it does not usually wipe the sd card , but you have to assume an attacker will just remove the sd card if he wants to read it ) . you had almost think it was designed this way ! you can easily get past a screen lock using adb , but you have already specified that that is disabled . even if usb debugging is enabled on the phone , newer android versions have a " confirm the debugging key " prompt when you use adb from a new pc , which requires the attacker to unlock the screen anyway . some phones have low-level security vulnerabilities that are not part of android . for example , you used to be able to root any exynos4 device ( such as the samsung galaxy s3 ) by running an app that abused the camera interface to exploit the way the camera driver works . ( this flaw has now been fixed in ota updates . ) in this particular case , you had need to install a special app of your choice onto the phone and run it to exploit the vulnerability . it is likely that any future errors like this will also need the attacker to run a special app , so can not be used on a locked phone with usb disabled , but it is conceivable that some flaw might be added that could be exploited from the lock screen ( perhaps using mtp or usb-otg ) . the last exception is , of course , if the bootloader is already unlocked . in this case , the attacker can flash anything he likes to the system . he would not even need to root the phone : he could simply disable the lock screen and reboot the phone to get to the home screen . some users think that bootloader locking is just to make things harder for users , but it is an important part of android 's security mechanism .
technically , yes , you can build the " plain version " of android : http://source.android.com/source/initializing.html however , it is difficult to do this for all but a handful of devices ( official " google " developer devices , such as the nexus line of phones ) because every android phone requires its own drivers and these are not freely available . this is where projects like cyanogenmod step in : they take the vanilla build of android , add a few minor features to it , and then try to release it for as many devices as possible . typically way before any manufacturer gets around to updating the phones ( if ever ) . cyanogenmod 9 is the ics version of android , and is tba . in short , the difference between htc and google is that htc takes the vanilla android version and then " skins " it with htc sense . this is one of the many reasons there is a bit of a delay between when google release a new version of android ( for example , ics ) and when the manufacturers get around to doing it , because they have to fix their changes/skin to the new version of android .
simply removing widgets and shortcuts from the screen will only prevent the very unexperienced ( i.e. . those who never used an android device before ) from accessing other apps , and not even sure for them . if your goal is to prevent most people from doing so ( the very experienced will always find a way to circumvent your protection ) , you rather need something like a kiosk-mode . recoomended readings/references on this : deny the installation of apps or add new accounts ( kiosk mode ) -- another q and a here on our site child-proofing an android phone ? -- again a q and a at android enthusiasts kioware - kiosk system software -- an android kiosk solution kiosk mode on android with surelock -- also mentioned in the first q and a kiosk mode on android -- a blog on the topic google search on the topic german overview on app lockers ( google translate version of the same page ) btw : if you initialize all those tablets using the same google account , you can easily manage installations via your computers web browser ( just a hint along ) .
i finally did a wipe/factory reset . i lost all apps and data , but at least i can use my phone again . and yes , that was because i ran out of space in the internal sd card .
i have posted the question on same link shown in question . till that i tried everything format sd card totally , also tried different roms of ics still it was not worked . then as in reply i got on that forum saying install gingerbread rom then root it , use ota root keeper and upgrade . so i did similar to that i installed gingerbread . then i formatted all using cwm . then i installed new ics refrec v2 rom . and then after i tried to root it . and it worked . hope so if anyone face the same problem they can downgrade to gb then again move to ics to root it after flash if their favorite rom does not come rooted . : )
as we already have a lot of related answers to similar questions , just let me sum up here : as said in my above comment , the screenshot does not provide much information without having related details available . all it says is : the overall battery consumption after ~14.5 hours is shared 50:50 by " phone idle " and " cell standby " . let 's assume the battery level at that point is 80% , then each app had consumed about 10% of a full charge -- which could count as " normal " . if on the other hand the battery level was 20% ( or even less ) , it would be a bad sign -- pointing a.o. to bad reception ( see : cell standby and how can i keep it from eating my battery ? ) for the " cell standby " part . i wrote we already have a lot of good answers on the " battery life " topic . some are even listed in the " related " ( and now also in the " linked" ) section of this question , as e.g. what can i do to increase battery life on my android device ? is there any study on how which services/sensors consume the battery ? many more can be found following the tag-link battery-life . please follow those links for closer information . as the " battery info " is giving you so few information , here 's a hint to some helpful app : betterbatterystats . with that app , watch out especially for the " wake locks " , as those keep your device from entering energy-saving modes . check the configuration of the apps mentioned in connection with this ( a good example could be an email app with a too-high polling frequency , where you e.g. could reduce the frequency from " every 5 minutes " to " every 30 minutes " to save a lot of juice ) . edit : another helpful app i just discovered is battery stats plus , which helps you find the " evil apps " on your device . brought to you by our friend at xda developers . . .
just found my answer . in people app go to Menu &gt; Settings and tap on the setting Search contacts by . there mark the option of Company as selected . there you go : )
usually , mobile data should be turned off automatically by the system when wifi is connected . if you are sure it is mobile data which is on , you could try some automation tools to handle this , e.g. tasker ( condition : wifi connected , task : mobile data off ) , or llama - location profiles ( here i do not know the steps , but it can do that as well ) .
the android firmware is composed of several image files . these image files are flashed to ( device specific ) locations on your devices internal memory . typically these images are for the bootloader , recovery , fastboot , and the system ( os ) . the remaining memory is mapped to your internal storage . since each device expects them to be located at different locations depending on the manufacturer , you cannot modify them safely .
there are some " lock screens " like go locker , but they are not " real " lock screens . lock screens are just about the only part of the android os that cannot be replaced by 3rd party applications . these other lock screens attempt to override the real lock screen . some of them work fairly well , but i always notice some type of lag when turning on the device or unlocking the device .
that is going to depend on how much you are using it during the day , i would say start at 700 and move it around until it feels smooth for you . i would not push the phone that high , first it is going to overheat pretty quickly , which can permanently brick your phone . even 800 is going to be rough on it so i would not leave it up that high for very long . i have got an eris ( did a little looking around , and the droid cpu is set at 550mhz whereas the eris is set at 528mhz as reference points ) so this is going to be a little different than what you have got , but here 's my profiles so you can tweak as needed . temp > 36.9 c 528mhz/160mhz priority : 100 ( this is the failsafe setting , if the phone get 's too hot it'll cut the cpu speed so the phone can cool down and prevent any damage ) charging/full 729mhz/528mhz priority : 80 ( if the phone is plugged in , it can run a little harder , but i also do not use my phone much when it is plugged in ) battery &lt ; 100% 710mhz/528mhz priority : 50 ( this is the normal use setting , which keeps the phone moving smoothly , but does not get too hot ) the most important thing is that you have scaling set to ondemand . this will turn the processor down if it is not being used . hence , on the last setting , it is very rarely at 710mhz and is most often below 550mhz . second to remember is not to set the minimum too low , or the phone will have trouble waking up from sleep . you will need to do a little digging around to find out what the ideal min is for the droid , but i would suspect above 160 mhz would be safe for you . those should cover most bases , at bare minimum add the failsafe profile so that you do not lose your phone .
the main difference is that the launcher screen contains all installed apps on your system . you cannot order it nor do anything but using the icons to access any application . in the main screen you can : add shortcuts to applications ( icons like the ones in the launcher screen ) , you can place each icon in the place you want . add widgets that provide rich functionalities like clocks , calendars or weather access . if you want to compare your phone with a computer , launcher screen is the equivalent of “start menu” in windows , while the main screen ( s ) are the equivalent to the desktop .
the upgrade to android 4.3 came from my service provider last week , so i upgraded . now i can play and pause music from the lock screen !
alas , the UsbStorageActivity does not use an intent to enable and disable usb mass storage , so there is no way to achieve this using am . it instead calls the functions StorageManager.enableUsbMassStorage and `StorageManager.disableUsbMassStorage to do its work . as these functions are hidden in the framework , it is not possible to write an app to do this , either . as far as i know , there is no existing command to do this . it might be possible to write an app that offers a command-line interface and uses the bound system service MountService to call its setUsbMassStorageEnabled function , but that would be way off-topic for this site .
while you are on wifi , have a look in wi-fi settings > menu|advanced . it looks like it is easier when you are on wifi than when you are on a celular signal ( 3 or 2.5g ) . i have found a blog post here that seems to do what your asking , but you may need to have rooted the phone , or at least be comfotable with editing a few system bits and bobs .
these toggles are not part of android . third party roms like cyanogenmod and miui , and certain skins that hardware manufacturers put on android include that . if you want to have this functionality on a nexus running stock android you might want to try these two applications , i have used them both , and they are quite stable and useful . power toggles : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.painless.pc more quickly panel : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mabware.android.morequicklypanel
no . this app just removes the file " batterystats . bin " in the " data/system " directory . it has nothing to do with your battery life and also not the status indicator of your system . it only keeps the infos in the " battery usage " screen . it will also be resetted every time you connect to a power source . further information and sources : xda-developers and dianne hackborn ( google employee )
the keyword is : " active display " . use that in a search ( a better custimized google search here ) turns up a whole lot of good candidates ( oh , and a bunch of not-candidates , unfortunately ) . it might be useful ignoring the ones from motorola itself , as they are probably intended for their device ( s ) ( checking can not hurt , though ) . just a few picks right from the first page : active display and battery active display are two examples of apps emulating moto 's active display on other devices as i wrote , these are only the first two candidates picked up , and there are probably several more you might wish to check out for yourself . good luck !
you would have to look at the pros and cons . pros of cloud backup off site backup ( you will keep your data if your house burns down ) cons of cloud backup make take a while to upload all of your data to the server make take a while to download the data again pros of dedicated backup app quick ( no upload ) quick and easy access ( on your sd card , so you can easily access it without an internet connection ) cons of dedicated backup app if your sd card breaks , you lose all the backups if there is a fire , you lose your backups if you lose your phone with the sd card in it , you lose both the phone and your backup you also have to bear in mind that my backup pro ( which you mentioned ) , has the ability to back up to the cloud as well as file backups . you can also set scheduled backups . with this in mind , i would say that a dedicated backup app would actually be better and easier than using a standard cloud service .
firmware definitely will not affect the quality of gps reception ( atleast in case of original roms , as homebrew roms might have some bugs - even then it is either the fact that the gps fix might take longer than usual or the gps does not work at all . not associated with accuracy . ) what affects gps reception is the quality of the signal . you tend to get a better and a faster gps fix if you are in the open rather than in a closed building . i have seen that foursquare and google maps always point at the same location . ( no brainer . )
charging control is done via hardware to prevent ruining the battery in case of software errors . that is why ( most ? ) devices charge even when powered off . the status display that is then shown is just a " minimal os " that queries the current status from the battery charger hardware .
natively , there is no way to schedule shutdowns and boot ups of the android system . if you do decide to root there are applications in the play store that can shedule a shutdown ( you may even be able to make your own busybox script instead ) . however booting up will never be possible the way android handles shut downs because when android shuts down , it is not running . and so , there is nothing in memory to initiate any sort of startup process .
messed around with it a bit more and found a solution . i just had to go to settings -> accounts and sync to delete the exchange account .
strobe light is a kind of light which goes on and off a given number of times . the inverse of the number of times it goes on and off in a second is called its frequency . strobe lights are used to see rotating objects to give an illumination that the rotating object is stationary . by adjusting the strobe frequency the speed of the rotating object is matched to get the desired illusion effect . there are many uses of strobe light from testing and instrumentation to dancing !
a workaround at least while in the main launcher home screen is to press menu and then notifications . else get hellostatusbar and assign it to a shortcut key . you can also try status bar expander which uses a long-press on the menu key to drop the bar wherever you are . naturally , ymmv as certain devices do not support these apps .
i tried to do uname -a on my cm10.1 ( samsung galaxy s2 ) on the built-in terminal app . it returns : linux localhost 3.0.31-cm-g17c7b6e #1 smp preempt tue feb 19 01:11:17 pst 2013 armv71 gnu/linux kernel version : 3.0.31-CM-g17c7b6e smp : Symmetric Multi-Processor support preempt : kernel preemption is enabled kernel date : Tue Feb 19 01:11:17 PST 2013 processor : armv71
just got a kindle fire as a gift . so far i have been more than disappointed . no apps no amazon prime membership . no cloud . no mp3 's no storage . yes facebook works . yes i can check my email . yes i can browse the web . bottom line is , if you are in canada , spend a few more bucks and get a tablet that you can use . . .
it is actually pretty simple but not obvious at first . create a playlist ( e . g . ' offline' ) open google play music on your android device and select the playlist check ' keep on device ' for the playlist go to http://music.google.com and add tracks to this playlist you device will download the tracks , even if you add them with the web interface
problem solved with hangouts version 2.1.223 . in " settings " we now have an option do " unhide " contacts . thanks google .
the radio frequency of a 2g radio operates in the range of 900 and 1800 mhz ( source ) - varying from country to country . the radio frequency of a 3g radio operates in the range of 2100 mhz ( source ) . as far as samsung galaxy nexus lte l700 ' s specification is concerned , the 2g frequency is CDMA 800 / 1900 , 3g frequency is CDMA2000 1xEV-DO and lte ( 4g ) frequency is LTE 1900 . as far as samsung galaxy nexus i9250 ' s specification is concerned , the 2g frequency is GSM 850/900/1800/1900 , 3g frequency is HSDPA 900/1700/1900/2100 and lte ( 4g ) frequency is LTE 2300/2400 . the above examples clearly means that the phones use different radio frequency for each type of network and hence when switching from one to another it goes into no network mode momentarily and hence the data connection stops .
each vendor is able to customize android to suite their whimsy . i am using a $250usd toshiba thrive ( os 4.0.3 ) , a curtis klu mid704 ( os 4.1.1 , and one of the rockchip clones ) a polaroid branded pmid704 and a zte phone . of all these , the polaroid and curtis have ethernet support in the settings . i am using a radio shack belkin usb-to-ethernet adapter , which is supported off-the-shelf by android . ( only the toshiba thrive has a full size type-a usb jack . the others need adapters , not available at radioshack . ) the polaroid is " broken " in that the ethernet does not work . you click on it in settings and it clicks but does nothing . the crappy $75usd curtis works , it shows me my ip and mac address in settings and i can set static ip parameters including ip address , gateway , netmask , and 2 dns servers . however , the android frameworks ( in the java ( tm ) -like language ) are broken . the connection managers only support wifi and mobile data . you can inquire about the eth0 device but can not open a connection or do anything with it . so basically , your mileage may vary from mfr to mfr , and tabbly to tabbly . good luck ! -dave
one way to trigger the hover on links is to long-press the link , wait for the menu to appear , and the press the back button to cancel the menu . this also works in some other browsers . note that this does not work on all links . just tried on the example you mentioned , does not work , probably because there is a slight delay between the onmouseover event and showing the menu . but on other pages , where it is a simple onmouseover trigger this method works .
i had the same problem and think i found the place to correct it : 1 ) open the e-mail client program on the samsung 2 ) go to " menu | account settings " 3 ) disable sms-sync hope it works !
there appears to be a software update coming out to fix this in the " near future " . the actual release date for this update was not specified . . . here is the faq on the motorola website . . .
you are ( not ) in trouble . or at least you cannot tell anymore by simply taking a look at the notification bar . with android 4.4 ( kitkat ) came a few design changes ; one of them was to turn those notification icons permanently gray , officially to be " less distracting " . so how can you tell if there are issues with your connection to the google servers ? according to an androidpit blog , you now have to check with the quick-settings , where problems are indicated by icons turned red/orange .
i use an app called epistle to create/edit textfiles within my dropbox repository . it even supports markdown . there are other similar apps in the market . if you have embraced todo . txt for your to-do management , gina trapani 's todo . txt touch is helpful . it also syncs to dropbox .
the dex file stored in dalvik-cache is an optimized ( "odex" ) file . for historical reasons it carries the file extension " . dex " . the canonical documentation on dexopt is in dalvik/docs/dexopt . html . it is a bit stale at this point but is a reasonable starting point .
this is samsung 's " quick glance " feature , which triggers when a hand is waved over your sleeping phone . you can turn it off in settings -> my device -> motions and gestures -> air gesture -> quick glance .
after relocking and unlocking again , it worked for me .
i got it fixed . here are the steps i took : use the exploit here entitled " phone : use a hole to disable your lock " . for me , it did not work exactly as documented , though . i had to mash the password keys for a long time ( calling my phone was unnecessary ) , then swipe up google now , mash the password a few more times , and hit Enter . with that , google now pops up and the phone is unlocked . i did not test to find out how much of this is necessary and how much is not . fire up a terminal app on the phone . i can not get root access from adb . type su to become root . it should go without saying that this method will not work unless the phone has been rooted . enter the following commands to clear the password ( source ) . each line represents a command to type , one at a time . tip : these commands will be easier to type if you use hacker 's keyboard and type with the phone in landscape orientation . reboot the phone . the screen will still be locked and non-unlockable . so , repeat step 1 to unlock it . go to the security screen and hit Screen lock . you will be asked to confirm your pin . the new password is null . that means that instead of entering a password , just hit Next with a blank password . now , you are in , so go ahead and change your pin to whatever you want .
i am not sure if it is a good choice to use a alphanumeric keyboard instead of a qwerty one . but here is some choices for you : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=bigkeyboard.bordeux.net https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.bb.keyboard.wf this one is paid , but seems better : play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=net.fredricknet.inputmethod.latin there is no much people making this keyboards , so it is probability that the keyboard is no longer updated .
if you have installed any task killer application that has super user permission granted , this might be killing all the tasks ( including system critical processes ) which might result in a restart . an eg . for this would be zdbox . try checking if that is causing the problem .
did you try to permaroot anyways ? i would try a factory reset and then try again .
i am now using osmand . it stores openstreetmap maps on the phone 's storage . osmand uses a vectorial format , which means it can store a lot of information without taking too much space , and is visible in all zoom factors . you can download the maps you want , for instance italy , bolivia , or any other country/region . free , open source .
they go to your download folder by default , typically at /sdcard/Download . note that this may not necessarily be a physical sd card ( e . g . on devices that do not have an sd slot it is emulated ) . from a practical standpoint , if you need to access them on your device , just open the gallery or photos app . the picture will appear in either of those as long as you have not added a .nomedia file to the download folder or something . also , opening the picture in either photos or the aosp gallery app ( possibly others as well ) will allow you to discern its physical location by opening the menu and selecting " details " .
i can confirm that it is possible with the i5800xxjpf update with the 4 ( out of 5 ) separate files and the odin multi downloader tool . here are the instructions of how to update 2.1 eclair to 2.2 froyo .
i almost forgot about my own question , meanwhile i found perfectly working solution -- simply converting kml into gpx with gpsbabel : http://www.gpsbabel.org/ it is open source , which is great plus for me .
i am afraid not . if you are not happy with the permissions it uses , do not install it .
adobe decided to stop support for its flash player on android mainly because of html5 does not need flash player to play videos . unfortunately , that did not mean all web sites you visit would start using html5 instead of flash ( though it would have been nice ) . if some of the web sites you want to look at are using flash , the last version of adobe flash player that landed on the google play store will work with your jelly bean device . however , since it is no longer available through the play store , you will need to install it from a side-loaded apk . they have only stopped support , does not mean that it will not work but if it does not on certain devices then they will not fix it or support it . you can still install it from here .
found it . . . . message board service started bluelocate service started here is the app causing theses messages : connectdroid
actually , it should not be necessary to connect the tablet to your desktop . all you need to do is to log into google play on your desktop with the same account that is registered on the tablet . then navigate to an app and press the Install button ( or Installed if it is already installed on one of your other devices ) : once you click Install , a dialog will appear which allows you to select the device to install to : after clicking Install , click OK on the next dialog that pops up . then connect your tablet via wifi , wait a bit , and the app will be installed !
you can use es file exporer goto app manager ( press menu to get app manager ) There you can see list of applications installed in your mobile select live wallpaper apk click on backup you can find apk in location /sdcard/backups/apps * edit : * system live wallpapers are located on your phone in path : system/app/livewallpapers . apk you can use es file explorer for the same . but your device need to be rooted to access system apps .
if you still want them to show up in your inbox , things get complicated . you would have to create filters to label every kind of message you do want notifications for , and then in the gmail app you would turn off notifications for the inbox , followed by syncing and turning on notifications for the label you just created . if you do not care if they show in your inbox , do the following from the web gmail : go to Mail Settings -&gt; Filters -&gt; Create new filter put youraddress@gmail.com in the to field put Chat with in the subject field hit next check Skip the inbox hit create filter alternatively you could turn off the saving of chat history , which disables offline messages , but that has its own downsides .
use a file manager such as astro file manager . i will use my file manager quick to check though . edit : so on my galaxy s2 the directory is /sdcard/download . /sdcard is the root directory on my phone and not actually an sd card . it is the 2gb of app storage on my phone
try isyncr . they have a wifi add on also .
go to settings -> sound and make sure silent mode is set to vibrate , then in RINGTONE &amp; NOTIFICATIONS section , check the option vibrate on ring , then call yourself and it should vibrate .
pure aosp version of android does not save clipboard data to files ; the data is stored only in ram by the clipboardservice , which runs inside the system_server process . samsung , like many other manufacturers , adds their proprietary modifications to the base aosp code ; one of these modifications is the ability to keep the clipboard history , and this history is stored in files in the /data/Clipboard directory . of course , you will not find this proprietary samsung code on other devices , or even in third-party roms for samsung devices . as for accessing the clipboard service using adb shell service call clipboard ... , you cannot do it on recent android versions , because the iclipboard interface now has security checks ( it requires specifying the package name , and the calling uid must own the package name ) . this interface is also an implementation detail and changes between different android versions .
i am not sure if this is htc specific , but this is what i need to do to get a " direct dial " icon on my htc desire . long press on where you want to add the icon hit ' shortcut ' hit ' direct dial ' select the contact you want to use ( if the contact has more than one number , you will need to pick which one ) there should now be an icon that will have that contact 's photo and a small phone symbol on the bottom right . if you hit the icon , you will immediately dial the contact .
the best way i know ( using cm11 as a reference ) is to go to settings -> backup and reset and removing the checkmark next to auto restore . it may be under another heading on different roms so you may need to look around for it . it is best to do this before you do the factory reset .
update : try cleanup and reinstall of drivers as mentioned here . seems to have worked for others . this seems to be a known issue , and many have had success by using a different cable , connecting to a usb 3 port etc , but clearly , those will not work in your case . not sure what your usual usage is , but for file transfers , you can use airdroid , which connects through wifi .
generally fat is used when possible simply because it is compatible with more ( older ) devices . while this is not much of an issue today , it probably continues out of ( 1 ) very slight market advantage and ( 2 ) the fact that factory machinery is set up that way and it would cost owners to change it . in any event , android can certainly read fat32 ; if it could not nobody would be able to use sd cards larger than 2gb . there should be no problem with android being able to read your card after a format .
1 ) what is the code name for the sprint nexus s 4g which is a cdma phone but not a the verizon codename ? the crespo codename is the gsm variant of the nexus s ( verizon never carried it ) . sprint 's ns4g is simply codenamed crespo4g . 2 ) does that link have the proper roms for this phone ? no , those are all for the gsm crespo version . 3 ) other options ? i need to flash this back to 2.3.6 where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ? covers your options pretty well . in this case , the first heading of the answer will be a good start : google flagship updates google hosts update packages for the flagship nexus devices at http://android.clients.google.com/packages/ . you can not browse that link directly , but web search is your friend here . search for that link plus the code name of the device and the version you want ; for example , searching android.clients.google.com/packages crespo ics results in a lot of pages with this link -- the ota ice cream sandwich update for the t-mobile nexus s . searching for android.clients.google.com/packages "crespo4g" gingerbread returns a number of results . one of them is this xda thread , with a collection of links to stock firmwares .
no . i have another sgs model and it works with no battery for a second , as long as the battery 's in when you start it up , but quickly shuts off .
a " recovery " is a special space in the internal memory of your phone , set aside by the manufacturer to perform diagnostics and os upgrades . in windows terms , it is a rough equivalent of boot menu ( usually accessed by pressing f8 during boot-up . ) it is invisible to the phone under normal operation , and is accessed in a special way ( usually by turning the phone on while holding one or more buttons ) . the problem is that the recoveries that comes with stock devices do not allow for installation of custom roms , only firmware images " signed " by the manufacturer . in order to install custom roms ( e . g . cyanogenmod for example ) you will need to replace the stock recovery image with a custom one , made by community developers . on android there are several custom recoveries , clockworkmod ( cwm ) and amon-ra being the most known ones . these custom recoveries allow you to do a lot more things with your phone . the biggest advantage is being able to flash unsigned custom roms . other benefits include various tools and utilities for further managing the phones . one such utility is called " nandroid " . it is a backup and restore tool that allows you to take a full image of all the phone 's internal nand memory ( hence the name ) and store it on your sd card . should something go wrong with the phone 's software , you can use the previously saved backup to restore the phone to a working state . the maker of clockworkmod recovery also created an android app called " rom manager " . this app allows you to easily upgrade the cwm recovery to a new version when one becomes available for your device . it also allows you to manage nandroid backups stored on the sd card , as well as perform a slew of other useful advanced tasks . these include fixing app/data permissions , re-partitioning of the sd card right on the phone , downloading different custom roms and flashing them directly from the app . a paid " premium " version of the app has more advanced features , such as ota update notifications for custom roms that support it , etc .
switching the primary account on google play seems to continue the auto-update process
from http://www.google.com/intl/en_uk/mobile/android/market-policies.html , product removals : from time to time , google may discover a product on the market that violates the android market developer distribution agreement or other legal agreements , laws , regulations or policies . in such an instance , google retains the right to remove those applications from your device remotely , at its sole discretion . if that occurs , google will make reasonable efforts to recover the purchase price of the product , if any , from the originating developer on your behalf . if google is unable to recover the full amount of the purchase price , it will divide any recovered amounts between the affected users on a pro rata basis . from what i can gather from above , it seems that the app in question will be removed from your device and you will be entitled for a refund . ( not strictly a full refund sometimes ) the app fails to be removed from the device and you may not get a refund . ( though i suggest you can contact google in this case ) if the app exists on your device , you can use it any how and it is not under jurisdiction of google anymore . and answer to you alternate situation , again , yes google will make reasonable efforts to recover the purchase price of product and the refund option will probably work .
solution : apparently there is a bug with this in android 3.2 . rotating your xoom will fix it .
as of 2.3.4 this issue is fixed . for other users on previous versions , i temporarily solved this problem by disabling wifi all together .
raw contacts are joined according to rules described at using the contacts api : two raw contacts are considered to be a match if at least one of these conditions is met : they have matching names . their names consist of the same words but in different order ( for example , " bob parr " and " parr , bob" ) one of them has a common short name for the other ( for example , " bob parr " and " robert parr" ) one of them has just a first or last name and it matches the other raw contact . this rule is less reliable , so it only applies if the two raw contacts are also sharing some other data like a phone number , an email address or a nickname ( for example , helen [ "elastigirl" ] = helen parr [ "elastigirl" ] ) at least one of the two raw contacts is missing the name altogether and they are sharing a phone number , an email address or a nickname ( for example , bob parr> [incredible@android.com] = incredible@android.com ) . when comparing names , the system ignores upper/lower case differences ( bob=bob=bob ) and diacritical marks ( hélène=helene ) . when comparing two phone numbers the system ignores special characters such as "*" , "#" , " ( " , " ) " , and whitespace . also if the only difference between two numbers is that one has a country code and the other does not , then the system considers those to be a match ( except for numbers in the japan country code ) . automatic aggregation is not permanent ; any change of a constituent raw contact may create a new aggregate or break up an existing one . there is also explicit aggregation , that can be set for raw contacts , if a user explicitly wants two contacts to be joined . read more about it in the article .
why do you want to avoid flashing chainfire 's kernel ? from xda : this rooted kernel is for the " rooting beginners " and those who want to keep as close to stock as possible . cf-root takes the kernel from an original samsung firmware , and just adds root , busybox , and clockworkmod ( cwm4 ) recovery . rooting voids your warranty just the same as flashing does , and odin is virtually guaranteed to save you if you ignore the instructions while flashing and screw something up . you can also re-flash the stock kernel afterwards , which will remove cwm while still leaving you rooted . edit : gingerbreak apparently only worked on test devices .
realsilent may do the trick for you : there is a bug report for this issue , but it has not been acknowledged by google .
fixed it by rooting the phone with a different kernel version . installing in appropriate kernel was the reason for this problem .
investigating in this issue , we already have a lot of broken screen questions providing some clues : you could hook your device to your tv screen via hdmi . this should mirror its ( invisible ) screen . of course this would require your screen at least to respond to touch events . airdroid might provide some help , as it allows to manage your device for many things , and also advertizes to stream the screen of your android in nearly real-time you could use some vnc server , and start it via adb as described in broken screen + using adb shell to run vnc server the latter obviously was the solution fitting you best , as you reported having done exactly that with vmlite vnc server . not the cheapest solution ( this app comes for about us$ 8 ) – but certainly cheaper than paying off a tech : )
unlike native apps , web apps can not access low level api of system ( to access hardware etc ) unless it is supported by web standards ( most are not supported to maintain web app portability ) . here , native web apps comes to rescue . in native web apps , web codes ( html , css and js ) run in a native wrapper code . the wrapper code is native ( can use low level api ) which contains webview to render the web app . so , it taps the benefits from both worlds ( that is why its called hybrid app ) . for example , facebook app ( in play store ) is a native web app . when you see your timeline , friends ' profiles etc in this app , you actually see webpages . but , at the same time , this app can access your camera , android 's system-wide share menu etc . another great example is google currents .
the component name is specified as the package name , then a slash , then the name of the class . so in this case , the command you want is:- am startservice --es toggle toggle com.urbandroid.lux/.TwilightService  for future reference , and to help avoid confusion : the intent is the name of the message you are sending to start the service . the thing that you want to start is a service , not a " service intent " , and the thing you found in the manifest is a service , not an intent .
were the apps developed using above air for android ? there seems to be a distinction between the two sdks . look at this tutorial for all the info on getting started . even if some of the info is redundant , it does have a section on deployment to the phone .
as of today , 3/23/14 , to commemorate the 3rd anniversary of the amazon app store , zynga has released a version for the kindle fire with in-app purchasing . the ui for the updated app mimics the version that had been already available in the google play store .
tablets have larger screens , and often more powerful cpus , than phones , which vastly increases power consumption . in order to provide the battery life expected , tablet batteries have much higher capacity than typical phones , and would charge at an unacceptably slow rate with a 5v , 550ma charge provided by a usb 2.0 computer port ( some wall chargers are 850ma or 1-2a ) . at 550ma and 5v , you are getting 2.75 watts ( volts x amps ) , at 2a , you are as high as 10 watts . charging at a higher voltage allows a faster charge while keeping the current down , which minimizes the need for heavier conductors in the cable , etc . the asus charger used with the transfomer series , for example , uses 1.5a at 15v , which provides 22.5 watts . i believe the ipad charger has similar characteristics . each of these uses a proprietary connector which provides a signal to the charger that it can safely output the higher voltage , which reduces the risk of damaging other equipment by connecting it to the higher voltage charger . the asus will charge , albeit very slowly , from a computer usb port using the proprietary cable ; the same may be true of other tablets . edit : an additional factor is the maximum current rating of the pins in the usb connector . this article states that the maximum rated current on pins 1 and 5 of a micro usb connector is 1.8 amps for a total of 9 watts . currents beyond that amount run the risk of overheating the pins .
have you installed any custom calling app ? i am sure that this is not the case on my default stock calling app .
i will put this altogether here . google and some oems do not seem to be supporting fm anymore , as evident in the nexus 4 and 5 not having any fm hardware built in . the samsung galaxy s4 also are carrying on this trend . the theory being that there are internet raido services that can stream thousands of channels . which does not suit everyone . the theory is that it saves space for the hardware and cost in manufacture . android forums discussion on the lack of fm on nexus 5 this xda thread suggests it is not possible however there are fm apps out there . this is a very lowly reviwed fm app on the play store that claims to use the tuner . update : does not work on htc one . this xda thread has an attached apk for an fm tuner that may work . i have not tested , the usual warnings about unknown sources applies , of course . another xda fm radio for rooted devices there is one more here the one that is most recommended that i have found is spirit fm which specifically states that no internet connection is required . try them out , see what works , and most of all be wary of permissions and apps you are not confident about .
i ended up flashing the stock rom ( using sammobile.com ) back again and using the stock recovery to do a factory reset as the team win recovery format did not do anything . that did the trick , but of course all data is gone too . oh well .
ahh , schneier on security , unvy gb gur xvat . :- ) tl ; dr it may be possible , no one can say for sure . and since no one knows if it is possible you can not block it , because you do not know what and therefore how to block . but first , let use investigate the statement step by step : note that the article is from 2006 . . . said mobile providers can . . . google is certainly able to do so , if you are using a google services enabled device ( usually the ones with " by google " on the back ) . but basically every hardware/software manufacturer , whose parts are placed within smartphone ( or traditional mobile phone ) , is able to install backdoors in his products , which could by used third parties to manipulate the device . either because they bought this access or because the manufacturer is forced to , for example by a ( secret ) government regulation . . . . " remotely install a piece of software on to any handset , . . that is possible and every time you install an app over the play store web interface you use this technique . . . without the owner 's knowledge , . . usually you will see visual feedback about the installation process , at least until it is running . but the notification about the new app stays in the notification bar . but no one can rule out that there is a silent install method too . . . which will activate the microphone even when its owner is not making a call . . . android apps are able to activiate the microphone if they have the permission to to so . but if the app came with a silent install method , who knows if the permission for the microphone was also silently given ? and now , how can i protect my privacy ? as soon as you buy a piece of hardware/software without having the ability to verify the hardware and software components for surveillance backdoors , you are lost . but there are alternatives . there have been attempts to create open source hardware and software for smartphones . therefore allowing you to review the components for unwanted modules . see for example opoenmoko .
according to google 's help pages on using voice within the search app , the voice actions only work for a limited set of languages : for most of these tips , you need to be using android 4.1+ in english , french , german , italian , japanese , korean , russian , spanish , or brazilian portuguese . some voice actions are not available in all languages and countries . they are not referring to the search app 's " language " setting , as that only governs language in which search results are returned . you must change the system-wide Language setting to one the supported locales under settings -> language and input . unfortunately there is currently no way to use voice actions under other locales . google however are always improving their search app , so it is possible that voice actions will become available in your country 's language soon .
the easiest way is to use a barcode you could e.g. create with an app like my qr code generator . if you do not want to install an app for the purpose , there are also web services available like e.g. goqr . me -- simply search google for qr code generator vcard . the result is a qr-code -- a simply image you can put on your web page . on android ( and other ) devices , a qr code reader ( best known and widely used on android is barcode reader ) utilizes the camera to take a picture from it , analyzes the coded content , and then offers an appropriate action . in case of a vcard , this would e.g. be to add it to your contact list -- exactly what you intended . of course you could simply export your contact data in vcard format for download ( on opening that , the user would get the same choice to add the content to the contacts ) . you also could combine both , linking the qr-code image to the downloadable vcard ( make sure the file extension of the vcard file is set to .vcf , so the web server gets a chance to set the correct mime type -- otherwise it may be treated as " plain text " and opened inside the browser instead of being downloaded ) . this way a visitor could either use a barcode reader , or click on the code to download the vcard . thus it even could be imported to apps on the pc : ms outlook , gnome evolution , and others understand the vcard-format as well . troubleshooting : if you linked the vcard .vcf file for download , and it still only gets displayed in the browser window , here 's how this can be fixed with apache web server ( solution by mrglass -- thanks ! ) : edit your apache config ( or , if you cannot access this , edit/create the .htaccess file in the directory your .vcf is stored ) to contain the following segment : &lt;FilesMatch "\.vcf$"&gt; ForceType text/vcard Header set Content-Disposition attachment &lt;/FilesMatch&gt; 
you can take screen shots with ddms and the android sdk . it is not hard to set up . see http://www.thefireblog.com/2011/11/16/houston-we-have-screenshots/: so , here’s a quick summary people : install the android sdk tools , then the platform-tools edit your adb_usb . ini file to add the 0×1949 vendor id at the end ensure that adb is running properly check that your device is online run ddms start taking your screenshots using the device > screen capture option .
the first thing worth noting that your original attempt at pointing your browser to the . apk directly should work ( see the comments starting with stephen schrauger 's ) . it is not really clear why this would not be the case for you , but you may want to double-check your downloads app ( in the app drawer ) and your pathing . it could be that it is " downloading " in the background but it happens so quickly that you do not realize it . if for some reason that really is not working , then you can try a potential workaround . this is pretty ugly , but it does work . i have tested this on my nexus 10 , for reference . create a folder on your laptop that contains your apk files ( we will call it apkfolder for the purposes of this example ) , then within that folder create an html file ( we will call it apkinstall.html ) using a text editor . since you have an astro apk , use this as the content of the html file : &lt;a href="Astro.apk"&gt;Install Astro&lt;/a&gt;  where Astro.apk should be the actual name of your astro apk file . now copy apkfolder onto the root of your nexus 7 's storage using android file transfer . make sure that all the apks copy over as well as the html file . if you are using textedit on a mac : textedit will attempt to treat things as rtf files by default , so even if you save it with a . html extension it may not work . one workaround i have found is to go to Format &gt; Make Plain Text before you save the file . you will know you are in the correct format when the rulers and such disappear from the textedit window . then you can save the file and make sure you use change the .txt to .html . next launch your browser , and point it to file:///sdcard/apkfolder/apkinstall.html . you should get a mostly blank page , with a link that says " install astro " . click that link to install the astro apk from your storage , then use astro to install all your other apps . if you are using chrome , then you will probably need to pull down the notification bar and tap the " download complete " notification to actually kick off the install . in the more general case , if you did not have a file manager apk , you could instead add a bunch of link entries to the html file - one for each app - and install all of them that way . in your case , this should not be necessary .
solution as per link provided by op : vijesh finally was able to solve his issue using the all-in-one toolkit , following the instructions from this xda thread . this toolkit requires windows . not explicitly mentioned in the xda thread , but most likely this means you have also to install the appropriate device drivers for your smartphone . but it looks like the toolkit offers to do that for you as well , see the item i - install apx drivers in below screenshot : the all-in-one toolkit ( source : xda ; click image for larger variant ) the tool seems to be pretty self-explaining . for the installation , you simply run the self-extractor , which prompts you for a target directory . then you start the tool , and select the wanted item ( here probably 6 - lg update tool ) . again , everything runs almost automatically -- simply follow the instructions given . the .kdz file should be flashed then to the device , and you will end up with the fresh rom installed .
there is no way to tell if the call is coming from google voice unless you change your settings to show the google voice number , but then as chris stated , you wont know who is calling . the reason , it is not the google voice app that handles the incoming call , you can actually receive google voice calls to your phone without even having the app installed . the google voice servers forward the call to your number ( s ) , and based on your settings , they send either the callers info or your google voice number with the " caller id " info .
first , if there is a signature mismatch and i am sure the original app comes from a trusted source , i would doubt the source the " update " comes from : the .apk very likely is manipulated , and might include malware -- so be warned ! i do not know the " one mobile market " you have downloaded it from , so i cannot tell for sure . if you still want to install the new .apk: yes , removing ( uninstalling ) the previously installed app and the installing the downloaded version should work . if the first one was installed as a system app , you will need the appropriate system tools to uninstall it ( e . g . titanium backup -- which you then could also use to create a backup before removing the app , just in case ) . alternatively , if you know the right command line tools , you can do it also via adb shell . as the app in question does not require to be made a system app , installation can be done normally without any root stuff : just tap the .apk in your file explorer , and let the normal installer do its job . after that , watch out for any strange behavior -- just in case the .apk introduced malware .
as of android 2.0 , the system requires that apps that run constantly in the background , and that require a certain level of priority so that they do not get killed offhand ( like music apps ) , put an ongoing notification . this was to prevent abuse of requesting this level of priority without letting the user know that it is occurring . you can read about this here : http://developer.android.com/reference/android/app/service.html#startforeground(int, android . app . notification )
mksh(1) is “just” the system shell on android ( has been for a few versions by now ) . the request basically means that some other application is trying to run a shell command with root permissions , which the dialogue then attributes to the shell instead of the program/library actually requesting it ( on whose behalf mksh is operating ) . there are several very long threads acting on it ; this one has got a good summary , out of which the most important points are : the " ip route add " command comes from libchange . so in htc sense roms ( thanks to chrisch1974 for finding it ) , which itself is already running as a system component the command itself is not malicious , but there is no clear reason why htc sense should run this command the reason it shows up in supersu v0.97 and does not show up in older versions is because v0.97 no longer automatically grants root to the shell and system processes 224.0.0.0/4 is the standard ip multicast range - this command just forces multicasting out of the wifi interface ( since afaik cell carriers do not allow multicasting on their data connections ) . this prevents multicast traffic from attempting to use the mobile network connection and failing . if you have used the adb shell command on any previous phone and got the root prompt , # , instead of the user prompt , $ , by default then your shell has been this way before . i have seen it come and go . in the end , most people agree that saying yes here seems to be harmless . disclaimer : i’m the mksh maintainer .
i have a nas that uses standard windows shares ( smb ) and i use the image transfer app to push all my new pictures and videos to my server over wireless ( it is a paid app but very cheap and in my opinion worth the small fee ) . also see this previous question : app to sync photos to a network drive over wifi ? which has a few alternatives and where image transfer came top . my device comes with a web-page interface , which is how i do most viewing of pictures , files etc
no . its up to the manufacturer to release new android versions for their devices . some devices will never get a new android version . only the devices from google ( nexus one , nexus s ) will get the latest android versions early and ota . the others may get the new version , but it is the decision of the manufacturer . custom roms may provide a newer android version , as the last official version that was released by the manufacturer . but this often only applies to popular devices .
i ended up manually changing my dns server to tether internet from my mobile phone . my phone uses a local dns server from my mobile carrier which i was able to trace using compruebaip . any other dns server is blocked by my mobile carrier ( globe telecom ) . i reckon that my phone 's dns service is not properly working . when tethering , the dns provider should be my phone which serves as proxy when connecting to my mobile carrier 's dns servers . thus , i had to set them manually on my laptop . i am using windows 8 and my phone is an android gingerbread 2.3 . so basically , the problems are : my mobile carrier is bad . they are blocking other dns servers and are monopolizing dns requests . this is not good because their servers are not that good . my phone 's dns service appears to be broken . this means my laptop could not connect to the dns service of my mobile phone which then forwards dns requests to my mobile carrier 's dns service . fortunately , after two months of despair , i was able to resolve this . this is what i did : find out what the actual dns servers are my mobile carrier is using through compruebaip . manually set my laptop 's dns servers to the one used by my mobile carrier . even better , i retained google 's public dns server 8.8.8.8 as my primary dns server and used my mobile carrier 's primary dns server as my alternate dns server . so , now , i can use my mobile phone as my internet provider for my laptop whenever i am not at home or at work without having to change anything every time i use it .
connect your computer with virtual hotspot created by android device . install any ftp server app on android device . it'll not give you ip of device for sure . : ) in your computer , find ip of Default Gateway of wi-fi network of step 1 ( in windows , you can use ipconfig cmd command ) . its the ip of your device . use any ftp client software on computer . use ftp://IP:Port ( port is generally configurable in ftp server app ) . enter username and password configured in ftp server app . done !
we have found a tool included in aosp debug builds called rawbu : https://github.com/geekrom/android_frameworks_base/tree/master/cmds/rawbu that does exactly what we need it to do if you push it the right way . it backs up the entire data partition of an android device , though it is outdated and crashes if not executed properly since they fused the sdcard . the default directory used by rawbu is sdcard/backup . dat but since that is fused to data/media/0 this will crash on devices ever since that change . so when running rawbu you must specify data/media/0/backup . dat as the backup and restore arguement so that it knows where to backup and restore to . since the sdcard isnt backed up , only data is , this should work on newer devices . if you do not do this , it will restore the backup . dat file to itself corrupting itself while performing the restore . cons : there are a lot of hoops to jump through that i have not tried yet ( i have only tried this on a debug build , so i have not tried building and pushing it to a release build that is been rooted . ) your phone has to be rooted for this to work . pros theoretically it works it is faster than running titanium backup on each user if you have a lot of users to backup . it also restores your phone to the exact same state you had if your phone crashes . in closing it is unfortunate that there are no good methods for backing up multiple users . however with google 's new push to make multi users a stronger feature , we can hope that the adb backup utility will be improved at some point in the near future .
the answer can be found between the lines to the question what actually happens when you swipe an app out of the recent apps list ? . there , eldarerathis quotes some trustworthy sources : [ w ] hat specifically happens when you swipe away a recent task is it : ( 1 ) kills any background or empty processes of the application ( see http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/fundamentals/processes-and-threads.html#lifecycle for what this means ) , and ( 2 ) uses the new http://developer.android.com/reference/android/app/service.html#ontaskremoved(android.content.intent) api to tell any services of the application about the task being removed so it can do whatever it thinks is appropriate . this could mean : if there are processes to be removed , they must be running -- which would be a " yes " to your question . on the other hand , if some app is listed in the recent apps list , that does not necessarily mean there was something left . " recent " means explicitly what the word suggests : the user has recently used that app . do not confuse that with alt-tab on your desktop computer , where you explicitly switch through running apps . the concept on android is completely different . so the final answer would be a " nes " or " yo " . it could be such an app has still processes running . but even if , that is nothing to worry about : unless one of them is a service , those ressources are mostly limited to ram and would be automatically freed as soon as they are required for something else . they do not eat your battery . completely unused resources are , um , unused -- that is , useless . why throw away something we might need shortly ? the user could decide to switch back to that app . so if it is still loaded , it is not only faster available -- but it even requires less ressources ( cpu , i/o ) to activate it again , as it is already there .
hey man you can use this . notification lockscreen widget ( available for free in the google play store ) . it gives following features . view all dismissible notifications including missed calls , sms , facebook notifications , gmail , etc . launch the app directly from the notifications list . combine multiple similar notifications into one notification with counter . allow full original notification content as it appears on notifications bar .
you do not need root . you also do not need a terminal , for an app to use its own private utilities . but if you want vim , terminal ide provides that , a number of other utilities ( git , ssh , tmux ) , the ability to use bash or java as a ' scripting language ' at the terminal , and the ability to create and install android apps on-device . i use terminal ide and vim quite a bit , ( but with better terminal emulator pro 's terminal , actually . )
if you can , boot into fastboot by holding down both volume keys and pressing the power key , then start recovery and do a factory reset .
why are there any apps starting when the drive is attached ? first you need some background information what is going on there . many things on android are " event-based " . that is , when " something " happens , the system issues a " broadcast " saying so . some well-known and easy-to-understand events include boot completed storage ( un ) mounted ( usually sdcard removed/inserted , or some external drive ) battery low network changed apps can register " listeners " for specific broadcast-events ( intents ) , so they get started/awakened/informed then . again some examples : media-scanner wants to know when a new storage " entity " got attached , to check for music/pictures/videos to insert into its internal database location service wants to know about network changes : if there is a new network , it might be interesting to determine the current location several apps ( far too many ) want to start at boot so obviously , your archive app has registered a listener for the storage broadcast , and similarly your app . how to get rid of that ? for your own app , you could adjust its code correspondingly . but that is no task for us here , but if needed , you can discuss that at our sister-site stackoverflow.com. for all other apps ( the following is applicable to other combinations as well ) , you will need your device to be rooted ( details can be found in the rooting tag-wiki ) . then go to the playstore and get yourself an app like e.g. autorun manager pro ( yes , for the following you will need the pro if you decide for this app . i chose it nevertheless , as it turned out to be the best in my tests a while ago ) : autorun manager ( click image to enlarge ) as you can see in the screenshot , autorun manager permits you to disable each listener an app may have registered separately . and their names are ( in most cases ) quite descriptive . so use arm , go into its " advanced mode " , look up the archive app , and check what listeners it has registered . disable the one sounding reasonable -- and your issue should be solved . you can change that anytime you want . whenever the modified app is updated , you will have to do that again . you also can simply revert all changes with two taps , as arm has a specific " restore " feature for that . ps : as you have tagged your question auto-start , you could have hovered your mouse over that tag , and select the " info " link . this will bring you to the tag wiki , where you can find most of what i just wrote ( and maybe even some additional information ) -- so i recommend reading that as well . furthermore , take it as hint for the future : many of our tag-wikis contain first-aid . and in many cases that might already be enough to solve an issue : )
lies , damned lies , and equipment specs . i can print up a lovely sticker that says it'll output 1000a . does not mean it'll output that . it is significantly cheaper to make a low-power supply than it is to make a high-power power supply . making the latter means you need a bigger transformer ( with heavier windings ) , larger capacitor ( s ) , larger inductor ( s ) and higher current rectifier ( s ) , all of which add up to more money . if you are trying to make stuff on the cheap and are not worried about pesky things like ethics , you will go with the lower end components and massage the specs ( by testing at low temperatures , etc . this is especially common with computer power supplies which specify output at 25c , even though they would actually operate at ~40c unless you are using them inside a refrigerator ) , use theoretical values rather than actually testing the product ( saving money on qa ) , or just outright lie about the specs , the latter of which is probably the case with this charger , for reasons below . one big red warning light that your charger is substandard is that the ce mark ( which is used to indicate conformance to eu standards ) is fake . the shape of the letters and their spacing is wrong . a real ce mark should have the letters each forming a half-and-a-bit circle and should link up if you continue the arc , as shown below . a cursory glance at the mark on your charger shows it looks nothing like this . the ccc mark ( indicating compliance to chinese standards ) is also fake . other warnings signs include having no manufacturer listed and improper capitalization ( should be ma , not ma , unless they are claiming is can supply a billion amps . ) . in essence , to determine if a charger is likely to be substandard , apply the same thoughts as you would for determining whether a product is counterfeit . the only real difference between a substandard product and most counterfeits is whether a manufacturer 's label is forged or not .
i fixed by giving the mobile calendar the same name as its called on google . . .
check for a security notification under the notifications . i missed it at first on my tablet .
i do not think you can . the site is supporting the mobile-web-app-capable view which means chrome displays it like an app , hides the address bar and it integrates into the recent apps menu as though it was a ' normal ' app . i do not believe there is a way to exit fullscreen when using a bookmark to a site like this . for those who are unsure what the op is referring to , http://weight.aerotwist.com/ is a site that supports this ' app ' mode . if you browse to the site in chrome and chose the menu option " add to home screen " this adds a ' bookmark ' to your home screen which when used launches the site in chrome in app mode . see here for more details .
if you had adb debugging enabled , there is an easy way to do this using the sdk . all you have to do is connect the device to the computer while it is booting , and type : adb shell su mount -o remount,rw /system rm -rvf /system/libskia.so mv /system/libskia.so-back /system/libskia.so  to get the adb binary you will have to download the android sdk , or google ' android mini sdk ' . if you did not have usb debugging enabled , then the only thing you can do is flash a new rom . you would have to install cwm recovery , and find a rom for your device . if your device has fastboot you can easily flash a recovery file that has been made for your device by using the fastboot flash recovery &lt;recovery .img file path&gt; .
for some reason i assumed that sms functionality was integral to the phone , not the os , and so it would be reliant on carrier configurations and settings . as a result , i automatically went looking for some kind of solution that involved roms or kernels and whatnot . however , it turns out that there are sms apps available on google play , and i was able to solve this by simply using an app other than the default . in my case , i chose handcent . sms works perfectly fine . so it was only the default sms app that was the problem , not anything more fundamental .
in this case an os upgrade solved the issue . for someone in a similar situation without an os upgrade ( or other fix ) in sight , it might be worth taking a look at vcard manager ( which claims to be able to open all types of vcards ) or contacts vcf , which says to open any .vcf file : vcard manager and contacts vcf ( source : google play ; click images for larger variants )
lbe works on jellybean -- just not the version you install from the playstore . the boot-loop problem is a known issue ( so nobody can understand why the developer did not even place a note on the app 's playstore page ) . on xda you can find multiple threads discussing this issue , and at least one of them also holds modified versions of lbe to download . take e.g. a look at : [ app ] lbe security manager v4.3.2738 ( this is a new version only released in chinese -- but some xda members provide a translated version here ) [ app ] [ root ] lbe privacy guard - most powerful privacy protection app for android [ app ] lbe privacy guard v2 is now available alternatives to lbe would include : pdroid privacy protection pdroid manager ( open-source alternative to it )
reinstall cm with minimal gapps , your /system folder is most probably full due to gapps-kk taking up too much space . http://goo.im/devs/banks/gapps/4.4.3
found a solution myself . the problem was that the adb and fastboot tools in the htc sync program did not work . i solved it by downloading the android sdk , installing platform-tools , removing htc sync from the path variable and adding the platform-tools directory in its place .
you need to install the speech synthesis data for the tts engine . you can find it on the play store here .
launch chrome in the overflow menu , choose Settings under basics , tap the entry for your account disconnect the account ; you will be warned that the data will remain but you will lose your synchronization tap Sign in to Chrome at the bottom of the screen choose the account you want to use for synchronizing obviously for this to work you will need to have already added the account to your phone .
the steps you have to take are the following ones : expand the list of recent labels , but this time tap the option show all labels . this will take you to the list of all your labels , in whose bottom you will see the option manage labels : tap there . in the list of labels , tap the one you want to be notified about . by default that label has label sync and notify disabled . tap the option sync messages it will open a popup dialog with sync options . choose and tap one different to sync : none . the above will enable the notifications , now you can choose its options according the way you want to be notified . exit the label options for changes to be applied . from now on , you will receive notifications about unread messages for that label too ( in jelly bean , you will see the extended notification , as with inbox emails ) . you will be able to open the email message tapping on that notification .
finally found solution via editing /data/data/com.android.providers.settings/databases/settings.db file via sqlite3 . just adb pull that file to your computer , if you use stock recovery you must mount userdata partition manually , in that case see android adb shell recovery mounting for hints . also you can not just pull the file directly but copy it inside adb shell to your sdcard or some intermediary filesystem . eg . busybox cp sett* /sdcard to get rid of the initial setup : yes , the device_provisioned must be present in both tables . however on the stock jb there was no global table , so you do not need to take care of it and the secure table is missing some records we update here so these need to be inserted instead . on stock jb before editing the settings . db run PRAGMA wal_checkpoint and PRAGMA journal_mode = DELETE described here : stackexchange-url otherwise updates on existing rows will not take effect because android will rollback on reboot . for cyanogenmod 11 just delete the settings . db-journal file and it should be ok . it was neccessary after pushing the settings . db file back to folder on device to chmod 660 settings.db chown system:system settings.db  in this order , because chmod may set the owner and group back to root usb otg mouse is still not working sadly , so i guess i must get access for adb anyway . to enable usb debugging ( adb ) : setprop persist.service.adb.enable 1 ('setprop persist.sys.usb.config mtp,adb' if needed)  settings . db : update secure set value=5037 where name='adb_port'; update global set value=1 where name='adb_enabled';  after booting dialog to confirm pc 's fingerprint appears . to avoid this get your adbkey . pub ( on linux may be located at ~/ . android ) : adb push adbkey.pub /data/misc/adb/adbkey.pub cat adbkey.pub &gt;&gt; adb_keys  after all of this you can input tap|swipe|text anything to control your phone and get access for bluetooth or otg mouse/keyboard etc . i hope this helps . the fingerprint injection is needed for android 4.2.2+ . thanks to xda-developers and android issues with adb security at code.google.com.
the only way to reduce this number is to remove contacts . now this could be setting apps like twitter and facebook to not sync contacts . but if you have pictures for everyone , it is going to increase the amount of storage as well .
your contacts should all be backed up to the google account you registered your phone with , provided that you are saving your contacts to google and not your sim card . check to make sure that you are using google as your default contact list , and that syncing for contacts for that account is checked . update : you can use titanium backup to migrate settings between rom wipes for other apps/contacts .
if you have not tried this yet , i think you should try syncing your device . to sync the device , you tap on the settings button on the top right and select sync .
.Trash-1000 is a metafolder like windows 's recycle bin , normally created by ubuntu ( and perhaps other linux variants ) . have you deleted anything on your sd card from your pc ? that would explain it . you can safely delete it . see also : http://superuser.com/questions/169980/what-is-trash-and-trash-1000
try screebl - it makes use of the internal sensor to determine whether the phone 's vertical and turns the screen on/off during a call according to the options specified .
i think that you have mis-interpreted for applications and all in-app products that you choose to sell on google play to mean all purchases made through apps distributed via google play rather than purchases made using the google play store . when you use the ebay app they do not take payment via google play and therefore do not need to pay google 30% . having said that . . . as mentioned by dan hulme the google play terms prohibit using other payment mechanisms for purchases that are are entirely within the app ( i.e. . excluding magazine subscriptions , other kinds of downloadable content , and purchases of physical goods ) app purchases : developers charging for apps and downloads from google play must do so by using google play 's payment system . in-app purchases : developers offering virtual goods or currencies within a game downloaded from google play must use google play 's in-app billing service as the method of payment . developers offering additional content , services or functionality within another category of app downloaded from google play must use google play 's in-app billing service as the method of payment , except : where payment is primarily for physical goods or services ( e . g . , buying movie tickets , or buying a publication where the price also includes a hard copy subscription ) ; or where payment is for digital content or goods that may be consumed outside of the app itself ( e . g . , buying songs that can be played on other music players ) .
not very active if you use apps like alogcat . the permissions system regarding to logs was changed with jelly bean : the permission to read logs " read_logs " is now systemorsignature , which means that an app that is not signed with the rom/system key can only view its own log . you can still view the full android log with adb logcat from the sdk . i think that this was a long overdue change in the log system .
i used spanning , which was perfect . took care of the whole thing . why google does not have this functionality is beyond me .
languages support i guess , plus the build number targets the specific si numbers found underneath the battery hence the differences between them , however minor they may be , to target the region itself .
i would recommend switching to k-9 mail if the default email app can not handle this . in k-9 mail , once you have set up your account , long-press it and select Account settings -&gt; Folders . on this page you can change the Drafts folder , Sent folder , Spam folder and Trash folder to your preferred ones .
you can create a screen shortcut for " home " or any location you use often . long-press on the home screen , select the shortcuts option , and scroll down to get a directions option . you will be prompted for an address , which can be either specific or general . choose car , public transit , or walking directions , ensure " turn-by-turn navigation " is checked , and give it a short name , like " home " . now you have a shortcut which will quickly get the directions you want from wherever you are . you can also " star " locations on the map that you use often . you can also use contacts to quickly get addresses for navigation . were you to have a " home " entry in your contact list , you could simply use the voice command " navigate to home " .
it looks like it is possible with root . here is the relevant thread on how to do it ( after you are rooted ) . and how to get root here .
to answer you questions : could this be caused by the screen protector ? possibly . take the screen protector off and see if the problem persists . my screen protector does not affect the functioning of my screen at all . this is going to depend on the particular screen protector ( i am sure there are cheap , bad ones ) and the particular phone ( they all have different screens and some have calibrations , some dont , some have screen sensitivity adjustment options , some do not ) . is there any noticeable benefit of using screen protector ? or are they just a waste of time and money ? yes there is a benefit , they protect the screen , and no they are not a waste of money . i have scratched/scuffed the hell out of my screen protector and all i had to do was remove it , and put a new one on and my phone was as good as new . had i not had a screen protector my phone would be unusable now , so for just a few dollars and no performance cost my phones screen is as pristine as the day i got the phone . that being said , my job and my lifestyle tend to put the phone through a lot of abuse ; o ) my recommendation : take the screen protector off and go from there . if that does not work and it is under warranty , bring it back . there are so many factors that can affect the touchscreen because it is the basis for all inputs and outputs of the device and troubleshooting can take a while . i would be surprised if it was the humidity or heat difference between indoor and out , but there are a number of different things that can change from indoor to out and if theres a bug , they may be affecting how your phone operates : gps , wifi , reception , auto-brightness sensor . this correlation could also be a coincidence . it could be a particular app that is not playing nice with android and your phones firmware . you will need to to systematically isolate the conditions that affect the problems with your screen and the ones that do not , but ultimately it could just turn out to be a bad unit .
google maps navigation is currently available in the united states , canada , uk , ireland , austria , belgium , denmark , france , germany , italy , the netherlands , portugal , spain , and switzerland .
yes , they have separate lists - you can uninstall from the tablet or phone without affecting the other device .
browsing around forums and sites i found out the following answers to my doubts . i am not completely satisfied but it helped understand more . every device 's power management depends on some suspend/resume policies that are implemented in the firmware controlling that particular device . this is very device dependent : how and when each device turns off ( suspends itself ) and wakes up ( resumes ) depends on the hw specifications , you have to read the datasheets to understand which particular registries must be manipulated to suspend/resume it . you can control this stuff via software in the drivers of the devices , inside of the kernel 's source code , by accessing some funcions in the form &lt;something&gt;_suspend and &lt;something&gt;_resume . e.g. from the source code of the kernel of the emulator " goldfish": in file drivers/video/goldfishfb.c ( the driver responsible for the frame buffer ) so the early_suspend writes a 1 in the register FB_SET_BLANK to turn off the screen , or a 0 to turn it back on . so it seems to me that a process in the application execution environment needs to access and corrupt the devices drivers to manipulate maliciously power management of a device .
there are a few points to note on this . not all of them will help you on your issue , but at least explain things or point you to helpful information : some devs explain in their apps ' descriptions what they need those permissions for , others do so at least on the corresponding web sites ( e . g . in the faq ) . if they missed that , contact them and ask to have that gap filled . phone id + internet is required by most ad modules . to avoid that , check for payed versions . android apps are not really expensive , and of course devs like to be compensated for their work . the average price of 1 buck should be worth it . no real issue with the accounts stuff . for explanations , please take a look at what can an app do with the “use accounts on the device” permission ? what does permission “manage_accounts” mean ? i agree that a game rarely has a good reason to access your contacts , calendar , call lists , browser history , and bookmarks . my guess in those cases is , that in ~80% the dev simply made a " bad decision " concerning the ad module chosen ( there are some really bordering spyware ) . again , contact the dev and ask . according to a study i read a while ago , about 60% of the devs are not even aware of that issue ; being approached , they were open for alternatives ( unfortunately i do not remember the source currently ) . i also agree concerning phone calls , and even sms . they might be used for in-app purchases , but i do not think this is a good practice . further good sources can be found in our permissions tag-wiki .
good question . i believe the answer has been recently changing , because while i was initially under the same impression as saintwacko ( thinking the cutoff was 25 mb ) i have been unable to find any google documentation defining such a limit . what i have found is that the maximum apk ( app ) size is 50 mb . developers can also choose to use up to two apk expansion files to be downloaded along with with the app 's apk , each of which can be up to 2 gb . even for these larger expansion files , though , i could find no mention of wi-fi only download restrictions ( unless explicitly required by the developer ) . i remember seeing the wi-fi download flag you mention on some larger apps that i use personally , but today i have gone back to those same apps and do not see that flag . as best i can tell this policy has changed .
download spare parts . when in the app , tap " battery history " , then in the first dropdown select " gps usage " . in the second dropdown select whichever you want to see ( "since last unplugged " , " total since boot " , or " total in all time" ) and you should see which apps have accessed the gps .
the hub 's power should only go to the hub 's slave ports , not through the master port back to the phone but even if the hub uses an odd design , the most it would do is feed the phone 5v and however much amperage it will accept , same as with any bog standard wall charger . so in short , there is no risk to your phone .
this should get you started . please , carefully check your versions to make sure the files you use are intended for your phone .
auto mount your sd card should do that for you : automatically mount your sd card . quit manually mounting your sd card every time you plug your phone into your computer . i used that one one of my phones when i still connected it frequently via usb , and it did its job wonderfully . the app is available for free on the playstore , so nothing to lose : )
yes ! you should be able to clear the stock app from being the default calendar app by following these steps : go to the phone settings select apps scroll to the right two screen , to the ' all ' section scroll down until you can find calendar , click on it scroll down the page and click the ' clear defaults ' button next time anything wants to use the calendar , you will be able to select which program you wish to use .
install widgetlocker locksscreen . using it , you can put high no . of apps on lockscreen .
i do not see a way to do it on my droid . i am going to say that it is not possible with the stock calendar .
the spec is simply listed ( on htc 's website ) as such : memory rom : 512 mb ram : 384 mb expansion slot 8 gb microsd™ memory card ( supports up to 32 gb ) the above link is for the us cellular variant , but the c spire version has the same memory specs ( the only real difference between variants is supported bands , afaik ) . gsm arena also reports " microsd up to 32gb " . generally speaking , android devices support any sd card that properly complies with the sd spec . there are no " special " cards for devices - any will do .
i do not think there is a way android will work on itunes natively . i would suggest look at media players that sync with the itunes program itself i have not tried this but http://www.winamp.com has this feature for a while and is free . its also mac http://www.winamp.com/mac os x 10.6 and above http://blog.winamp.com/2010/11/30/sync-your-itunes-library-to-android-with-winamp/ the media you talked about that is streaming will hopefully be synced into winamp through playlists , however if this does not work that is a whole other question and may be different from stream to stream . http://www.clementine-player.org/ is a good free opensource alternative for windows etc that syncs with android players quitewell and has many streaming features built in . if your itunes is stuck on a powerpc you might not have a choice but to backup your itunes library and restore it to another computer . so on your itunes on your old powerpc backup the library to some removable media to restore on your windows itunes http://support.apple.com/kb/ht1382?viewlocale=en_us there are also other methods here http://support.apple.com/kb/ht4527 it all depends on your setup and needs .
the line down the middle points to this being a problem with the screen 's backlight . the backlight illuminates the screen from behind : the screen itself is essentially a coloured filter , which you would not be able to see without a light source . from the excessive brightness i would say it is possible the backlight has been receiving too much voltage from the rest of the system . this could have been caused by a problem in the drivers for the screen . in normal use , they control the voltage to the backlight in order to make the screen brighter or dimmer , but it could be that in this case a bug made them supply too much voltage . the backlight is actually in two halves , which can be independently controlled ( but usually are not ) : the line down the middle appears if they are not quite receiving the same voltage . if the problem went away on its own , there is probably nothing to worry about , but there is a small risk that the extra voltage may have permanently damaged the backlight . normally i would expect a voltage regulator to turn it off completely before getting to dangerous levels , but only the manufacturer would know for sure . as it is still in warranty , you should check with them . ( they may also be interested to investigate this to avoid the problem happening again to anyone else . ) you say there is still a little whiteness around the edge of the screen when it is on but entirely black : this is normal for backlit lcd screens . it happens because the blackest black the screen can display does not quite manage to filter out all the light . the filtering is worst around the edge of the screen because that is where the light comes through at an angle ( and on some displays because the light leaks around the outside of the screen ) . you probably just did not notice it before because you were not looking for it .
when you circle someone in google+ , it also adds them in the " other contacts " in google contacts . simply de-select " other contacts " in the contacts app to remove these contacts from your view .
it turned out it was a faulty usb port on the phone . i have since purchased a new phone and everything works as expected on the new one .
in facebook , you can change the notification sound from facebook > menu > settings > notification ringtone . i assume it would be the same for messenger , never used it though
rim only make blackberry os for their own specially-designed hardware , they do not release their os to be installed on other people 's hardware . however the new blackberry playbook ( running their brand new qnx os ) can run android apps as well as blackberry apps , i do not think there are any phones running their new os yet , but they will be coming soon . so that could do some of what you want to do with dual booting ? phones designed for symbian often have much lower hardware specs than ones designed for android , so you are going to struggle to get android running on them . see this previous question is it possible to get android on a nokia e65 ? phones designed for windows mobile and windows phone 7 , however are a different matter . they do ( mostly ) have high enough specs , and a lot of the time are almost identical hardware-wise to android phones from the same manufacturer . in these cases all that is needed is for someone to spend some time gathering ( or writing ) android hardware drivers for the specific hardware in the phone , and then porting an android build onto them . there are a few websites that co-ordinate projects to get android running on these phones , xda devs being one of the biggest . see this previous question which does overlap with this one by quite a bit can i install android on my non-android device ?
as mentioned in comments , i also have a nexus 4 ( 4.2.2 ) and it daydreams ok when charging ( usb to wall charger ) when set to sleep after 15 seconds . " daydreaming " is triggered when the device goes to sleep ( or when sleep mode would normally be triggered ) . it would seem that if the " stay awake " option is checked in " developer options " then sleep mode is never triggered and the device never daydreams . so , the solution is to uncheck the " stay awake " option . " daydream " is like a conditional stay-awake option . the screen does not switch off and for this reason a device can only be set to daydream when it is connected to a power source .
download root checker and see if phone is still rooted . if it is not rooted anymore , re-root your phone .
i achieve on this using tasker . for the apps in the sd card i created a profile with the context events -> hardware -> card mounted and it loads all apps i want . for the apps in the phone i created a profile with the context events -> system -> device boot and it loads all apps i want . note : the first thing you must do before anything in both of this contexts is wait a few seconds . in the " card mounted " event is to let android load all the apps installed in the memory ( i am guessing ) and in the " device boot " is because after booting android is too busy doing important stuff ( i am quoting tasker guys ) .
the advanced audio distribution profile ( a2dp ) is a source/sink configuration . in an normal scenario , you have a source ( for example , and android phone ) and a sink ( bluetooth headset/speakers ) . but in your case , the android phone would have to act as a sink to the dumbphone source . this is not currently supported , even though the phone supports the a2dp profile . one solution would be to install a custom bluetooth stack , which defines which profiles are supported on the device . this would additionally require a software component that can bypass the android framework and use the stack directly , since the framework lacks a2dp sink support . so far , no such modifications can be found .
i went for swiftkey . still waiting for czech language dictionary though :- )
you can use their official update software , it has been called " pc companion " the last time i used it : boot your phone to flashmode ( see also how do i turn on flashmode in sony ericsson ray ? ) update/restore it with pc companion this is mostly for modding , so it will not be that useful to you : you can also flash a . ftf file of your choice ( official or a custom mod ) with flashtool , note however that you need to unlock the bootloader before your phone will boot a mod with an unoriginal kernel . i have however no idea where to find an original firmware image for your xperia play/r800i , you might need to google for that yourself .
you can move any apps to sdcard if you are rooted . there are apps on the market for it move2sd enabler and app swap better yet , if you are using custom roms ( e . g . cyanogenmod ) , some of them have settings to allow you to migrate any apps . you might want to check those out first if you are using custom rom . if you want to do it manually ( not recommended for pregnant man , or those currently having a heart attack ) , then you can use terminal emulator or adb to run a few fairly standard set of linux/unix commands . the mount command can rebind any folder in your filesystem another location in the filesystem . alternatively , you may also create symbolic links using the ln command . see the mount and ln manual for this .
upgrade to android 4.2 that fixed the problem to me and the original poster . i was getting an average of approximately 100 disconnections per day , in about three weeks . since upgrade a few days ago , there were only 7 disconnections , even with google 's location service enabled . i think the firmware update 15.0 . a . 1.31 ( based on android 4.1.2 ) introduced the problem , but anyway we confirm that it is fixed in 15.3 . a . 0.26 ( the upgrade to android 4.2.2 ) . original answer yes , i am having the same problem on my xperia l . there are other reports on the web and one of them mentioned a solution that mostly fixed the wi-fi instability in my case : settings > location services > google 's location service > disable . i was experiencing annoying disconnections about every minute , even with my gps turned off . thus i am not sure if gps satellites on that same screen would trigger the problem as well , but you may want to disable the former or both of them . disabling google 's location service mostly fixed it because there are still moments where connection gets dropped . they are hard to track down but going to wi-fi settings seems to drop connection quite often . as for the cause of the problem , what is your build number ? mine is 15.0 . a . 1.31 , and i am using android 4.1.2 as well , both of which are the latest updates available for me . i have applied this build update a few weeks ago , and i have noticed a few days ago that google 's location service was for some reason disabled , and then i enabled it . so it could be that this new build update has introduced the problem . i wonder if usage time could be related as well , in which case a factory reset could maybe help ( but i think i saw someone saying it did not ) . i would not be surprised if the wi-fi component is just raising some NullPointerException on certain situations ( location service in use , wi-fi settings , etc . ) and then recovering from it , causing the connection to be restarted . anyway , i read these days about a new build update available for xperia l , but i think it is not available here in brazil yet . i have also reported the problem on sony mobile 's forum .
i think the easiest way is to use gnex toolkit : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1392310
it is because apple has to look only over its iphone models , which are less in number . also ios is more efficient ( runs well on old hardware ) . and google also had claimed that kitkat will support low-on hardware devices well , and it does . but the problem with galaxy nexus is that texas instruments , its soc manufacturer has discontinued socs and probably even supporting them , so google had to discontinue software support for it , because the soc manufacturer has an important role in an android upgrade . it approves the software and also provides some essential drivers , and that was not obtained in the case of galaxy nexus , so it did not get an official update from google . if you are interested in running android 4.4 on your gnexus you can look to custom roms like cyanogenmod , omnirom , paranoid android etc . this will require you to unlock bootloader and root your phone .
you can connect your android device to your plasma television with an hdmi cable . ( though i would not suggest buying it from ebay . ) 1 sound should come from your television , i will bet . make sure the android hdmi adapter is compatible with your device first .
as it turns out , my sd card was failing . i have since replaced it and all pictures are fine thus far .
the explanation is simple , as i have suspected , there is a verification mis-match in the build.prop , see below , the ro.build.fingerprint contains this google/soju/crespo:2.3.4/grj22/121341:user/release-keys but the update performed a verification check on the fingerprint which resulted in mis-match and there-by producing Error code 7 . notice the last few lines of the recovery.log , i.e. the update was expecting the handset to have this version of gingerbread - google/soju/crespo:2.3.6/grk39f/189904:user/release-keys or expecting ice cream sandwich google/soju/crespo:4.0.3/iml74k/239410:user/release-keys this is meaning , that the version of gingerbread on your handset is too old for the update to work . ( its gingerbread 2.3.4 that is on it ! ) am not 100% sure how this recovery is showing the fingerprint as gb 2.3.4 if the op states in the comments that the handset is running ics 4.0.1 so to resolve the issue , you need to flash to gingerbread v 2.3.6 ice cream sandwich v . 4.0.3 first , then apply the update and it should work then . edit it transpires the op is running ics v . 4.0.1 , the update script was performing a check for either 2.3.6 or 4.0.3 which is something that i have missed inadvertently .
it just works , no need to wipe . you do not need to wipe , according to a blog post on cyanogenmod 's google plus channel : upgrading from cm10 to cm10.1 as you may have noticed , we started updating some devices from cm10 ( android 4.1 ) to 10.1 ( android 4.2 ) during the weekend . the upgrade process has been tested extensively for the older devices ( manta and mako did not have that problem since they started out with 10.1 ) , so you should be able to update directly without losing any data . the single application known not to work is the clock : our changes to 4.1 's clock to add the stopwatch and timer in cm10 are not compatible with google 's own implementation of those features in 4.2 ( which we are using in cm10.1 ) ; if your clock starts crashing after upgrading to 10.1 , simply go into the settings -> apps menu , choose clock from the all tab , and hit " clear data " .
i only could reset the phone . . cannot remove the encryption .
it sounds to me like you want to keep a rooted version of the nook os ( which will have to be rebooted to run non-bn apps ) ( quoted from the cyanogenmod wiki ) prior to rooting the barnes and noble nook color , it is recommend you register it with the barnes and noble . setting up unooter in order to properly flash an unooter image to a sd card , you will need to use an usb card adapter or have an internal sd card slot on the computer . writing the unooter image to the sd card will wipe it , backup anything of value and/or importance elsewhere . download the unooter image : unooter : http://cmw.22aaf3.com/encore/root/unooter.zip md5: 4e1e7be9939aaef43d3a1d04cb17b2cd unzip the unooter zipfile . write the unooter image to the sd card : windows due to windows not having the ability to write images to drives , you will need win32diskimager to accomplish this . latest version should be fine . http://launchpad.net/win32-image-writer/+download insert the sd card you are going to use to write the unooter image to . open win32diskimager . select the downloaded and extracted unooter image with the folder button . select the drive letter for the sd card . write the unooter image . linux insert the sd card you are going to use to write the unooter image to . on the computer , open up terminal and navigate the directory where the extracted unooter image is located . once in the same directory as the unooter image , type the following commands : umount /dev/ note : is the device file associated with the sd card , e.g. , sdc or mmcblk0 , and not the mount point , e.g. , sdc1 or mmcblk0p1 . dd if=unooter . img of=/dev/ bs=1m mac os x insert the sd card you are going to use to write the unooter image to . on the computer , open up terminal and navigate the directory where the extracted unooter image is located . once in the same directory as the unooter image , type the following commands : diskutil list note : this will help you identify the sd card . make sure it is the sd card and not one of the hard drives of the computer . diskutil unmountdisk /dev/ note : is the device file associated with the sd card , e.g. disk2 . dd if=unooter . img of=/dev/ bs=1m the unooter image is now setup on the sd card . continue to the next section . gaining root access power off the barnes and noble nook color . also if the device is connected to a computer , disconnect it . insert the newly setup unooter sd card into the barnes and noble nook color . connect the barnes and noble nook color to the computer . this will trigger the barnes and noble nook color to power on ( the screen will remain off ) and allow unooter to root the device . this screen is black for up to ten minutes . the computer will see a new usb device . windows : the computer may complain about missing drivers . simply cancel through them at this time . linux : the barnes and noble nook color will show up the computer as a rndis ethernet device . you may ignore this . mac os x : the barnes and noble nook color will show up as an additional ethernet device . just cancel when you see the dialog box pop up . once this occurs , disconnect the barnes and noble nook color from the computer . the barnes and noble nook color may restart itself . if it restarts normal , continue to the next step . if it does not , power it off , remove the sd card and power it back on normal . at this point the barnes and noble nook color is rooted . two notes from my experience : use a small sd card , as you will not be able to reuse it . i recommend going to the cyanogenmod wiki , setting up clockwordmod , and installing google apps , as this will not activate adb . sorry , not enough reputation to post the link .
you should contact gameloft . they officially support the acer liquid for that game , and thus should be able to help you ( or at least take a bug report ) . they do not specify which versions of the liquid they support , so it could just be that they have not tested on the metal .
i would expect it to have an impact on both . an odexed app is optimized , not just precompiled . android runs on a huge variety of hardware , so platform-specific optimizations could result in significant performance gains .
i found that number saver is the closest to a solution . it adds an icon to the notification area when on call and will even automatically switch to speakers when run during a call
yes . do not worry . it usually restore in the same location . even if it does not it is not supposed to cause problems . you can always move them .
battery level estimation is usually performed by a special “fuel gauge” chip ; different phone models use different chips . e.g. , samsung gt-i8150 ( galaxy w ) , according to the kernel config , uses the maxim max17043 chip , which , according to its datasheet , does not have any inputs to measure the current — it has only a battery voltage sensor . according to the manufacturer 's description , this chip uses “a sophisticated li+ battery-modeling scheme , called modelgauge™ to track the battery’s relative state-of-charge ( soc ) continuously over a widely varying charge/discharge profile” . some information is available in the datasheet , but details of this “modelgauge” scheme do not seem to be publicly available . btw , the driver used for samsung galaxy w seems to apply some corrections to the charge level returned by the max17043 chip , so probably the estimation performed by the chip is not ideal . other fuel gauge chips ( e . g . , max17047 ) measure both voltage and current , and sometimes also the battery temperature . such chips can probably provide a more precise estimation of the battery charge level . again , the datasheet does not provide all details of the used method . however , even if the fuel gauge chip used in a particular phone can measure the current , accessing that information from android might be impossible for several reasons : the chip might just use the current measurement internally and not expose it to the outside . this is not the case with max17047 — it has registers holding current measurement values , which can be read over the i2c bus . the kernel driver for the fuel gauge chip might not have code to expose the current measurement information to user applications . even if the kernel driver makes the current measurement information available ( e . g . , through some sysfs file ) , android does not have a standard api for such sensors — neither batterymanager nor sensor have anything appropriate for an electrical current sensor . therefore the currentwidget app that you have found may work only on some models for which the developer has information about accessing this nonstandard sensor .
i have installed the application " barcode scanner " from here https://market.android.com/details?id=com.google.zxing.client.android to install an application , i open the " barcode scanner " application and hold the phone up to the barcode . it scans and decodes it automatically and then gives me the option to " open brower " . i click on that and it eventually leads me to the android market when i am given the option to install the application .
well , i have wound up using alternativeto .netto specify alternatives to a specific browser , and limiting the results to android . it is not perfect , but it is actually very workable . it gives me a list that is fairly comprehensive , gives me an idea of user base numbers , and also includes enough at-a-glance information to help me a bit .
the model does not matter , but the protocol does . the currently dominant standard is the qi standard ( pronounced " chi" ) developed by the wireless power consortium . this is the standard used by the nexus 4 , 5 , and 7 , as well as the galaxy s4 , and several htc , motorola , and nokia devices . other less used standards include duracell 's powermat system and the touchstone system used by palm and hp . none of these protocols are intercompatible . as a general rule , anything qi should work with anything else qi , however it may not work well . there are numerous shoddy charging pads on the market and the one you linked is probably one of them . it appears identical to one i purchased and it does not function well . the range is poor ( it will not charge through a case of any kind ) and it charges very slowly . i can not speak for the quality of the receiver they offer though .
is your card working ? can you put it back in your phone and access it ? if yes , do not " fix " it .
i would start by trying the android contributors google group . here is a thread on reviewing googles own catalan translation work , for example .
the official sony answer for my question ( i did not alter it ) : in regard to your question about if the smartwatch that you purchased if can be use with any regular blueatooth headset and im going to use the same example that you put the samsung bluetooth headset , it might be compatible but is not warranty that is going to work with every single fuction of it do to the fact that the smartwatch is build to work with sony devices .
i can recommend https://www.dropbox.com/ at the moment i have it on ubuntu , windows 7 , mac os x and also on htc desire hd
specific solution for my problem is to install rescan sd application from market and launch it after uploading music through webdav .
if you have a working cwm or 2e recovery you can flash darky 's with it just fine from a stock rom . if you have a lagfix , particularly the ext2 oclf , be sure to undo it first . ( it appears darky 's uses the voodoo ext4 lagfix , so no need to disable voodoo beforehand . see is the voodoo lagfix compatible with darky&#39 ; s rom ? ) note that your data will be wiped unless you are already using darky 's , as per the xda thread .
each app on android stores its data on internal storage by default , below the /data/data/&lt;package_name&gt; directory . due to the sandbox princip , except the app itself and root nobody has access to that if not explicitly defined otherwise by the developer ( e . g . skype currently has a serious security flaw giving everybody read/write access to all its data , including plain-text passwords ) . so no , you will not be able to get access to the database , which most likely is located in the /data/data/nl.sogeti.android.gpstracker/databases/ directory without having root access to your device . as for your second question : you are assuming correctly . as you do not have access to the developers certificate ( for good reasons ) , you cannot " update " the original app with your modified version . you would have to uninstall and then re-install -- or giving your modified version a different package name . in both cases , you will not have access to the original apps data .
you have a prety good tutorial right here : [ gt-i9070 ] [ root ] rooting your galaxy s advance without increasing the binary counter
the most frequently used site for downloading google 's proprietary bits is goo . im ( formerly goo-inside . me ) . however it can be a little confusing as it list all version so i recommend you check out this rootzwiki page as it list the recommended versions as well as the changelogs .
not all rfid systems are compatible with nfc . nfc uses an rf frequency of 13.56 mhz ( so-called hf ) , but there are other common rfid systems that use frequencies in the range of 100-150 khz ( so-called lf ) or 860-960 mhz ( so-called uhf ) . your key may belong to an lf or uhf system . another possibility is that your key is part of an hf system , but uses a command set or an rf modulation scheme that is not compatible with nfc .
i expect the same way as any other update . Menu | Settings | About phone | System updates if it tells you that " your system is currently up to date " then your carrier has not released the update for your phone yet . ( they usually do staggered rollouts so as not to overload anything . )
samsung 's kies software only works with samsung phones running official samsung roms . the only way to get kies working with your phone would be to put an official samsung released os version onto it again .
i asked google . this was their response . thanks for writing in . i understand you would like to know how to choose what account in app purchases are billed to . i apologize for any frustration this has caused . when you go to make an in app purchase the purchase is going to be billed to what ever account was used to download the app the purchase is going through .
your device is not rooted at all . without su binary , you can not assume command as root .
what sticks out to me is that your battery status says " not charging " instead of discharging . i feel like your phone may recognize that the charger is plugged in , but may have some error in the battery/phone itself . i feel like your phone may just be translating the charger power directly into the phone itself , and is not able to charge the battery . if this is the case , it is a hardware issue . sorry that there is not much you can do .
the android implementation of talk-to-text sends your voice to google 's servers , parses your speech into text , then sends the text string back to the handset . without access to the internet , it is unable to transmit your voice data to their servers .
each user account has its own lockscreen settings , so the easiest way to do this is to simply use a password lockscreen for each user . in fact , you can use entirely different lockscreen security for one user than you do for another ( e . g . one could use a pattern , one a pin , one a slide lock , etc ) . to set this up , select a user and unlock the device , then go into settings => security => screen lock and select the " password " option ( you could also use pin or pattern , of course ) . set the desired password , then lock the device . repeat this process for each of the other user accounts to set up individualized passwords for each one .
in short , never ever back up system apps and settings from one handset and restore to another , that is exactly what happens ! : ) mismatches with system app 's key signature conflicts with another 's rom 's key signature , and variants of settings as well may not exist on the other , all of those can lead to breakages such as what the op is experiencing . the only way to get that back , is to perform a factory reset to restore everything back to its original state .
usually this happens when the device is set back to default manufacturing date . reset the date to current date and everything will work fine .
as far as i know , swype only comes in two sets : full ( all languages ) and a english/spanish set . however , there is a hidden feature : you can swype from the swype key to the q key to switch between your current language and the last language you used .
you might want to use some package inspector like e.g. app detective to see what receivers the app in question has set up . most likely it is acting on some broadcast , such as e.g. " sdcard mounted " , to check for media , or " network changed " to check for other dlna services . if your device is rooted , you might be interested in apps like rom toolbox or autorun manager , which allow you to disable selected receivers , or even freeze the entire app . without root , you can try whether that app can be disabled in settings → apps . it is either running for nothing or ( these days it is no longer called " paranoia" ) working for somebody else , if you do not use it yourself .
i have done sort of the reverse -- installed a us t-mobile rom to my t-mobile phone while i had it on the canadian rogers network . since the legend is also a gsm phone like my vibrant , i would expect yours to work just as well as mine did . just make sure you have your sim card in for the whole process .
i would try editing extras\google\usb_driver\android_winusb.inf in the android sdk so that it recognizes your device . the file should have a section like this that you can extend : if you go into the windows device manager and view the properties for your device , you should see the id you need . for example , my vibrant says USB\VID_04E8&amp;PID_681C under device ids and has 3 entries with that and &amp;MI_00 , &amp;MI_02 , and &amp;MI_03 appended under bus relations . i would therefore add this to the . inf file : you should also reboot into the bootloader , recovery mode , etc . and see if that provides more ids . i know my vibrant installs new drivers the first time it is connected in each mode , so likely there are more entries needed . then just update the driver and select this . inf file . i think once you have done that then the usb mass storage drivers and so on will be auto-installed when you mount the device to the pc , but if not you could probably extend this process for that .
indeed . since you are rooted , i suggest you use the freeware sytrant . it also allows you to choose which time server you wish to sync from as well as allowing a user to specify a daily interval at which the time can be updated automatically .
if you have a wireless lan and you just want to copy files around while the phone can still access the card then the simplest way is to install an ftp server on your phone like https://market.android.com/details?id=lutey.ftpserver there are probably similar solutions using bluetooth , 3g , etc .
changing the starting day for mobile data is indeed non-obvious . you need to enable the mobile data connection ( 2g/3g ) before the options are available : enable mobile data . exit the data usage settings app . tap the spinner below the set mobile data limit checkbox . tap change cycle . . . . change date of each month ( i prefer the first day of the month , 1 ) hit set . undo mobile data if necessary ( e . g . if on wi-fi ) .
use an app such as " better battery stats . " this app provides detailed information about all the services running . this is way better than the stock app for diagnostics . additionally , a lot of the core services for the system are attributed as part of the " android os " . there is a very particular bug in samsung galaxy sii devices relating to the touchwiz calendar that keeps doing a lot of unnecessary checks which prevents the device from sleeping properly when the screen is turned off . this causes a huge drain in battery life . since the touchwiz on an sii is very similar to the one on a galaxy note , you might have the same inherent bug . these links might give you a better idea http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1316003 http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1383929page=5
there is not a way to do this in the default settings for android devices and most people are surprised to learn that they can keep sync on full time without exceeding even modest data plans . i would recommend checking out tasker . it is an android application that allows you to automate almost anything on an android device . you can use it to automatically toggle on your auto-sync setting using the wifi state as a trigger . tasker is a bit pricey , so please read on . this widget , if it lives up to its billing should do the trick for you , read the comments , you will see it turns on sync when wifi is present . it is not named very well , but check it out : wifi autosyncauto toggle
unfortunately to this moment google not provide such feature to list all our reviews and ratings from google play . but there is method to search all of ours reviews by typing to google . com phrase : inurl:https://play.google.com/store/apps/details +"John Doe"  where john doe is our name we use in google+ , but of course this name should be unique .
if the developer do not give you access to the ( web ) settings of the webview , you will not be able to disable javascript in the webview .
you are right . sleep mode is something from motorola , not from android . so , cyanogenmod ( based on the stock rom ) does not have this option . it has several other options , and you just need to find something close to it . you could try airplane mode , which turns off all connections ( wifi , bluetooth , cellular , nfc , etc . . )
install repligo pdf reader and switch to Text Reflow mode . it has one of the best text reflow mode till date which displays images too . but , to read codes , you will have to fight again . another option : use ezpdf reader lite ( or pro ) and use its text column locking feature in landscape orientation ( to kick out blank margins and use large device height as width of pdf ) . i find it useful on my 4.0-inch screen even for the codes because it does not change formatting to reflow text . but , if your screen size is much smaller than my one , it would be useless to you . plus , both pdf readers feature voice reading . you can use that too .
a locked bootloader means that you will not be able to install software updates ( or flash recoveries , roms ) that has not been signed by the manufacturer/carrier . so the answer is " yes , you can flash an unsigned rom but it will not get loaded by the locked bootloader " .
i found the following but i do not think this is a definitive answer though it looks close to what i need , secure end-to-end encryption with no chance of snooping/sniffing/mitm . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/off-the-record_messaging#phone_apps i was not fully aware of otr though i had heard the term used elsewhere but did not know the full implications . i think otr is what i am looking for . still looking for further input though .
you should probably use the imei . the imei ends with a checksum , whereas imei sv ends with a software version number which should not be relevant .
the apk file is also generated in the bin folder of the project after running the app at least once . i have copied the apk file from the bin folder and installed it successfully on three different phones without any problem both copying directly on phone memory or sending it via email .
i also had this issue . i am using lg gt540 . when using default lg home screen , i can change the lockscreen wallpaper . but if i use any other launchers the option is not there . now what i am doing is : i will switch to lg homescreen just for changing the wallpaper and then will switch back to launcherpro . you should do something like this . i know this is not the answer you are looking for ; i am just giving you some hints .
those " analyze board " links are coded to open a popup window using javascript . your desktop browser ( using an extension ) is overriding this default behaviour it would seem , in order to open in a new tab instead . those links are not programmed in a particularly accessible way unfortunately - if you do not have javascript enabled you get nothing . under google chrome on the desktop for instance i cannot avoid opening a popup window , it simply does not work if i choose to open the link in a new tab ( i get a blank page ) . having said that , using the default browser on android 4.0 , does open a new tab when those links are clicked - i do not get a floating popup window . i would have said that the problem is a combination of the website ( not being accessible ) and of the default browser on your mobile that is unfortunately unable to deal with this situation . can popup windows be controlled in the browser settings ? in some cases you could disable javascript on the mobile to get around this , but on this website if you did that you would get nothing ! edit : you mention that you do not have much room on your device to install an additional ( full blown ) browser . have you considered perhaps opera mini ( 858kb ) or dolphin mini ( 1,014kb ) - these have a reduced storage footprint .
using jit ( just in time ) compiler ( e . g . installing froyo , gingerbread , or " frozen eclair" ) will typically increase cpu-bound processes by 3-5 times . if your device use fat , rfs , or ntfs filesystem , your device might be faster by converting to ext2/ext3/ext4 filesystem . however , if you want to prolong the lifetime of your internal memory , use yaffs2 filesystem .
i went against the original clause in my question and used image shrink lite .
i have been experiencing this as well on the same build/phone . a user on this thread claims that m5 may be much less error prone . i have not reverted to m5 yet myself . when this error loop happens to me , i hold down the power button and try to select " reboot " between the times when i hit ok in the " unfortunately . . . " box .
i recommand you to install anysoftkeyboard ( available in android market ) , it a bloody good keybaord , by pressing 1 sec . on [ . ] key there is an additional key wit the three dots ! what i also find great in this keyboard is that you can install your country keyboard what the standard androïd keyboard does not provide . . . test it . . . you will adopt it !
summing up from the comments : with busybox , android provides tools for formatting from the command line . in your case , this would be /system/sbin/mkfs.vfat . this is reported to sometimes throw an error like : mkfs.vfat: lseek: Value too large for defined data type  according to this xda thread , this is the fault of busybox . using a different version ( as reported in post #12 of that thread ) should solve the issue -- and did it in your case , luckily .
right-click on that " samsung_android " and select Uninstall . then make sure the Delete the driver... option is checked , and click the OK button . this should clear out the old drivers from the system . now unplug the phone and try uninstalling and re-installing kies . reboot the pc and try plugging the phone in again . if you are on windows 7 64-bit , you may be able to bypass kies software by installing this driver ( remove the " samsung_android " from device manager again before installing the driver . )
you had have to go through your library , find each app that had an update , and then select to install it from the website . there is no way to batch update your apps from the web market .
similar to permissions denied , mentioned by matthew is lbe privacy guard which also allows you to selectively disable permissions for apps . also good for disabling geo-tagging on your photos as well as preventing facebook and/or twitter from broadcasting your location .
if you have a rooted phone which i assume you do since you are on cm6 , see this post detailing how to change the font of the clock on the lock screen . basically you need to replace clocktopia . ttf in the /system/fonts folder with your desired ttf font ( remember to rename new font as clocktopia . ttf ) and reset permissions to be similar to the old file . if you are willing to use widgetlocker , there is the freeware make your clock widget beta - that will , as the name suggests , allow a user to customise and create a clock widget as per your taste . you can then use this custom created widget in conjunction with widgetlocker .
you will need to download official firmware . you can find it by searching " nexus one stock 2 . x rom " , and xda might be better than google . i would also look up how to use the android sdk to flash it , probably using flashboot through adb . i have a galaxy s which uses another tool , so i can not help with more detail without looking that up myself ; )
android tracks events that affect battery usage and stores this information in batterystats . bin file . some examples : length of time screen was on with a specific brithness setting which application ( or non android app process ) and how long held a wake lock ( prevents device from sleeping ) cpu usage per process ( android app or other process ) phone signal strength gps usage etc . android computes how much power each application or component ( e . g . screen ) uses based on configuration information included on the device by the manufacturer . not everything is measured so the statistics can be sometimes misleading , but it gets better with every android platform release . battery statistics can be dumped from the device using : adb shell dumpsys batteryinfo  here is interesting fragment of a post by diane hackborn with more details about wake locks power consumption : there are two ways power from wake locks is computed . on some chipsets , simply holding a wake lock needs to prevent the cpu from going to a full deep sleep . in the reported battery usage , this extra power use will be distributed across all apps holding wake locks . even if the wake lock itself does not cause power use , holding a wake lock in one app can allow other applications to run and cpu when they would not otherwise . ( for example , some app may have a { sleep ( 1 ) ; do something ; } loop that would not run if no wake locks are held . ) to address this , half of the cpu usage of applications is distributed to be blamed on the ones holding wake locks .
yes you can . there are a number of utilities around to do backup and restore , as well as other options . i recently moved from the htc magic to the desire hd . the way i did it was to use a free appbrain account . this has a few advantages , in my opinion : you can search for , read about and tag for installation , applications , on your computer , with a larger screen/keyboard etc . you can organise apps into groups if you have multiple android devices . you can share your apps with other people . you can check out appbrain at http://www.appbrain.com/ if you just want straight backup and restore , titanium backup , as mentioned by others , is a good choice . ( http://www.matrixrewriter.com/android/ ) you can also find both of them in the android market .
there is sleep bot tracker log and sleep logger . they do not seem to directly connect to google health , but they let you export data ( one does csv , the other does not specify ) .
free space here you must distinguish between the several partitions : /system: this is mounted read-only in normal mode , and the place where " the system " is installed ( android core apps plus most of the pre-installed " bloatware" ) . no matter if it shows "220 mb available " , as a normal user cannot make any use of that " free space " internal storage ( /data ) : this is where the user installs his apps , and where all the user data reside . most crucial part , and the place where your report states "11 mb free " -- which most likely will trigger the " insufficient memory " error , see insufficient-memory ) . to free up space here , you can do things like . . . uninstall apps you once installed but no longer need ( most efficient part ) move apps to sdcard ( see app2sd ) . apps must explicitly support this ( though there are root-methods to enforce the others , it might have side-effects ) . still , parts of those apps will remain here -- unless using things like link2sd . cleanup cache ( only temporarily helps , as cache will fillup again ) internal sdcard : some devices ( not all ) offer this as additional storage . app2sd may move apps to this place . aside from that , you can store files here ( documents , media files , etc . ) external sdcard : no need to explain this one , right ? unless you really know what you are doing , you should not manually change the partitioning ( e . g . to move some free space from /system to /data ) . you might break things , especially future updates ( where the android system may need more space than it currently does ) . sdcard just a short note on that . while one should no longer " save money " buying anything below class-4 , additional money for class-10 might be " wasted " . my recommendation is to go for class-6 as the best compromise between speed and spent money . compare the specs for read speed and write speed between class-6 and class-10 when in doubt . if you still want to go for class-10 , make sure your device supports it . swap controversely discussed nowadays . depends very much on how much ( physical ) ram you have available in your device , and what kind of apps you use . i tend to say with recent hardware and a recent android version ( 2.3 and higher ) there is no need to go for swap . the android system does a good job on handling memory , and if your device has 1 gb ( or more ) ram available , i do not see where swap would improve performance . but as said , that also might depend on what apps you are using . also for your question concerning swapper : keep in mind that swap only creates " temporary data " . so with " swap broken " , you could simply de-activate it without losing data ( as it holds no permanent data ) . partitioning as said above , i do not recommend to touch this yourself unless you are really experienced with it . rather leave it to the " experts " . especially i would never make the /system partition smaller , for given reasons : you might encounter problems with future updates -- not only with newer android versions , but also with different roms , as different roms also go with different selections of pre-installed apps . file system types i cannot imagine any tutorial recommending fat32 for /data -- you must have misread that . i even doubt fat32 would work here , as it imho does not allow for the unix permissions to be supported and required by /data . however , fat32 is recommended for the " data part " of the sdcard , for compatibility reasons : it is the file system readable by most operating systems . the " app partition " usually is /data , and many roms use ext4 here ( some older ones might still use yaffs2 instead ) . but coming to that point , i am pretty sure you misunderstood the " targets " -- and " app partition " versus " data partition " is referring to the sdcard , which brings us to the last point of your question : partitioning the sdcard this is usually not required but optional , and makes only sense in combination with either app2sd+ or link2sd to move apps out of the " internal storage " ( see above ) to gain free space in that most crucial place . it might need a little additional information : some apps support app2sd to move larger parts to the sdcard . however , with usb mass storage ( ums ) , when you connect your device via usb to a computer the entire sdcard would be " moved " there , and apps as well as data residing on it become " inaccessible " to the device itself . this is one of the reasons some apps will not support app2sd -- especially when providing widgets and/or services . several approaches exist to circumvent this problem : app2sd+ / link2sd use a second partition on the sdcard . android would only " give away " the first partition of the sdcard via ums , so this second partition remains untouched , and its data/apps/ . . . stay available to the device switching away from ums and using mtp ( media transfer protocol ) instead , the card is no longer offered to the pc " as a whole " ( i.e. . including physical access ) , but in a logical way the computer is permitted to access files on it . so even while mounted via mtp , the device has full access to the card . this is what recent android versions do -- though some users might have a hard time to get it working with their os 's where it is not always supported " out-of-the-box " . conclusion : if you want to stay with ums , a second partition on your sdcard might prove useful . switching to mtp instead , there is no need for that anymore , unless you want to use app2sd+/link2sd for other reasons ( e . g . not only move the apps , but also their data/dalvik cache ) .
from what i know ( and by no means am i an expert on rooting ) the phone with the red triangle is the standard htc recovery mode , not the clockworkmod recovery . so my guess is that your rooting method is not working correctly . so , what method are you using and is your desire branded / locked to a network ? when i rooted my desire a few weeks back , i struggled to get clockworkmod installed - i was using the unrevoked method . i ended up having to factory reset the device to be able to install it , which is always an option , but you will lose all your saved date ( i am having to replay all the angry birds levels ) .
on my desire with insertcoin 1.1.0 ( cm7 + sense ) the " smart scroll " feature is only active on the scroller for specifying the appointment time in the calendar .
try pressing the trackball instead of the power button .
pansi sms supports inbox-style sms . in step 2 of the setup wizard , you will be asked to choose either : conversations message box - this is what you want
from everything i have read about this topic , it is possible to do on a linux machine , but not with a windows machine . this could be because of something with adb on windows , or the usb drivers for windows . here is the info ( note that this reference was done with a nexus one ) : requirements : android 2.2 ( or an older version with a root tethering app ) adb from android sdk , or a rooted android 2.2 with terminal in root mode step 1: device : connect usb cable and activate usb tethering . you should see on linux new network interface . step 2: on linux computer , setup a bridge : usb0 is the new network intreface eth0 is the main interface connected to internet ( or a gateway ) $ sudo ifconfig eth0 0.0.0.0 $ sudo ifconfig usb0 0.0.0.0 $ sudo brctl addbr br0 $ sudo brctl addif br0 eth0 $ sudo brctl addif br0 usb0 $ sudo ifconfig br0 up $ sudo dhclient br0 see network connection bridge help to setup bridges step 3: setup usb0 interface of your phone . you have to options : from your computer , execute : . /adb shell netcfg usb0 dhcp or in a root terminal on your phone , type : su netcfg usb0 dhcp you should now be able to connect to internet on your phone using your computer 's internet connection . try to do a ping www.google.com to be sure step 4: to shut down the reverse-tethering , first unbridge interfaces on your computer : $ sudo ifconfig eth0 down $ sudo ifconfig usb0 down $ sudo ifconfig br0 down $ sudo brctl delbr br0 $ sudo ifconfig eth0 up $ sudo dhclient eth0  then on your phone , uncheck the usb tethering option
shark/sharkreader in market ( tcpdump frontend )
launch the emulator from the command line so that you can specify a /system partition size using the -partition-size &lt;MB&gt; option . for example , i use this to launch an emulator running android 1.6 with a /system partition of 512 mb : emulator -avd Donut -partition-size 512  . . . where " donut " is whatever you named your avd ( you can check in eclipse 's avd manager if you need to ) . the emulator binary should be in your tools/ directory within your sdk install , which for you appears to be C:\android\android-sdk-windows\tools , so be sure you cd into that directory first ( or add it to your system 's %Path% ) . eclipse may not pick up the emulator right away , or it may recognize it and then drop the connection . if either of those happens , click the view menu on the devices tab ( the little arrow next to the minimize button ) and select " reset adb " to get the connection back . once it shows up in your devices , do what you were trying to do earlier . run adb remount to get the /system partition in read-write mode , then use eclipse to push the file wherever you want . i tested with a couple of random files a minute ago and was able to push them to /system/xbin without any trouble . for reference , here 's the partition size and use of /system on my donut emulator when i specify a 512 mb partition : &gt; adb shell df ... /system: 508416K total, 61332K used, 447084K available (block size 4096) ...  but here 's how it looks if i launch without specifying a size : &gt; adb shell df ... /system: 65536K total, 61204K used, 4332K available (block size 4096) ...  additionally , you can set command line options in your application 's run configuration via eclipse if you want to . go into your java perspective , then select Run-&gt;Run Configurations from the menu bar . select your application in the left pane , and then pick the " target " tab . at the bottom is a text box labeled " additional emulator command line options " , and you can add -partition-size &lt;MBs&gt; to that text box so that the emulator launched when you run your application will have a larger /system partition . note : you may have to add also -no-snapstorage or other options , to disable loading the existing snaphot , to the command line . it did not work without it for me .
i browsed a bit on android market and then i pushed another file from the zip downloaded . it is named MarketUpdater.apk . that is what updates the market to play store ! tried starting from scratch and pushed market updater too ! so it was play store right when it sat in .
the next day , when i powered up my tab 3 , it just worked .
you may be talking about button savior , but even if not , this app allows you to trigger click on your phone buttons : relevant features with or without root simulates : home key power key volume key camera key call key
beware : the instructions are for clean installing an os . that means all your data will be permanently lost . if your phone was previously rooted it will be brought back to an unrooted state ( whether you want it or not ) . please , remember to make backups of any important data on your phone . it will be lost . 1 . turning on usb debuging turn on usb debugging on your device : go to system settings / developer options and check " usb debugging " . 2 . fastboot you will need the fastboot tool . it is an official google command line tool intended for developers . you can follow the official instructions for installing the tool , but they are pretty complicated . if you are on mac os x or linux you should probably do what i have done and use the adb-fastboot-install open source tool . just download it , unzip it and use one of the following command line instructions ( depending on your operating system ) : sh ADB-Install-Mac.sh  or sh ADB-Install-Linux.sh  obviously while doing that you need to be inside the directory containing those files . there are plenty of instructions on how to install fastboot on windows ( for example this one ) . see also user17512 's answer for an alternative method for windows users . 3 . going to device 's fastboot mode you need to connect the device to your computer using a usb cable and then access your device 's fastboot mode : on nexus s : turn off your phone . press and hold volume up , then press and hold power . on galaxy nexus , nexus 5 and nexus 10 : turn off your phone . press and hold both volume up and volume down , then press and hold power . on nexus 4 and nexus 7 : turn off your device . press and hold volume down , then press and hold power . 4 . unlocking the bootloader execute the following command on your computer : fastboot oem unlock  note : this step will remove all your data from the device . 5 . downloading the factory image download the factory image for your particular device and your desired android version directly from google . 6 . installing the system unpack the archive ( if you are on windows you will probably need to download additional software for unpacking . tar . gz files . 7-zip will do the job . mac and linux users have all the required software installed already ) . go inside the newly unarchived directory and execute the following command : ./flash-all.sh  note : this will wipe all data from your device after some time your device should reboot and boot to your newly installed operating system : ) 7 . relocking your bootloader this step is not strictly necessary , but it is a good idea for security reasons . reboot to the fastboot mode again ( see step 2 above ) and execute the following command on your computer : fastboot oem lock  this worked great for me , i hope it will be helpful to other people : )
it sounds like something got corrupted on your phone . could be a recently installed app . i would recommend resetting the phone to factory settings via recovery console : turn off the phone . turn the phone on , and as soon as you see the motorola " m " logo , press and hold the vol down button . once in recovery console , navigate to the option to factory reset the phone . keep in mind that the factory reset will remove your account , any installed apps and customizations .
please follow the following : Menu - Settings - Apps - Running  and check out which apps are consuming more space in your android device .
paid apps are tied to an google account . but this is because of the google framework and not because of android . no one needs to " remove drm from android " because there is no drm within android . only support for it . if you install free ( as in beer ) apps , everyone can use them . there is only one imitative that goes one step further then being drm-less : android foss apps @ http://f-droid.org/
how much more /data space does ics need in comparison to gb ? easy answer : the same . 3rd party installed apps need as much storage on both gb and ics and maybe ics ' internal apps need a little more storage , but that is negligible . most often it is just the user apps that grow bigger and bigger by time ( with bigger devices . it is the same with bloated websites as connection speeds grow ) . i have installed ics on all of my current devices and can say that it is not a big difference . i typically need 400-800mb with some games ( maxpayne , gta3 , etc . ) and consider myself a medium-to-power user ( with number of apps installed ) . so i guess , you need around 80-100mb for the minimal stuff ( maybe less ) and on top of this all that you want to install . i think the comfort zone starts at 250mb if you move apps to the sdcard and 500-750mb if you will not .
this button is normally greyed out when there are not any defaults set ( and possibly when there are no other applications to change the defaults to ) . if you install another voice recording app , you should be asked which you want to use the next time a voice recording event is triggered . this normally does not get triggered when you start up the voice recorder manually , it has to be triggered .
on my original sgs you do it by just clicking the power button . i would assume it is the same for the sgs2 .
try flashing the recovery image manually via fastboot , as described in this guide : download the latest version of the clockworkmod recovery from here . place the clockworkmod recovery image in the same folder as fastboot ( the /tools folder with the android sdk folder ) . power the nexus s down , and hold volume up and the power button until booted into the bootloader . you should see a white screen with three skating androids . connect the nexus s to the computer via usb . on the computer , open terminal and run : fastboot flash recovery recovery-clockwork-5.0.2.0-crespo.img the clockworkmod recovery should now be installed on the nexus s .
i ran across this by accident , but it is exactly what i was after ! hope it helps others . https://market.android.com/account and the orders tab
tunein radio has channels for bbc radio , other radio streaming apps probably have them too . tunein is a good app , the pro version even lets you record . i am not sure what other features the pro has over the lite version , but i use tunein daily .
as those ports are closed on your router , there is no " on-phone solution " , only " on-router solutions " . you will have to open those ports on the router , use a different wifi ap , or switch to your mobile data connection . if you want to go for the " open ports on router " solution , this is beyond the scope of our site . but you are certainly welcome with that question on super user , which ( amongst others ) covers personal and home computer networking according to their help center .
as discovered here , htc have removed the link to the training option in the settings menu . however , the actual feature remains intact so i have created a quick app to access it . please note that we do not know why htc took it out , they may have had a very good reason and i could be meddling , however i have used the training feature successfully on my sensation without any negative effects and the recognition is much improved . i have put the application on google code , the download link being here ( including cr code for devices ) . please note that all use is under the mit license - hope this helps others with the same problem ! also , the option seems to have been returned to it is normal position in the menu in the following android/htc versions : Android 4.0.3 HTC Sense 3.6 Software number 3.33.401.53  viewable in settings --> about phone --> software information
for my linux distribution ( fedora 20 ) it is quite simple : [ pc ] run pulseaudio . ( runs automatically on fedora ) [ pc ] load module bluetooth-discovery . ( it is auto-loaded on fedora ) [ pc , android ] pair with android-phone via bluetooth . [ android ] in device 's options set the profile " use for media audio " . [ pc ] connect to the phone . [ android ] play music . ( i use google play music - it works ) [ pc ] the phone 's stream is detected as an input source - in case , you want to mute or amplify it . caveats the only problem is the step 5 . i can not connect to pc from my phone - i think , it is a linux problem - and it is another question for another forum .
first , in the facebook app , under its settings , enable synchronization for all contacts . open up your contact list and select the google contact you would like to merge . then push the menu button and select " edit contact " . then hit the menu button one more time and select " join " . choose which contact you would like to merge it with and you should be good to go .
the cookies , for the default android browser , are stored in /data/data/com . android . browser/databases/webview . db . the problem is that other applications , for security reasons , do not have access to files that do not belong to them , like the database file . in order for what you are asking to be possible , the browser application would have to implement this functionality .
there is a website called htconeroot . com i guess you can find instructions there ( videos at the right side , scroll down )
as far as i know , this should in no affect your app 's rating . this is something i do myself constantly with testing of my own apps . the only thing that will ultimately affect your rating are the number of stars your users give you . yes , you can rate your own app , but you can only do it once . uninstalling/re-installing should not change your own rating to your own app either .
do you find any lag when opening applications or does it slow down when multitasking ? if no is your answer then it is a very normal behaviour . my phone has 1 gb of ram but more than 600 mb is always occupied and it does not lag anytime . you can read about ram management in android in so many developer forums if you had like to .
the gmail app already appears to do this on a per-account basis . simply open an account , then navigate to (Menu button)-&gt;More-&gt;Settings-&gt;Select Ringtone . this works fine on my version ( 2.3.4.1 ) and allows me to set a different ringtone for each account . you can also use this to cause some accounts to provide vibrate/audible notifications while others do not . for example , my work account is set to vibrate " for all notifications " , but my other accounts have their vibration set to " never " .
you can find the source for this app in the gallery2 package in aosp . all the code for the photo editor is in src/com/android/gallery3d/filtershow . the saving is handled by tools/ImageSave.java , which has this comment explaining the behaviour ( which i have formatted ) :- in order to support the new edit-save behavior such that user will not see the edited image together with the original image , we are adding a new auxiliary directory for the edited image . basically , the original image will be hidden in that directory after edit and user will see the edited image only . note that deletion on the edited image will also cause the deletion of the original image under auxiliary directory . there are several situations we need to consider : user edit local image local01.jpg . a local02.jpg will be created in the same directory , and original image will be moved to auxiliary directory as ./.aux/local02.jpg . if user edit the local02.jpg , local03.jpg will be created in the local directory and ./.aux/local02.jpg will be renamed to ./.aux/local03.jpg user edit remote image remote01.jpg from picassa or other server . remoteSavedLocal01.jpg will be saved under proper local directory . in remoteSavedLocal01.jpg , there will be a reference pointing to the remote01.jpg . there will be no local copy of remote01.jpg . if user edit remoteSavedLocal01.jpg , then a new remoteSavedLocal02.jpg will be generated and still pointing to the remote01.jpg user delete any local image local.jpg . since the filenames are kept consistent in auxiliary directory , every time a local.jpg get deleted , the files in auxiliary directory whose names starting with " local." will be deleted . this pattern will facilitate the multiple images deletion in the auxiliary directory . in short : yes , it saves edited images in a .aux directory , inside the directory the image came from . it also stores the filter chain you used to create the image in xmp metadata inside the new image ( the filtered one ) , in the namespace http://ns.google.com/photos/1.0/filter/ . this information consists of : SourceFileUri: the uri where it has saved the unmodified file filterstack: a serialized representation of the stack of filters it used ( in the same format it saves presets to its private database )
we did respond to every e-mail , so it is likely that our e-mails went to your spam folder . if you still have problems with any purchase please contact us at service@ikoid.com.
i managed to unbrick my phone eventually . tried to use rsd lite with several images , but it would give an error and then the application would crash and leave my bootloader corrupt . i tried all the schemes i could find including : loading the image from root of c : , disabling uac , etc . , but nothing worked . then i tried sbf_flash on linux with the same image , and it worked like a charm , no errors , and my phone was up and running again . so for anyone else who may encounter this problem , i warmly recommend using sbf_flash , it is incredibly simple to use .
go to : Settings -&gt; Accounts and sync  do you see a flickr account there ? if so , either make sure you are using that account with the gallery or try deleting that account and trying the gallery again .
applanet is that rather shady-looking place that claims to let users download and install ' thousands of free and paid apps ' for free . since the original authors of the apps have little say in whether their app appears on the site , i think it is fair to say that all bets are off when it comes to the apps ' integrity . also bear in mind that it is recently been proved entirely possible to download malware from the official market ( google blog entry ) . so , in summary : impossible to say , and , yes .
no , they do not behave differently if you do not use the original charger . i have a samsung phone that has never even seen its original charger , along with some nexus devices in similar conditions , and they do not suffer from slowdown or anything like this . more likely , your phone is running low on internal storage , or you have recently installed an app that hogs the phone 's cpu or ram . there are lots of questions on the site about troubleshooting and debugging that kind of slowdown . start by looking at the list of running apps in the phone 's settings , browse those questions , and maybe ask a new one if you find something more specific .
mru is right about the android and me news widget . based on the dock at the bottom i would also say mru 's right about that being the sense ui as well , which means the clock and weather widget is stock , but you can replicate it with these : weather forecast and clock widget beautiful widgets i have the fancy widget but it is no longer available because htc thought it looked too much like their widget ( you could probably find the apk out there somewhere ) the battery widget is called . . . battery widget . also , you may be able to get those sense icons by using the sense ui icons app for pandahome . the wallpaper is his own formated for a g1/hero ( 640x480 ) . more on sizing wallpapers for specific android phones .
play store purchases are refundable under a 15 minute window . under that window , if the user does not like the app and wants a refund , using play store to refund the purchase will end in the user receiving back the purchase amount and the app being uninstalled from the device . is it possible , under the refund window , to copy a paid app to the external storage for example and then once refunded , install it from there . i am no app developer but i know some apps that despite doing this , they check somehow the purchase via play store and in this case , since the user has not bought the app ( it did a refund ) , the app will not work as if it was purchased . in this example the app has a free and paid version , so the paid version has more features but since the user did not paid for that , it gets the free ( despite having the full installed ) .
here 's some advice for moving between any two android roms that will serve you well : first , do a full nandroid backup if you are not feeling completely confident . you can do this in cwm recovery , or via adb ( android debug bridge ) . this will create an " image " of your entire device . now that you are safe from screwing anything up beyond repair , go ahead and use titaniumbackup to backup all your system settings and your user apps ( i usually do not backup system apps as this might cause problems ) . backups will be saved on your /sdcard/ and will not disappear when you wipe . ( before this step , make sure you have the rom zip files on your sdcard , otherwise you will have to add them via adb ) go into cwm recovery and wipe your device ( cache and data ) . remember , /sdcard/ is still fine . now install your shiny new rom . when you have booted your new rom , install titaniumbackup first of all . it will recognize that there is already titaniumbackup files on the sdcard ( from before ) , and you will be able to batch install your apps and restore system settings . some advice on restoring backups : be conservative . start by restoring apps without user data , as old data may break the app . if somethings missing and it annoys you , restore that app only with data . same goes for restoring system settings , deselect everything and just restore what you really want ( usually just wifi hotspots for me ) .
i think i did it . i tried to delete the folder /storage/sdcard0/android/data/com . google . earth but even with root/su i was unable to . so i renamed it and it was renammed successfully . next time i opened the app it worked . but i still have a folder of 13mb that i can not delete . suggestions ? update : i found this that suggests : i see in mount points something that gets my attention /dev/fuse on /storage/sdcard0 type fuse (rw,nosuid,nodev,relatime,user_id=1023,group_id=1023,default_permissions,allow_other)  here you can see that /data/media is mounted with specific user and group id . i discover by executing ps and id commands that 1023 id belongs to media_rw user with wich the /data/media folder is mounted . i think login as media_rw user should do the trick but what i did in order to delete the folders was : login as root ( unnecesary if connected via ssh with sshdroid ) su mount /system with write permissions mount -o rw,remount -t ext4 /dev/block/mmcblk0p9 /system run sdcard command again ( as root ) /system/bin/sdcard /data/media 1023 1023 go to /data/media and delete the unwanted folders ( let 's say they are called . trash y . garbage ) rm -rf .trash .garbage mount /system with read only permissions again ( for security reasons ) mount -o ro,remount -t ext4 /dev/block/mmcblk0p9 /system check that the folders does not exists ls -lsa /data/media/ the output must be something like this ( no . trash or . garbage folders in here ) this may solve other problems like this .
in my opinion , the word scanning in this context is a misnomer . basically the camera and the flash are the key hardware components involved in this operation . the camera does not go into burst mode and instead takes only one good shot . the rest are the magic of software algorithms that straighten , finds boundaries and brightens and de speck the image . the app camscanner supports creating documents either from image or capturing with camera . higher camera resolution , the ability to autofocus and presence of flash ( in absence of ambient light ) are the features that are to be looked for . for shooting an a4 size with text printed with font size of 12 , a 5 mega pixel resolution is needed and with 3.2 mega pixels , i am able to capture a5 sized papers with very decent quality - observed from my experience .
have you tried galaxy call recorder yet ? features list : - recording calls , ability to enable/disable recording service in the settings - showing grouped records extended with contact information such as name and icon . - settings to disable recording when headphones on or bluetooth device connected - settings to disable recording for incoming , outgoing call and for some contacts . - ability to specify different audio sources for headphones and bluetooth devices . - calling , sending sms , creating an event from the app . - ability to stop recording from a notification . - ability to play , delete the recent record from a notification . - ability to specify a recording delay , a minimal length of records . - ability to enable/disable the detailed notifications in the program . - ability to record a conversation into a small set of files . - deleting a record or many records at once . - locking/unlocking records to prevent unwanted deleting . - ability to automatically deleting records . - ability to send records to dropbox , google drive , and skydrive etc . - integration with google+ . - flexible ui settings to change a font size and a background . - screen lock . - saving records to microsd card , dropbox disk . if you already tried this , you should mention which apps you tried already .
the sony liveview may fit the bill .
this menu button is a backwards compatibility feature . it is displayed on all apps that say they are designed for a version of android from when android devices had physical menu buttons . ( that is froyo or earlier . ) the android system can not tell whether such an app needs the menu button or not , so it has to display it to make sure the app is usable on newer devices without the hard button . if the button annoys you , contact the author of the app and ask them to update their " target version " . they can do this and still be compatible with older versions of android .
i am not sure exactly how you use the select all feature , but i think an effective way to mitigate your need for this is to go crazy with filters , labels , and the priority inbox . having your gmail account sort your e-mail into highly specific labels for you and carefully tagging everything as either " important " or " not important " will keep the number of e-mails you see at any one time to a reasonable amount most of the time . there are a ton of great tips in this article from lifehacker that i have used both on the web interface and on my gmail app . oh , and submit a feature request to google . ; - )
at least my version of chrome ( 32.0.1700.107 ) on os x has a menu called Mobile Bookmarks under Bookmarks , where i can see my phone 's bookmarks . and i can add bookmarks to my desktop chrome from android from menu -> favorite ( the star ) -> folder -> desktop bookmarks . try using chrome beta for android if yours does not have that feature .
does the in built-in backup service work ? yes . but maybe not how you expect/want . as you mentioned apps need to ' opt in ' to backup data and most apps do not actually use this . i am only aware of a couple that do . as far as i know , the backed up data is only actually restore to a device when the device is initially set up , not when you install an app from the play store that you have previously used ( i could be wrong on this though ) . google recently launched a way for games to sync progress between devices which more apps seem to be using and are publicising this more . helium and adb backup work differently in that they backup the data stored on the device and do not require opt in . helium uses the adb backup method so essentially they work the same way ( although it does not require a pc to perform the backup ) . titanium backup backs up the apk and the appropriate ' data ' folder ( not the folder on your sd card by default ) and again this does not require any opt in from the app developer . personally i use titanium backup as it was the only option when i first rooted my first phone . i have not used helium so can not say if it is better/worse . when i have used adb backup ( not via helium ) it took a long time to backup/restore but it does work quite well .
this was a semi-known issue on 4.5.585 gingerbread ( verizon 's first official gingerbread update ) . rebooting the phone when it happens was the only remedy . the problem ( i too was affected ) appears to be fixed in the latest verizon update . ( 4.5.602 )
it seems error 923 is related to the whole process of downloading , cache , storage , installation , etc . people get it most often in google play , but sometimes also outside of that . most suggestions how to fix this come down to : Settings &gt; Apps &gt; Running > stop all ( google related ) running services Settings &gt; Apps &gt; All &gt; Google Play Store > clear data and clear cache reboot phone , all should be fine now found quite some useful answers on the internet outside of stackexchange ( it exists ! ) , so answered my own question already . suggestions/additions always welcomed . ; )
you can install the wifi keyboard app from android market . a good app , supports both usb and wifi input . you need to follow information carefully , to get work around .
in a way , the answer is yes . although , i would not consider any of the sites where you would get the rom from to be " official " . what you need to do is download odin3 ( or hemidal ) and use that tool to flash the stock rom on the device . doing so will most likely require you to completely wipe the device to factory state . i found a couple sites that do have the stock firmware , but i do not want to link to the rom directly for a couple reasons . one , i do not know the legality of linking to a the stock firmware and if the file is no longer valid in the future , i do not want this post to be " out of date " . if you google " flash i9000 odin stock " you will likely find a couple different sources that have the files needed to flash back stock . when i did this , the first site had the 2.3 xxjvu release for the i9000 , and the . pit file ( which is also required when going back to stock , and the drivers . it also is a tutorial on how to flash it .
try rebooting the phone after re-inserting the sd card . some older launchers ( e . g . eclair stock ) simply do not refresh their app drawer when you re-insert the sd card , even though the apps are re-mounted . you can check that the apps are indeed back by going to Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications and seeing if the " missing " apps are listed there . if so , a reboot will fix it . alternatively , you can simply restart the launcher app by going to Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications then scrolling down to " launcher " and tapping on it , and then tapping on the " force close " button . now if you press the home key , the launcher will restart and should have all the apps back .
you could give the following app a try , it sounds like it does what you are looking for : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.greatbytes.pop3refresh
the dolphin browser has an option to turn off images . i believe most versions of the stock browser have this capability as well . the 4.0.4 version can disable images via Settings -&gt;Bandwidth management -&gt; Load images , and i am pretty sure that the gingerbread browser had this capability as well .
the Common: Better support for mouse and usb keyboards found at the changelog refers to all devices supported , meaning that there was an overall improvement on the usb support for mouse and keyboard devices . but take into account that the words " better support " means that there was an improvement , but it may still be buggy on certain devices under specific situations . as a side note : to your particular case , you are referring that you have a huawei u8160 , but on the changelog , the support goes for huawei u8150 . so , it may not be fully supported with or device . relevant links : the changelog can be found at : github - cyanogenmod cyanogenmod forums : cyanogenmod 7.2 released ! ( 2012-jun-16 ) wikipedia : list of devices supported by cyanogenmod
stock download app is unable to detect changes to download folder . it will keep only a list that it is given for download .
when i read your question it sounded like a chrome bug to me . i looked around , and yes , it is a bug on samsung 's multi-entry clipboard feature , and it is been reported here . here are two things you can do to fix this : ( 1 ) if your phone is rooted , delete the contents of "/data/clipbord/*" . ( 2 ) or , do a factory reset .
yes if you have previously set your current tablet to back up your data and settings to google 's servers , then during the initial setup of your new tablet you should be given an option to restore your previous settings and data . the settings that you need to check on your current tablet are in settings -> privacy settings . see below for more info on this from the official android 3.0 ( aka honeycomb ) user 's guide : page 13 backing up and restoring your data you can back up your settings and other data with your google account , so if you ever replace your tablet , you can restore your data on the new one . if you choose to use this service , your data is backed up automatically . if you previously used the backup service with the google account you just used to sign in , you can also choose to restore your settings from your google account to your tablet now . important if you want to restore your settings , you must do that now during setup . you can’t restore data after setup is complete . many kinds of data are backed up , including : your android settings , such as your wi-fi networks and passwords , user dictionary , and so on many google application settings , such as your browser bookmarks the apps you download from android market some third-party apps also make use of the backup service , so if you reinstall one , its settings and data are restored . page 132 privacy settings you use the privacy settings to manage whether your settings and other data are backed up to google servers , using your google account . you also use these settings to erase all the data on your tablet by performing a factory data reset . back up my data check to back up some of your personal data to google servers , with your google account . if you replace your tablet , you can restore the data you’ve backed up , the first time you sign in with your google account . if you check this option , a wide variety of your personal data is backed up , including your wi-fi passwords , browser bookmarks , a list of the applications you’ve installed from market , the words you’ve added to the user dictionary used by the onscreen keyboard , and most of the settings that you configure with the settings application . some third-party applications may also take advantage of this feature , so you can restore your data if you reinstall an application . if you uncheck this option , you stop backing up your data to your account , and any existing backups are deleted from google servers . backup account displays the google account that your settings and other data are backed up with . this is the account you need to sign into on a new android tablet or other device , if you want to restore the settings from this tablet to that device . automatic restore check this option to restore settings and other data when you reinstall an application . this feature requires that you are backing up your data with your google account and that the application is using the backup service . to wipe your current tablet ( after you have ensured that it is been backed up , from the same privacy screen you should also see this option : factory data reset opens a dialog where you can erase all of your personal data from internal tablet storage , including information about your google account , any other accounts , your system and application settings , any downloaded applications , as well as your music , photos , videos , and other files . if you reset the tablet in this way , the next time you turn on your tablet you’re prompted to reenter the same kind of information as when you first started android .
what ended up working was re-installing the stock nexus one ( a . k.a. passion ) image . there seem to be several different ways to go back to a stock installation , but what worked for me was : download the PASSIMG_Passion_.zip file from shipped-roms . com re-name the file passimg.zip and copy it to the sd card via usb booted into hboot ( hold the volume down button while powering on the phone ) selected ' yes ' when asked if hboot should install the image the above steps were inspired by this post in the xda-developers forum . after doing this , ota updates started working again .
as life of lcd screen is measured in hours of its usage , keeping screen turned on does consume some of its life hours . but , average life of lcd screens range from 30,000 hours to 60,000 hours , so i do not think it would a matter to you .
you can use adb and run logcat by typing the command adb logcat &gt; logcat.log . alternatively you can use an app like alogcat . that will give show you your systems logs but then you will have to figure out what it all means . i have to agree with matthew reads comment that it is probably related to cm but there are so many moving parts and different factors it is hard to say . unfortunately diagnosing through trial and error will require you removing cm to see if it was the cause . i would recommend removing adfree and seeing if you still have crashes because it could be caused by that . if i were an app dev that relied on ads to fund my company i would probably make the free flow of ads in my app a requirement for my app to run properly . also , i doubt it is launcher pro .
so , based on the comments above you do need a notification solution . the obvious one is just to turn off notifications for the email app , or to turn down the volume before you go to bed . you could also use an app like tasker to do the latter automatically based on profiles that you set . for example you can have it mute notifications when plugged in to charge : http://androidforums.com/1207528-post3.html
have you tried formatting your sd card in a dedicated reader , as opposed to doing it directly on the phone ? most phones ( and even most laptops ' built-in sd card readers ) have problems writing sd card partitions . i usually format my sd cards in a stand-alone card reader hooked up to my pc via usb . also , it is probably worth re-partitioning it with partition editor from ubuntu livecd .
for usb teathering i know only two options that ( in my experience ) works well : azilink - the hard but free way easyteather - the easy but non-free way
yes , totally normal . this is the ui 's way of telling you that you have reached the edge .
yes , this is possible without apps . the icons on the lockscreen are the same ones that you chose for the home screen : here you see the icons i originally had on both screens : by changing the apps on my home screen adjacent to all apps , this change is mirrored on the lock screen : to change the icons adjacent to all apps on your home screen , long-press them until you can move them around then drop the old icons either into the trash can ( that appears when you long press ) or into a free space on another part of the home screen . you can then replace it with an icon of your choice .
i have used nitrodesk 's touchdown for that . it does the full exchange experience . not free , but not too horrible . i really liked it -- but ultimately uninstalled it as my current android phone is a little gimpy on processor power . . .
the problem is that some systems think of different ways to use the exif information . there are several possiblities , but for the motorola milestone ( droid in the us ) it was that the picture got a " rotated " mark in the exif , but it did not get the height/width set correctly ( example : lets say you have a hxw = 3x4 camera . if you take a landscape shot , you will get the normal hxw= 3x4 sized shot , and everything is fine . if you take a portrait shot , you still get the hxw = 3x4 ( but you would want to see hxw = 4x3 ) , and an extra mark that says " this shot was rotated ) . some programs could work with this ( twitpic for instance ) , but some coudn't . now you might face the same issue . i would look into your shots , and check what the exif says . if the exif has one of these issues , you might need to change ( possibly use some sort of automatic process ) the exif . also , another viewer might help here .
this is now possible ( may 2011 ) : check out the demonstration video . note that this is available only for the Nexus S for now , but it should soon work for all android 2.3 devices .
it depends on your needs : do you want to conserve battery ? then underclock the cpu do you want better performance ? then overclock the cpu typically there are different kernels that you can flash for your device . different kernels offer different clockspeeds . some of them will also under volt your phone to consume less power . the disadvantage of undervolting is that the phone may not be able to run faster clockspeeds . additionally , your phone may not overclock to the same speed as another phone due to one processor being physically different than another processor ( no two processors are made 100% exactly alike . when overclocking you are stepping beyond the bounds and specifications that your phone was designed to run at ) . what will happen is your phone will enter a boot loop if it is unable to run the kernel at a specific speed ( you will have to flash a new kernel or revert to a previous nandroid backup ) . i do not know of specific kernels for the g1 , but for example there is a set of kernels by chevyno1 for the droid1 . the general steps are : run a nandroid backup choose a voltage : ultra low , low , or normal start with the kernel with the lowest overclocked speed flash that kernel . use setcpu to set the clock speed to the max . if the phone remains stable , then choose the next kernel with the same voltage with a slightly faster clockspeed and try to run it at its max speed . if the phone does not remain stable , then revert to your last nandroid backup or the last kernel that ran stable on your phone
for a fix open settings> apps go the all tab , swipe left 2x 's scroll down to samsung keyboard and tap it tap on force close , then ok tap on clear cache tap on clear data , then ok problem should be fixed ! ! ! google search keywords galaxy rugby keyboard typing wrong letters
i was able to figure this out after troubleshooting . i partitioned out my hdd and installed ubuntu 13.04 . once completed i installed android tools via terminal sudo apt-get install android-tools-adb i recreated the entire boot animation using gimp and 7zip and pushed it back to the device adb push /system/media/bootanimation.zip . it worked . for what ever reason creating it in windows was not working .
try those steps source
/etc/hosts does not allow wildcards ( see here : http://serverfault.com/questions/118378/in-my-etc-hosts-file-on-linux-osx-how-do-i-do-a-wildcard-subdomain ) . two more links about /etc/hosts : howto configure your hosts file : http://www.linuxhomenetworking.com/wiki/index.php/quick_howto_: ch03 :_linux_networking#configuring_your_ . 2fetc . 2fhosts_file large example file with nice intro header : http://someonewhocares.org/hosts/ small android app that allows you to add an entry to the hosts file ( requires root ) : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.pof.add2hosts
no it is not . commercial gps receivers ( like the one in your phone ) only work below 18 km and below 515 m/sec . the rationale behind this is that this way they can not be used in ballistic missiles ( yes , i am serious . ) in order to circumvent this you had need to flash a different firmware to your gps chip , if you did not do this you are safe . no current android device ships with munitions grade gps receiver .
i think i found the problem . i turned option off that lets use 3rd party apps internet connection as was recommended on one blog on power plan optimization on android .
adb shell ls -l /data/data command will get you the file and directory listing you are looking for . specifically for angry birds space , try adb pull com.rovio.angrybirdsspace.ads/files/highscores.lua C:\abs_highscores.lua
no , this will not cause any issues . i am having the same case as yours ( using xperia l 's usb cable with a nexus 4 ) and have not faced any issues with nexus 4 or the xperia .
backup your phone this is important if you wish to keep any data from your phone . you will have to restore backed up data ( such as apps ) after you update . the only way to update to the latest software is to erase your device , so backup whatever you do not want to lose . extract the . zip file , which you can download from this androidforum thread or this xda thread . open the folder and install msxml 4.0 sp3 parser ( msxml . msi ) . once that has finished , install lgandroiddriver_whql_ml_ver1.0_all_win7 . exe which are the drivers so your computer will recognize your phone . windows xp users download this driver , extract the contents anywhere ( e . g . desktop ) , right-click on the ' android_usb . inf ' file and click ' install ' . next , open kdz_fw_upd . exe ( i ) change ' type ' to '3gqct ' this is a must , the update will not work otherwise and you may brick your phone ( ii ) make sure ' phonemode ' is set to ' diag ' ( iii ) browse for the ' v20b_00+fastboot . kdz ' file . prepare the phone by enabling usb debugging by going to settings> applications> development> enable usb debugging and connect the phone to the computer via usb cable and wait for the drivers to install for the phone . sometimes the computer still will not recognize the phone , if this is the case , try this : windows vista and windows 7 users press start and type device manager ( windows xp users right click ' my computer ' and click properties , then click the hardware tab and click device manager ) then locate lge android platform modem , right click it and click disable . accept any warnings that come up . also , make sure you have disabled mass storage mode on your phone . to do this , go to settings> storage> enable mass storage , and untick the box . click ' launch software update ' and do not use your computer until the update is complete . the update will take roughly 10-20 mins to complete . this method was found in the androidforums . there is also a youtube tutorial on rooting the gt540 . bricking is always a possibility when modifying software that does not come directly through the intended channels that said , the methods here have been proven to work and your risk is significantly less if you perform these steps correctly . let us know if you need any help !
i think not . a least , not efficiently . if you want to do that , you need servers , big servers , so you need a big company to run thoses big servers . so i would be very surprised if that big company does not advertise for its product , as opera did .
there is gomarks . looks promising .
to use " root powers " , an app needs to explicitly request those from the system . to my knowledge , astro file manager does not include this feature , but e.g. es file explorer does . for most of the newer/updated apps , you can tell that by their permissions : if those include android.permission.ACCESS_SUPERUSER , they request " root powers " . alas : as this permission is not " mandatory " yet , its missing does not necessarily mean an app will not request root access . the feature you need is called " root explorer " . mentioned es file explorer offers this , but you may have to manually enable it in its settings . that done , it should show you everything in the file system .
if you constantly get a poor 3g signal , you may want to switch the signal preference to favor 2g instead of 3g . here 's a way to do it on ics : in dialer , press *#*#4636#*#* go to ' phone information ' swipe to this ' set preferred network type ' assuming it is ' wcdma preferred ' , change it to ' gsm auto ( prl ) ' this setting will change its signal quality threshold , allowing it to switch from 3g to 2g ' earlier ' . use at your own risk though . . . to address your question of automatically switching signal when you make a call , you might be able to hammer something out on tasker if you are so inclined ( i may give it a try later to satisfy my own curiosity xd ) . one problem is forsee though , is that i believe it takes a bit of time to switch signals , so it might affect your call ( or its quality ) .
this is because your phone is not rooted . by default , only the application itself can access files in /data/data/com.whatever , so that casual users do not edit the files and break the app . to see these files , you need to root the device and use a file explorer tool that can use root ( this is usually called a " root explorer " app or feature ) .
this greatly depends on the dialer application you are using . on stock " vanilla " android that ships with google/aosp dialer app , there is no such option , and you will have to find a 3rd-party dialer app that has such a feature ( e . g . dialer one or pp , for example . ) some manufacturers like samsung and htc replace the default dialer app with their own that has many more features , and may already include the one you are looking for ( grouping records by caller . )
phablets are basically tablet / phone crossovers . best examples are samsung’s galaxy note and lg’s optimus vu . as per computerworld : a phablet is a phone with a screen so big that it can be used as a tablet . there are no defined boundaries whatsoever in terms of screen sizes ; so any tablet with phone ( telephony ) capabilities might also be termed a phablet .
the clock app is setting flags on its own fullscreen window that override the system default screen brightness , but this only affects that app 's window . see the source for deskclock . java the flags used are documented on the android developer site , in particular : float brightness_override_off value for screenbrightness and buttonbrightness indicating that the screen or button backlight brightness should be set to the lowest value when this window is in front . so , the deskclock is not using anything special to dim the screen , but it can only affect its own window .
most probably , there is no way . your tablet screen and your tv screen use different resolutions and refresh rates , which is generally too much to handle simultaneously for the graphics chip in your tablet .
the mdm solution can require that you set a pin . the google apps device policy app , for example , can require you to set a pin . this is described in the google device policy for android if you want more details .
it is possible that you are long-pressing the icon and then sliding it over to the other screen . this is also how you could put it back where you want it without deleting and re-adding the icon/widget . several times i have inadvertantly rested a finger on the keyboard long enough to bring up the menu .
the g2 does indeed have 4gb of internal storage , but not all of it is visible to the operating system . the internal memory ( /dev/block/mmcblk0 ) shows up as 2256 mb which place it solidly in the this-is-4gb-of-memory camp . there are several reasons for confusion on this point . of the 2256mb of internal memory visible to the os , 1.3gb is allocated to /data ( storage for apps ) . this 1.3gb is what you see when you look at " internal phone storage " in settings-> sd card and phone storage . partitioning in this was has been standard on all android phones . the new part with the g2 is where the rest of the 4gb of internal memory are . there has been wild speculation on this point , but a backup copy of the entire os portion of the phone or space for future updates make the most sense .
odin is an internal samsung tool used for flashing firmware to their devices ( via download mode , bypassing recovery etc . ) . importantly , it also has the ability to repartition the device storage based on a . pit file , which can save you from softbricking ( when flashing goes wrong and recovery/the bootloader fail ) . it is not open source and to my knowledge they have not intentionally released it &mdash ; a few versions have been leaked . for what it is worth , i have used the version posted here without issue . heimdall , however , is open source and duplicates the functionality of odin . it claims to be more reliable as well , in addition to being cross-platform ( odin is windows-only ) . both tools appear to work best with galaxy s devices , so if you are using another device you probably want to ensure someone else has tried it and succeeded . another note is that they use . tar packages layed out differently than the normal update . zip format used by recovery and otas , so you need to get the proper package for it to work .
android does not have a distinction between " text fields " and " text areas " like html has . one control , called TextView ( or EditText , but they are both the same underlying control ) handles all text fields , whether they are editable or not , and whether they are one line or several . that is not to say that every text field behaves the same way . TextView gives the app the opportunity to set hints for the keyboard , to tell it what kind of text is being edited ( called the input type ) . one input type tells the keyboard that the text being entered is a search filter . the keyboard 's free to interpret these hints however it likes : in this case , google keyboard does not show any word completions/suggestions when the input type is a search filter . you can avoid this problem by using a different keyboard app which interprets the input type and other hints differently . for example , swiftkey shows word completions for search filters just like for normal text . ( i have just tested it on google search . ) swiftkey also supports gesture typing like the default keyboard . if you are interested , you can learn more about the different hints apps can give to the keyboard by playing with my app im prove . ( it is a free app with no ads , so all i get if you use it is a warm fuzzy feeling when you leave a good rating . ) with this app , you can set all the hints , and see what effect they have on your keyboard . you can compare different keyboards this way .
make sure your device is connected . open Device Manager . in USB Devices , find a SAMSUNG composite device ( can not capture a screenshot because it goes away ) . right click , choose Uninstall and make sure to check " get rid of that sheet of driver software " . . . well . . . i mean " delete driver software too " . disconnect and reconnect usb , or clik detect devices button windows detects the phone and installs the plain old mtp driver . optional step : report to samsung optional step 2: upvote : )
i am also a user of samsung galaxy s2 . mine is rooted but all the indicators of your phone are pointing to a hardware problem . there is most probably a short-circuit like instantaneous electric jumps inside the motherboard . most of your problems can be answered rationally by uncontrolled electric jumps . for instance plugging the usb cable ( namely a power source ) directly starts the phone , indicating that there is a short circuit which transfers the usb power to the power button of the phone whereas they should be insulated . when you power-off the phone , it restarts . this may be explained with a short-circuit of the phone 's battery with the power button . so on and so forth . . .
you should be able to just tether and while your phone is connected to the wifi network that connection should be used . if this is not the case turning off the mobile data should force it to use the wifi connection
no , you do not need to have your phone rooted to enable a portable hotspot . not quite sure why it is not working for you , but here are the reasons it has not worked for me at various times . no cell data connection . i have tried using the hotspot as a relay to another wi-fi network without any success . the original wi-fi connection is shut down . misconfigured wi-fi security on the attaching devices .
all android apps are signed . android will not run an unsigned app . in addition , the signatures are tied to the app permissions , such that if the signature was wrong , other apps would not be able to talk with it , and you would not be able to receive updates to it from google play . android signing is discussed in more depth in signing your applications in the android developer documentation , from which the above information was drawn . if you are paranoid and want to verify an app 's signature , you can use the jarsigner utility included with the java development kit ( jdk ) . for example : jarsigner -verify -verbose -certs Vending.apk 
these voices were the result of having the so-called " roaming tone " enabled in the sound settings . strangely , the description of this setting is : roaming tone set notification tone informing the status of cellular service after disabling this option , she no longer speaks to me when i receive a phone call or turn on/off airplane mode . though i have no idea how a speaking voice is considered a " notification tone " . . .
yes , i did that myself , like this : power the phone off and remove the old sd card mount the old sd on a pc , copy its entire contents somewhere on your hard disk mount the new sd card on a pc , format it as fat or fat32 ( make sure it is the same file-system as the old one ) copy the contents of the old sd card onto the new one insert the new sd card into the phone , power it on .
dual file manager
please check the place where you downloaded the rom from , it usually contains installation instructions . in most cases , these roms use the update.zip mechanism of the recovery mode , as matthew mentioned . you might need a custom recovery ( see clockworkmod and twrp and their tag-wikis , clockworkmod resp . twrp , for examples ) . the process then usually is as follows : copy the .zip to your sdcard boot into recovery-mode select to " apply update from sdcard " navigate to and select your .zip let it flash go back to the main menu and select to " reboot device "
for your reboot problem , it sounds like your boot order is booting off the . iso , i.e. , cdrom , before it looks for the disk partition where you installed android . shut everything down and disconnect the . iso . you can just delete the cd device under the controller within virtualbox settings-> storage . you probably should not just change the boot order or you will have trouble reinstalling if you ever need to . however , if you want to change the order , look under settings-> system-> motherboard .
playing with words : if you want a folder to sync , have you tried foldersync ? should be perfect for this purpose . you can sync entire folders between your pc and your android device , and also use different cloud storage services . thanks to an integrated tasker/locale plugin ( in the full version ) , you also can automate it to your wishes . but even without tasker/locale , it offers user specified sync interval or specific sync times .
have you tried searching for gamepad in google play ? here are some of the results : ultimate gamepad connect through wifi or bluetooth in the most simple way . install the ultimate control receiver program on your computer ( pc , mac or linux ) and select it from the list displayed on your phone . droidpad droidpad lets you use your phone as a pc joystick or mouse .
try <code> wget http://www.blah.com/files.apk </code> in the terminal emulator ( if you are using cyanogenmod , then you probably have busybox , which includes wget ) , you might need root to write to the internal memory , so if you do not have write permission in the current directory , then you might need to type su first .
just installing supersu do not give you root - it is only tool for controlling access to root account on rooted device . from app 's description : supersu requires a rooted device ! ! !
use the app management option to move programs to external storage . while apps can be installed on the sdcard , they still need space on the internal storage for actually running .
as no one is answering this question , i presume it is not possible . so i looked for another solution and found the business calender free edition . this program not only displays a very nice monthly calender , but , most important , let you choose which colour you want to use for each agenda you want to display . very impressive indeed . just thought i would let you know . . .
moto g does not have a gyroscope sensor ( but it has an accelerometer ) that is why moto g did not get the photosphere option . actually panorama does not require a gyroscope . while there are obviously ways to do panoramas without a gyroscope . it looks like they use the same engine as photosphere to do the panoramas . so app also lacks panorama . source thread google camera g+ thread
as already described in above comments , this would require taking a screenshot and saving it as an image file . havind done that , there are several barcode scanners available in the playstore supporting " loading " of barcodes from image files , as e.g. qr barcode scanner or mentioned google goggles . i do not know of any barcode scanner capable of " scanning your screen directly " . edit : qr droid seems to be capable of what you are looking for : scan qr codes from your camera , browser , sd card , or saved image
unfortunately skype for android is still very flawed and has a lot of issues apart from the one you pointed out . right now the only thing you can do is to go on settings and deactivate the notifications when you are using your pc , and reactivate them when you are away from it . i always keep the vibration deactivated because either if i am using the pc or i am using the phone , that vibration is definitely too loud .
open the message thread in the messages app and it should say " sent " and the time at which it was sent .
if you have adb shell , you can try below command top -m 10  which displays top 10 applications which takes cpu .
i had a similar incidence , in my case i left a service open . please check if any service related , is open ? to check you can use , this link from stackoverflow
if you want to know the changes made in the app after the update then simply follow this steps . slide down the notification bar tap the update notification . this will bring up the market link ( unless you set the app to auto-update which will open up the app and not the market link because the update is already installed ) . once you are in , search for the app in question , select it , and there you will find the changelog like this . notice that you cannot do this if auto-update is enabled . you must open the play store , tap menu ( three dots in upper right of screen ) , and select my apps . from there , do step 3 . take note that not all developers post their changes in the market . for that you will need to google for the answer .
first , ensure that " usb debugging " option is enabled on your phone by going to Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Development . on some devices this option will be grayed out while your phone is connected via usb , so disconnect it first . next step is installing the usb drivers on your computer . assuming you are running windows , the drivers for mytouch 4g should be located on the sd card that came with the phone . look for file named " htcdriver . exe " then copy to your pc and execute it . if you can not find that file , look for the drivers on google . after you successfully install the drivers , download and install the android sdk . pick a folder that is easy to type , such as "C:\AndroidSDK" for example . now open windows command prompt by going to start -> run , typing " cmd " ( without quotes ) and pressing enter . in the command prompt window type in cd C:\AndroidSDK\platform-tools and press enter . connect your mt4g to the pc via usb , and in the command prompt type in adb devices and press enter . if everything was correctly installed you should see messages like these : * daemon not running . starting it now on port 5037 * * daemon started successfully * list of devices attached xxxxxxxxxxx device where " xxxxxxxxxx " is a combination of letters and numbers , signifying your phone 's id . this means adb is seeing your phone , and you can now issue commands to it .
check out wifi keyboard -- allows you to use your desktop 's keyboard to control the android . nb : i have not personally tried this , but it looks pretty cool . aimed particularly at apps that require keyboard input , but still do not pop-up a virtual keyboard . . . . . . again , wifi , not bluetooth . aaargh . unless , you know , you get your pc to broadcast on bluetooth .
you can fix this with the help of root and a terminal emulator ( e . g . android terminal emulator ( or , alternatively , using adb shell ) . the binary to do the job is called fsck , and usually located in either /system/xbin or /system/bin . sometimes you need a special variant of it , which might e.g. be called fsck.exfat or the like . so first let 's make sure we find the right binary : cd /system/xbin ls fsc*  if not found , repeat with /system/bin . i will assume here it was found in the first place , and is simply called fsck ( adjust the following correspondingly if that is not the case ) . as fsck comes from the " linux core " , we can consult its man page for the syntax . though there might be some options not working on android , the most basic ones should . see the linked man page for details ( or run a linux vm and use man fsck in case that page disappears ) -- i will stick to the basics here : first we need to find the device your sd card is bound to . if it is mounted , the mount command will assist us : mount  that is it , basically : check the output and see where your sd card sits . usually this is something using vold , but it is different between devices . output may include something like /dev/block/vold/179:17 on /mnt/storage/sdcard -- in that case , the first part of my quote is our device . in order to repair the " drive " , you need to unmount it first . this can be done via the settings menu , or , as we are just in the terminal , by issuing umount /dev/block/vold/179:17  now we can go for the repair job . basic syntax is : fsck [options] [-t fstype] &lt;filesystem&gt; [fsoptions]  so we first try the simplest approach and hope fsck figures out everything itself : fsck -C -r /dev/block/vold/179:17  which basically means : show progress ( -c ) , and always ask the user to repair ( -r ) any errors on /dev/block/vold/179:17 . if this does not work out , check with the linked man page for further options .
take a look at sd move and sd watch . they do not automate the process for you ( i do not think automation is possible ) , but sd move will give you a color coded list of what applications you can move over , and sd watch will alert you when you install a new app whether or not it can be moved to the sd card .
primary reasons for the no swap recommendations are the basic uselessness of swap for most devices , performance reasons , and device longevity . as liam mentions , modern devices have no shortage of ram ( even my old underpowered wildfire s has as much ram as my previous desktop . ) and that ram is managed fairly well by the modern android system , making a swap largely pointless . also , even though flash is far better than platters of spinning rust , it is still orders of magnitude slower than ram is , hence for performance reasons , you do not want to tier down to flash if you can at all avoid it . furthermore , flash memory has a limit on how many times you can erase and rewrite it . while this cycle limit is typically in the thousands or tens of thousands , which combined with modern wear leveling systems , means you are unlikely to hit the limit within the useful lifespan of the device , but if you are using it as swap , with loads and loads of itty-bity writes , you will chew through those cycles needlessly and might actually bump against those limits in time .
harass me by samuel tardieu available from google play store does what you want : tired of missing extra-urgent calls because you forgot to switch your phone off silent mode ? this application will turn the volume on if the same number tries to call you 3 times in 3 minutes ( configurable ) .
since this is getting inactive for so long and no one seems to know the solution . then i guess i will bring my phone to where i bought it and face the consequences of my actions haha ! if they can not fix it , then no one can . lol cheers , guise !
here is qr droid private . it does not access your contact information . usually the reason they want contact access is because you can store contact information in a qr code . so when scanned , it sees that it is a contact and adds it to your contacts . without access to your contacts , it would not be able to do this . another reason is that some of the apps allow you to create qr codes from your contacts . it would need read permission to do this . here is an example of a vcard stored in a qr code : here is the data that is stored in there :
try using a 3rd-party keyboard replacement app . i have previously used anysoftkeyboard , and can confirm that it does show word suggestions on other languages . for hebrew you would need to install the corresponding language pack as well .
when you wipe your phone and re-install a rom , or switch to a new phone , you will be prompted to sign in with your google account . as long as you use the same google account , you will be able to find your purchased apps in the Market by pressing the Menu key and selecting My Apps , or something similar ( i believe they are named differently in different versions ) . from there you will be able to view and re-install previously purchased apps . note : this only works for apps you have spent money on . if it was free , it will not be stored on your account in this way .
short answer - no . there are advanced options accessible by typing the url opera:advanced , but most of those deal with the rendering engine .
seems to have been a common problem with plantronics pro voyager series headsets , not specific to android .
you could use the busybox version of vi . if you are rooted then you can get it from the market and it will install pretty trivially ( example ) . then you had just need to execute vi from a terminal and you are good to go . i do not know of any installers that do not require root , but there may be one floating around somewhere that will install to /data/local or something . alternatively , you can do it the " manual " way . the following should work fine on an unrooted phone : download a buxybox binary or build it yourself ( here 's a copy of 1.16.0 hosted on cyanogenmod 's wiki ) . copy the binary over to /data/local somehow . adb is easy if you have it set up - just connect your tablet and use : adb push /path/to/busybox /data/local . you could also put it on your sd card and then move it with a file manager . you may need to use chmod to make it executable , which can be done from either a terminal emulator or an adb shell - chmod 0755 /data/local/busybox should suffice . execute vi from a terminal with /data/local/busybox vi . of course , if you just want any ol ' editor you do not have to use vi . there are a bunch in the market .
you might want to look for applications that do require this permission : android.permission.MODIFY_AUDIO_SETTINGS then uninstall it and set the alarm a short while after that . if everything is back to normal you have found the application in question .
short answer is no , there is no way to remove the " menu " overflow button from within apps in 4.4 , even on phones with a hardware menu button . this was an intentional change by google in kitkat to unify the interface across devices . it is possible to remove this overflow button with some os modifications , and many custom roms do offer a toggle for this . however , it requires rooting the device , unlocking its bootloader , and installing a 3rd-party modified os .
as long as you have gps switched on on your phone ( on a galaxy s the easiest way to do this is from the buttons that appear when you pull the notification bar down from the top of the screen ) and have gps switched on in the camera , you should see the " satellite receiver " gps icon appear and start flashing when you open the camera app . as long as you see this then your phone is trying to geo-tag your pictures . be aware that even in the best of conditions your phone can take 30 seconds or more to get a decent gps position locked , so wait a bit after you open the camera app before you take the picture . you can also speed up the gps lock by making sure that you have the assisted gps features switched on , see this previous question for details on how to switch those features on .
com.android.keyguard runs your lockscreen , home button , and a few other things i can not remember . it is an integral part of android . do not remove it .
try azilink (http://code.google.com/p/azilink/). you will need to do a little setup on your ubuntu machine in addition to loading the app on your droid , but it will work without requiring you to root your droid . this is a usb tethering solution that i have used in the past with my ubuntu netbook to great success .
i had manually exported contacts to google csv , uploaded to google spreadsheets . edited manually table by copying comments column to phone number column , deleted extra text , upload csv to contacts again
turns out that it is possible with a stock ( unrooted ) android 3.0 tablet and a rooted android phone , using android-wifi-tether and bluetooth tethering . details here : http://www.droid-life.com/2011/03/01/how-to-bluetooth-tether-to-motorola-xoom-using-original-droid/
the first one you asked about means the phone is connected in debug mode to a computer : and the phone between zig-zag lines means it is on vibration mode .
i use osmand which works well with offline maps ( osm ) . download offline map ( s ) once and after that no internet connection is required to use them . you can download the . obf-file of your location from this list of offline maps . or use the app to download . obf files directly to your device .
the only solution i am aware of ( besides hacking the code itself ) is blocking permissions : permissions denied pdroid privacy extension regarding pdroid : currently , only gingerbread is supported officially but you may find a working patcher for your cm9.1 firmware on xda . its google play description says : pdroid allows you to block access to the following private data for any application regardless of its permissions : [ . . . ] account auth tokens , [ . . . ] edit : tried pdroid and found it to work great . you need a compatible rom ( cm , aokp , pa , . . . ) and autopatcher ( download here ) plus either the original pdroid or the pdroid2.0 app ( see 1st post/attachment ) . note : v2.0 needs jellybean , use the old one for ics and below ( the original author has not updated the app for some time and has not ported the original gingerbread patches . autopatcher includes both ported original pdroid patches and the v2.0 fork for jellybean )
if you have ever partitioned a disk , you might know how one partition can fill up , even though the disk itself has plenty of space . this is one of the drawbacks to partitioning . well , android partitions the disk , and then mounts the data partition onto the filesystem so that it all looks like one disk . the data partition is usually called , confusingly , " sdcard " ( the reason for the name is another story ) . this partition is mounted on the directory "/mnt/sdcard " . the size is fixed by the manufacturer , and can not be easily changed . it would require root access , and a program to resize partitions . recent versions of android allow programs to store parts of themselves on the sdcard ( named " extsdcard" ) if you have one . i do not know why you can not use the data partition instead , but apparently you can not do it this way . the result of all this is that without root access and knowledge of disk partitioning and the android filesystem , there is not much you can do except delete what you do not really need .
those permissions ( call , sms ) are in most cases used for " quick-access-widgets/shortcuts " the launcher provides . to create a call widget for a contact , the contacts need to be read , which again might need the account data in some cases to retrieve them . so all those permissions are obviously making sense in context of a launcher . of course this does not mean they cannot be abused . so i would either stick with a heavily used / well known app , or have additional protection ( pdroid , lbe ) . you explicitly mentioned apex , which i use on some of my devices . on others i use golauncher ex . i also use lbe to keep watch . none of these two launchers ever misused these permissions ( at least i never got a warning ) -- though i must admit i did not check all the logs thoroughly all the time .
although infuse 4g is not officially supported by cyanogenmod yet , there are quite a few gingerbread ( android 2.3 . x ) based roms for it available on xda developers forums . an unofficial port of cm7 is currently under development for infuse 4g . if you are feeling adventurous , and are somewhat knowledgeable in linux , you can compile your own version of it from latest sources , as described here .
according to the specifications your phone has 512mb memory , which is quite close to the lower limit for actual 3d games like n.o.v.a. 3 . because the os must read the game data into the allocated ram for the game-process ( a lot less than 512mb ) . the game-data is propably bigger than the total allocated ram space so android starts to cache the stuff internally ( internal flash space , not sd card ) . so after loading the game the sd-card class/speed is not the most important part . a faster sd-card will probably just speed up the loading progress but not the gaming experience itself .
a common workflow to track down deep-sleep / wake-lock issues : install cpuspy install betterbatterystats turn off your phone fully charge it while turned off unplug the cable start the phone , unlock it and open some apps like email , browser , facebook , and close them again do not touch your phone , let it be on your table for a hour open cpuspy " deep sleep " should be the longest bar of all . if not , the cpu works because a process ( app , service ) constantly wakes your phone up or you use a non standard kernel/rom which has a deep sleep problem open betterbatterystats set the first dropdown to " kernel wakelock " and second to " since unplugged " , then see if any app you have installed appears in the list , using high % numbers ( waking your phone up ) then set the first dropdwon to " partial wakelocks " and check again for any app waking your phone up with a high % number uninstall the app which causes wake locks ( preventing your phone from deep sleep ) if the problem still persists , google for further instructions with the following pattern : " wakelock + [ appname ] " without the brackets , enter the app or service name which causes high percentages in betterbatterystats , and google without the quotes !
after doing a lot of research around this issue , i deleted the relevant contact , and all the conversations , and after adding the contact again , everything worked ok . i believe it has something to do with having multiple copies of the same number in the messaging system . ie +447891 . . . . 07891 . . . . . 447891 . . . etc i might be completely wrong about this . but it definitely works now , on all 3 messaging apps that i have tried .
do not think about android as a heavily modified linux distribution . because it is not . the nearly only thing that android shares with a linux distribution is the kernel . and even this component is modified . also other core components , like the libc , differ . android has no /etc/fstab you do not need /etc/fstab to mount an partition . but there is iirc no mount command either . dev_mount should work ( root required ) . to answer your questions title : all startup system mounting is done with the/etc/vold.fstab helper script .
for anyone who comes across this via a search i found these options . . . polaris office 's word processing program implements undo that works via control-Z on my galaxy note 3 using a bluetooth keyboard . the jotterpad x text editor implements undo and redo that works fine via on-screen controls . the jotterpad x app description on the google play store claims specifically . . . compatible with physical and bluetooth keyboard including shortcut keys ( e . g . ctrl + z for undo ) on my system , jotterpad x 's undo did not work with a bluetooth keyboard , but maybe it will work on your system or with a different model keyboard .
from the terminal , you can use svc to control several elements of your device . for mobile data , it would be : to disable : svc data disable to enable : svc data enable you can simply type svc help for a list of available commands , or svc help [command] for a list of subcommands . for example : to get the list of subcommands for controlling mobile data : svc help data to get the list of subcommands for controlling wifi : svc help wifi
your previous task manager was a samsung addition , and not part of android itself . in 2.3 onwards there is a very similar and memory usage listing . if you go into settings , then into applications and click the " running services " option , it should show you everything that is running along with how much memory it is using . there is also a small graph at the bottom showing ram used vs ram free .
Settings &gt; Apps &gt; Downloaded &gt; { app } &gt; Uninstall or open the app drawer , find your app , long-press the icon and drag to the " uninstall " icon .
it call the last number used in or out , its supposed to be a quick reconnect after a dropped call . . . the the bt is supposed to be hands free , so using the phone to select a call is none hands free ! you should be able to double tap the button and get a voice recognition control , with various occasionally funny results
try : Settings → Applications → Manage Applications → select Browser ( "All apps" tab ) → Clear Data . this would delete all the data belonging to the app . quite like a factory reset , but just for that app . be careful while using this . make sure you select the correct application ( its called ' Browser' some phones and ' Internet' on some ) in the All apps list . you can accidentally delete your contacts and other important stuff if you are not careful
4 months later support finally shared me the latest rom that solved all the above issues .
as far as i know there is no way to tell the market to reinstall an app . i was hoping you could do it through the market website but i just tried and it refused to install an already-installed app . ( which bothers me because my phone and the website will definitely be out of sync regularly , i do too many third-party restores and so on . ) that said , you could clear the data for the market ( settings -> applications -> manage applications -> all -> market -> force close , clear data ) and reboot your phone , then start up the market again and look to see whether the update is available again or not . if it is not then you can trust that the latest version is installed since it grabbed that info directly from the system , and if not you can attempt the update again .
install fasterfix from the play store and follow the prompts .
you actually can enable both of those features while in airplane mode . they get turned off automatically when you first enable airplane mode , but there is nothing that prevents you from re-enabling them :
as usual , the minute after i post a question , i figured it out . timerrific had disabled vibration in some magical way .
you can go to Settings &gt; Sound &gt; Volume and turn down the media volume all the way to 0 . i used automateit to mute media sound unless the earphone is plugged . a hack that i used to do is to just cover up the speaker hole until i can turn down the volume .
samsung has two types of mhl cable : an 11-pin one for their more recent phones , and a 5-pin one for their older phones . the 5-pin one is standard and will work on non-samsung phones . the 11-pin one only works on newer samsung phones . third-party manufacturers tend to also sell both kinds , so look at which phones the cable says it is for . if it says it is for samsung galaxy s4 , or if it is y-shaped with a second usb output , then it is an 11-pin one and will not work with your phone . see my other answer on how does mhl work ? to learn more about the difference .
i would suggest using a utility such as titaniumbackup to completely back-up all your applications and your data . it will be stored on your sd card so that you can restore them all after you have installed your new rom , and you would not even notice that it was gone .
have a look at this discussion . is your problem same as the one discussed here ? if so , google is working on a fix .
this is a feature of cdma ( standardized in is-95 ) and is called voice privacy . see an analysis of is-95 cdma voice privacy by m . zhang , et al . from 2000 , free download here citation ( the real paper begins at p . 10 in the pdf : abstract . the voice privacy of is-95 cdma cellular system is analyzed in this paper . by exploiting information redundancy on the downlink traffic channel , it is shown that an eavesdropper can recover the voice privacy mask after eavesdropping the transmission on the downlink traf- fic channel for about one second . thus , is-95 cdma voice privacy is vulnerable under ciphertext-only attacks . that cryptanalysis is now 12 years old and already then was the scheme considered broken . i guess it is easy to suggest to just leave the setting disabled . by combining some information grepped from the android source , i am pretty sure it is what you are asking for . to make it a little more transparent here are some source references : packages/apps/phone/res/xml/cdma_call_privacy . xml defines : packages/apps/phone/res/values/strings . xml defines those strings : . /hardware/ril/include/telephony/ril . h defines also :
i solved the problem myself . i had a game installed on sd card named , hambo , i shifted it to phone and all apps , came back to their place , what else change i did earlier was to remove updates of android market app . so google play was removed and then i did the only change of moving one app . from sd card to phone and my problem was solved . i do not know actual reason of problem but based on what i read some where i think it was may be waiting for some update or change in some installation after the uninstallation of play update . so when i shifted an app to phone , all old things restored at their place .
if you keep using the google voice app for texting , it does not matter if you activate sms via hangouts . however , any texts you send out of hangouts will go through your verizon number , incurring carrier charges . if you are running cyanogenmod 11 rom , you may want to look into voice+ . it is a custom app that allows you to pipe all " regular " sms through google voice , from any app such as hangouts , messaging , handcent , whatsapp , etc . it is still in beta ( as is the entire cm11 ) but works quite well for keeping all the messaging together in a single app . when hangouts got ability to send/receive sms last year , google promised that they will eventually merge google voice functionality into it , thus making it a single app . this looks to be slowly happening behind the curtains . in the latest hangouts v2.1 update , bits and pieces pointing to google voice integration started showing up . we will most likely hear more about this in the upcoming google i/o developers conference this coming summer .
gtalksms ( google project page ) does what you want ( and much more ) . edit : after actively developing gtalksms , i decided that it is time to spawn a new project called maxs . see my second answer . note : according to the faq i have to disclose that i am involved into gtalksms . gtalksms is an open source gpl licensed android app . everyone can contribute .
according to this post , com.sonyericsson.usbux is enhancedusbux.apk app , which handles usb support . com.sonyericsson.capabilities belongs to DefaultCapabilities.apk app , but i have not been able to find anything about its functionality , other than a cryptic " hardware capabilities " description .
i am able to receive reset links despite having logged in today , yesterday and pretty much every day . however you should be able to access your account on your phone ( as it will use your login details to sign in to chrome ) then use that to add your phone number to your account . then pick reset my password with my phone which will send an sms to your phone .
yes , your phone must be rooted because to access that file the /system needs to be mounted as write-able once you obtain root you can run this command inside a shell : su chmod 777 /sys/class/leds/button-backlight/max_brightness then just navigate to that file and edit it using a file browser . what the chmod 777 command does is change the permissions on that file so that you can edit it . after you finish i would suggest changing the permissions back to what they were . the original permissions were probably 0666 . so it would be like this : chmod 0666 /sys/class/leds/button-backlight/max_brightness to encompass t0mm13b 's remark below , go here for information on how to make the file write-able at boot , instead of having a script be run at each boot that makes it write-able .
this turned out to actually be a network provider problem ( in my case : simplemobile in the us ) and the fix is incredibly simple : remove the proxy server from the apn and everything works . the final hint i needed was the google now error message , googling that took me to this thread on xda-developers . i have no explanation for why ' clear data ' fixed the issue for a few minutes and why this did not occur when tethering the tablet through the phone ( maybe a cached server connection somehow ? ) . it does however explain why the problem occured again when putting the sim card into the tablet ( the apn comes with the problematic proxy as a preset ) , and that should have tipped me off , i guess .
i never did find out which version of heimdall to use with either device , but settled on using odin3 v1.85 with my s2 ( did not work with an s3 , after all ) . if you have the at and t skyrocket version of the s2 , a great place to start looking is : [ howto ] the ultimate newb guide > | install cwm/twrp | root | unroot |the skyrocket
the ' haifa ( current ) ' display is the weather at the position your phone thinks it is currently located at . in other words , the ' current ' refers to current position . the other ' haifa ' display is the weather at the extra city location that you have set up . the displays show different weather because the specific locations used by your phone within haifa are presumably different , even though they are both within haifa .
most probably , street view imagery is not available for your location ( yet ) . cross check the web version with any pc for the same location that does not work on your phone check a well-supported street view location such as google hq on your phone
it is up to the app to register an intent filter for urls it can understand . when the app does this , and you click an appropriate link , the chooser asks you which you want to open . if you have previously had a chooser for amazon links , and accidentally selected to always use a web browser , you can undo this by going into the device settings , then apps . select the browser from the list , and then click clear defaults . if you have never had a chooser for amazon links , then the app can not respond to them . it is possible to use a third-party app to act as an intermediary , so that you open the amazon links in that app , and it forwards them to the amazon app , but if the amazon app does not understand the url you are using , the results are unpredictable : it might crash , or simply open to the main screen . you will have to contact the developer through their official support channels to ask them to add this feature .
thanks @rossc and @filoxo for your comments . adding these as answer : if you are rooted there is an option in titanium backup pro to remove anything from the dalvik cache not linked to an app . this orphan data suggests that data may remain in the cache after the app is no longer using it or even uninstalled . there is also nothing wrong with periodically wiping your device 's dalvik cache using a custom recover like twrp . it might take a little bit longer to start up some apps , but that would be almost unnoticeable on most modern devices .
i have had similar issues with google goggles , the android api demo app , and one or two other apps . i strongly believe this is just a bug in the battery statistics , as it has never impacted my battery life in a meaningful way . usually the way i make this go away is by rebooting the phone , although that is not ideal .
when you have any keyboard open to enter text into an app , you should see a keyboard icon among the notifications . click this to open the input method chooser , then select anysoftkeyboard from the list . the checkboxes in the language and keyboard settings only control which keyboards appear in this list .
i believe you should install the european version of samsung 's rom or any other rom of choice . this xda thread lists official firmwares for your device .
you can not do this because : there is only one google services framework running for all accounts . google accounts credentials are stored centrally from where google apps authenticate . but , there is a way to solve your issue : turn on imap from gmail settings . and , use imap in default email app or k-9 mail app . done ! play store can not see it . .
you might want to take a look at pure calendar widget . will cost you about two bucks , but does exactly what you request : widget for agenda / tasks / todo ( agenda style ) synced with google calendars show calendars from google , touchdown and moto/lg exchange show tasks from astrid , tasks ( team ) , myphoneexplorer , ultimate to-do list , tasksync , calengoo , dgt gtd , gtasks , got to do , task organizer , due today , touchdown , pocket informant pure calendar widget / agenda widget for android ( source : google play ; click image for larger variant ) an alternative could be agenda widget for android ( second screenshot above ) , which has a free trial variant ( which i linked ) and comes close to what the previously mentioned does . as i do not use any of those , i cannot tell you which might fit you best -- but at least with the free variant , you might want to give it a try : )
the . nomedia file is for the reason you stated . you can safely remove the file and other apps will be able to pick up the medias in that folder . in any case , if there is any problem you can easily create that file again . it can be a empty file with the name . nomedia . you can use programs like es file explorer to explore to that directory and create the file . edit : as per the comments below which contains very useful information : your music apps may recreate the . nomedia file when you launch it . other players will only be able to play the music if only the musics are drm free .
as i was writing that question i stumbled upon the answer in a really convoluted menu pathway . i was unable to find it in my prior research on the internet so i will post it up in case anyone is looking in future . open the settings app . go to language and keyboard . touch the settings button next to touch input under keyboard and input methods touch personal dictionary touch edit personal dictionary press the menu button then touch delete then select incorrect entries to remove .
you might wish to check with are there any solutions other than flashing gapps , to have google accounts on cyanogenmod ? – where i named an alternative : on xda , you can find the nogapps project , which basically is an opensource replacement of most google apps ( including playstore ) , often mapping to free alternatives ( e . g . openstreetmap for maps ) . the " elements " come as separate packages to install , so you can pick the ones you want – and simply skip the others . status is different for each of the services : some are actively developed , some are " not yet usable " , some seem even to be " abandoned " ( like the playstore replacement blankstore , which is discontinued since 2012 – but luckily seems to have a successor named blank store ) . i have not ( yet ) used it , so i cannot tell which parts are essential or how well those replacements work . but head over and check out for yourself . marvin seems to still actively be on it ( last update of the " lead post " was just a few days ago ) . as for " zero bloatware " and " android without google " , you might also wish to check my answer here ; )
this thread gives a nice step by step tutorial on how to re-flash to stock ics , which will relash the stock recovery . in a nutshell : how to restore galaxy s3 to android 4.0.4 ics xxlaf2 stock firmware : download the ics stock firmware file from here or here . after the rom file is downloaded successfully , you should extract its contents and you will get a single file with the ‘ . tar . md5′ extension . save it on your computer’s desktop . download odin3 3 . o4 for galaxy s3 i9300 from here . extract odin . zip contents into a single folder and save it on your pc desktop . now , power off your galaxy s3 phone and after this you will need to boot into download mode . boot into download mode by pressing ‘volume down’ + ‘home’ + ‘power’ and release these buttons only after the display powers on . press volume up button to confirm that you want to load download mode . now , go to your pc and launch the ‘odin’ executable file . the one you’ve extracted at step 4 . next , connect your sgs3 i9300 to your computer and odin should display a message box saying ‘added ! ! ’ . if you don’t see this message then it means that the usb drivers aren’t installed on your pc and you should use the download links in the preparation guide , the ones listed above this tutorial guide . if odin did find the samsung usb driver you’re free to move to the next step . in odin click the button that is called ‘pda’ . find the file you’ve extracted at step 2 . it should have the ‘ . tar . md5′ extension . select it and it will be loaded into odin . note : don’t change any of the odin’s default settings and make sure that the ‘re-partition’ option isn’t selected . press the start button in odin and the program will now begin to install the stock firmware files . when the installation is complete you will see a ‘pass’ alert displayed by odin and this means that everything went according to plan . your phone will also restart and after the samsung logo appears you are free to unplug the device from your computer . note : if odin gets stuck you are required to disconnect the phone from your pc and remove its battery and then re-insert it and , now repeat all the entire tutorial once again as something went wrong and the firmware wasn’t flashed . that should do it , now your phone has been restored to factory stock firmware . make sure to use the comments section in case you other questions .
google 's support page provides this option : to reboot your google tv : to reboot your sony tv or bluray player or your logitech revue , press control + alt + backspace on your controller . if you had adb connected you could also try adb reboot , which works on other devices .
the free app android llama can do this . best of all it is not required to use the energy-expensive gps-receiver but can do the same also with " wlan-ids-in-reach " and " cell-phone-masts-in-reach " as alternative .
ghostery for firefox has been reworked to enable it to work with firefox for android . click the link , install and enjoy not broadcasting everything you do to everybody .
flash is only available for android 2.2+ . you will not be able to install it on any older version of android .
the factory implementation does not support landscape . ( when you configure the background , you get a hint about this from the dimensions of the image ) . lanscape mode would require a custom rom .
sure it can be done . i never used this feature , so i am not sure whether there is an option for " a simple icon " , but you should take a look at the " bookmark widget": first , start your browser and create a bookmark for the page you want to link to . second , go to your homescreen , long-tap on a free space ( where you want the link to be ) , select " widgets " , and then watch out for the " bookmark widget " . tap it , select your bookmark , et voila ! there should be a shortcut on your homescreen . alternative to the second step : while still in your browser , go to " bookmarks " , long-tap the bookmark you created , and select " add to homescreen " ( source : androidcentral ) . more alternatives : is it possible to create a url link to a website on the home screen ? pinning web sites to android homescreen check the many bookmark widgets available at google play use the tasker app to create a shortcut ( not that easy when trying tasker for the first time , as it is quite complex – but here i am pretty sure it will be an icon . and as side-effect , you have got the mightiest automation tool available for android : ) to do the similar thing to open a file with an associated app , depending on the launcher used , explained using an example : go to your homescreen long press an empty space where the icon should be placed in the opening menu , select " shortcut " select your file manager ( this will not work with all file managers ; in my example , i used es file explorer , which perfectly serves this case ) now navigate to the file you want to create a shortcut for ( in my example , i selected an epub ebook ) the icon should appear on your homescreen . now , tapping that icon , either your ebook reader opens directly ( if only one is installed , or you have made it the default to " always use" ) , or , as in my case , a popup asks you to chose the app to be used ( e . g . aldiko , moon+ reader , fbreader ) .
well , that turned out to be so easy that i did not found any documentation about that . what you have to do is to long press the keyboard keys just as you do in a soft keyboard , it will show a popup with diacritics you can use for that letter ( in the image you can see what happens when you long press letter " u" ) . then click on the button corresponding to the character you want to use or the close button to exit . ( this image contains icons from farm fresh icons by fatcow web hosting ) note that not all letters have this behavior , in which case at long pressing they repeat as normally do elsewhere .
stability battery life you should be able to get an idea from reviews/comments/etc . about how well each rom performs in those areas . for an ereader that is really all you need .
since the anwer seems to be : " no there is not " , my workaround was to use an rss-reader widget , and the following rss url : search.twitter.com/search.rss?q=keyword . i think its strange i have to go through such hoops , since twitter provides a html-widget for exactly this purpose . i was expecting at least one android app to mimic this functionality .
i actualy got it by doing the update from a windows 7 computer . kies seems to have difficulties with windows 8 .
sunpech is correct about that . however , it does not quite work in the way you are envisioning it . your groups in your google contacts do not sort your contacts in your phone , instead you are simply able to specify to android which of those groups you want synced . when you are in your contact list ( in android ) you can hit menu and go to " display options " and choose your preferences there . the actual appearance of the " display options " screen will vary depending on your version of android , but ultimately , you will be able to choose which groups to include in your contacts , and even specify to only display those with phone numbers . i hope this clears things up for you .
well , only if your rooted . you would manually have to install the g-apps recovery update zip . if you tell me your country and phone type , i can provide a link , or you can see all available versions here : gapps downloads
did you check with the official changelog site ? or the xda thread on 9.1 ? the latter mentions http://cm-kang.appspot.com/anzu/ics for the changelog . and then there is this page where you even can filter changes by devices ( probably the best source to check ) . if you need more details : all that from page 1 of a simple google search for cyanogenmod changelog "9.1" ( &lt ; - hint ! ; ) ) to the first ( and explicit ) question : if there were any new features ? that probably very much depends on your device . so using the last changelog source i mentioned , filtering by the device you want to know this about , you will be able to answer your question . as i do not know your device , i can not ; )
it is not the battery retaining state , it is the phone circuitry retaining state . even when you use a " power off " command and your phone looks powered off some of the circuits will still be connected to the battery so that the phone can be turned on by just pressing the button . so there will be some circuitry powered on even after the phone was " powered off " . this is likely a bug in the circuitry . this actually happens to devices - you sometimes need to " power cycle " them by unplugging them from the power source and then plugging them back . in case of a mobile phone that requires removing and then installing the battery .
as far as i know , doing a factory restore on the device should eliminate anything left over the device . usually the process goes : revert back to your earliest nandroid backup ( that you should have taken right after you rooted ) . if you do not have it , then flash a stock rom . run the unroot reversal process ( in this case you ran an official update ) remove any left over root applications ( superuser app , etc . ) . if necessary , wipe the device by restoring to factory settings . if i am missing anything , leave a comment and i will update this .
no there is no federated xmpp client for android that supports video calling . federated because there many proprietary xmpp clients that do so , but they work only within their own network . the reason because there is no such xmpp client is pretty simple : jingle ( the xep which is used for xmpp video calling ) , is pretty new and most xmpp libraries do not support it yet . this is espically true for the most relevant xmpp library smack ( relevant because it is a java library ) . smack has some jingle components , but the development on them stopped years ago and they do not seem up to date . but there is hope : for example the beem project started to work on an jingle xmpp branch of their xmpp android client . update : jitsi has not released it yet , but it is already available in alpha and has video calls .
no , the battery does not care how it got charged in terms of a given charge . it just takes longer when using your pc because it is getting less current from the pc than the ac charger . here 's a post on android forums which suggests that the current coming from the pc is significantly less than the ac charger . the forum posts list 100ma or 500ma for the pc 's usb port vs . 1000ma from the ac charger ; these numbers could be off but the point is correct . i also found this regarding the same phenomenon with the iphone 4 . so using the ac charger is just a matter of whether you want the phone to charge quicker or not .
make a full backup , wipe everything , remove memory cards if present , send for repairs , restore backup after you receive . this is neither difficult nor time-consuming if you use something like nandroid backup . http://www.addictivetips.com/mobile/how-to-perform-and-restore-a-nandroid-backup/
to my knowledge , in fastboot mode you cannot mount the device to your pc . mtp and fastboot are two different things . according to the cyanogenmod wiki on fastboot , the solution might be simple : if you see at any point when executing fastboot command , the pc is not configured to use fastboot properly . most typically , this is because you are not running fastboot with elevated privileges . which means : you must run fastboot as root user , e.g. sudo fastboot devices or sudo fastboot-linux oem unlock . if that does not solve your issue , it might help to take a look at the steps necessary to use the adb command line utility : for adb to detect your device , you need to have setup a corresponding entry in your /etc/udev/rules.d . first run lsusb to check how the device identifies itself to the system . these data you can also take from your above quoted log : idVendor=18d1, idProduct=4e20 is the information we need . now , the corresponding entry in /etc/udev/rules.d/51-android.rules should look like : SUBSYSTEMS=="usb", ATTRS{idVendor}=="18d1", ATTRS{idProduct}=="4e20", MODE="0666" GROUP="androiddev", SYMLINK+="android%n"  save the file , and reload the udev service ( service udev reload ) . re-connect your device . now adb ( or , in your case , fastboot ) should be able to find it . you can check that using the command adb devices ( or fastboot devices ) , which now should list your nexus s .
izzy 's comments lead me to correct path , so i have managed to root the device . if somebody else having the same problem ( auto-root programs do not work but you can access device using adb root ) , here is complete how-to to root your phone manually : install Superuser from clockworkmod on google play directly to your phone prepare adb as root and make /system writeable : adb kill-server , adb root , adb remount ( you might need to kill adb.exe in task manager if it hangs ) pull the just downloaded apk to your computer : adb pull /data/app/com.koushikdutta.superuser-1.apk ( note : it may have different name in the future ) on your pc : open the apk using zip ( for example rename extension to .zip or use winrar ) copy from zip system\bin\su to your working directory push it to your phone : adb push su /system/xbin/su be sure that owner is root : adb shell chown root:root /system/xbin/su set suid and sgid bits on the binary : adb shell chmod 06755 /system/xbin/su reboot phone : adb reboot try su from adb : adb shell , su ; prompt should change from $ to # try su from phone : install terminal and use command su or use Root Checker Basic from the store if su from adb works but does not work from phone , repeat whole process from 1 but download different Superuser application from market ( for example chainsdd 's version did not work for me )
i found this app " onavo " . i did not try it but maybe you want to ; ) i read that you can set the limit in the data usage settings . but i do not find the settings , maybe because i use stock rom . hope this answer could help you .
thanks everyone especially you geffcheng ! i finally found a way to delete the file . i thought that it might work if i downloaded the same file on my pc , and then transfered it to the same folder ( downloads ) on the internal storage on my phone . i thought that my pc would ask if i wanted to overwrite the existing folder , but my pc did not and i had 2 exactly the same folders in my download folder . then i turned on the sdmaid app on my phone ( while it was still plugged in my pc ) , and i deleated the whole download folder . it actually worked ! ! so thanks again to everyone who helped ! p.s. i am sorry if you could't understand everything . i am dutch ; )
do not think its meant for persisting . . . see dianne hackborn 's comment also had a mosey around the ics source code found in packages/apps/Settings/src/com/android/settings/DevelopmentSettings.java source code to the related screen , found on android 's github . by looking for the variable that is associated with settings > developer options > background process limit ( see line number 103 ) and ( see line number 215 ) called mAppProcessLimit . with that in mind , keep looking further down in the source , the routine that is responsible for saving the settings for this particular screen called onPreferenceTreeClick . that is , in programming parlance , called a " listener " that is monitoring the changes made on that screen and writes it out immediately to the backing store by android . ( see between line numbers 790 and 858 ) unfortunately , the " listener " , in this case , does not have a reference to the persisting/saving of the value for that variable mAppProcessLimit ; which is what the op is experiencing , set it for the duration of when the handset is alive , then upon reboot , it gets lost . in short , you cannot do anything about this as that is built straight from the oven , and bundled onto your handset , but with that in mind , you can roll-your-own-custom rom variant of ics with a modified version of the source to do that .
you could download the actual facebook for android app from the marketplace . this would mean that you use the actual facebook app rather than facebook for htc sense . not sure if there is any difference between the two , but i know i have both installed on my desire and use the actual facebook for android app .
i think i have finally solved this one by using some of the folder settings in k9 . in settings --> account settings --> fetching mail , i set Poll Folders and Push Folders to " only first class folders " , and this seems to have done the job . to be honest , i am not sure what these settings mean exactly , but i will live with that .
that icon means the text is not sent . just click on that text and it will push the typed text into compose box , you just have to press send .
simply press the enter/return button in your key board . it is located at the right botton corner of your keyboard . in some cases , this button sends the sms ( or submit applications , in cases of forms in websites ) if your device does that , simply hit enter/return button while holding the shift button or the upside arrow hope this helps .
yes . the app that starts the intent ( i.e. . the app with the " take photo " button ) is responsible for choosing a file name and creating the file . it then puts that file 's uri ( its path ) in the intent . the camera app then opens that file , writes the photo to it , and gives a result back to the first app . the upshot of this is that it is up to the calling app ( the one with the " take photo " button ) to give you a way to set the file name , if they want to do that . the file name will take effect whatever camera app you use . the intent protocol does not provide a way for the calling app to ask for more than one photo , so there is no way for an app to offer this feature without launching the camera app several times in succession . if you are interested in the details , the official android developer documentation describes it , with code examples .
i have a galaxy s4 with 4.4.2 . i realize that touchwiz is a bit different between the two devices but maybe this will help . i can not tell you for sure what contributes to the ranking on the list but it seems to me that it is based on number of calls primarily . there is no one in my favorites list that i have not made a call to and i have many contacts not on the favorites list that i only sms , email , etc , with . as far as removing a contact , i can hit the menu button and have an option " remove from favorites " which brings up a checkbox list allowing me to delete .
yes , it has hspa+ which is what t-mobile 's "4g " actually stands for . this article on androidauthority should help you understanding why it does not have lte .
it is not " officially " supported , but if you take a look at xda forum you will surely find some unofficial builds . here 's a link to one
quick marketplace search for wifi notify resulted in the following : wifinotify
there is unfortunately no way to directly edit the dictionary . you can delete any user-added word by highlighting it and hitting the swype key .
a single green tick mark indicates the whatsapp servers have got your message . a double green tick mark indicates that the recipient 's device has got your message . however , it does not automatically mean that the user has read or seen the message . the last seen online may merely indicate that the user may have been talking to someone on the contact list or been in the whatsapp application for any reason like adjusting settings etc . no guarantee that the user has read your message . taken from http://www.whatsapp.com/faq/en/general/20951546
this appears to be baked in to the stock rom you are using . there are widgets , like silentwidget which will let you toggle the silent mode without using the power button method , although this requires you to go to the launcher to do this - to get around this , have a look at a multitasking app like powerstrip which will allow you to launch apps , see widgets and more from anywhere on your device without having to go back to the launcher .
i did resolve this issue eventually . i use app protector pro on the main account of the device , but it is not installed in the second user . somehow having this enabled on the primary account disrupts the screen ordering on the second and subsequent users . it occurred to me that this might be the case , and testing has proved it so . you need to disable app protector pro to resolve .
prior to android 4.0 ( aka ice cream sandwich ) it is called " droid " , and comes in serif ( regular , bold , italic , bold italic ) , sans ( regular , bold ) , and sans mono variants . a new font family " roboto " was released with 4.0 . wikipedia article on droid ( font ) google+ post on roboto
i managed to make it sound by writing to /dev/msm_pcm_out : mplayer something.mp3 -ao pcm:file=/dev/msm_pcm_out  sound is choppy and it looks hacky in general . video output is something like -vo fbdev:/dev/graphics/fb0 .
since you already had cm10 installed , you should be having the zip file with you . if you do not have it , you can download it from the previous source and place it in your sd card . if you do not have and do not know the source from where you already downloaded , you can try the one from where i had downloaded ( courtesy ) . the reason i am trying to stick to your previous download is that these zip files are unofficial cm builds and are compiled from same source by many developers , each adding their own bells and whistles and most importantly bug fixes . hence you already know what is working and what is not with your previous rom which will avoid you any nasty last minute surprises . as far as the rom that i am using , apart from what is mentioned in the blog , google location service is not working . which means that news and weather app , google maps etc will not get your location without gps . after deciding which rom zip file to use , place the zip file in sd card and switch off the phone . please backup whatever you want as the following steps is going to erase all except the sd card contents . reboot your phone into recovery mode . to do this , press and hold home button , volume down button and while holding both down , power on the device . do not release the home and volume down button until you see the cyanogenmod recovery console . then simply follow the steps as said in the blog .
install iw and then issue : iw dev wlan0 scan freq 2417  it synchronously scans only the frequency ( ies ) you specify . this can give your multiple results per second !
some options : coco dolphin opera mini skyfire here 's a quick read on androidapps . org that gives overviews on some of the more popular browsers . and a longer one from pc world . i personally just use the stock android browser . i have used dolphin hd for a while , but at times it felt slow ( on my droid ) . the opera mini browser is supposed to be pretty quick at loading pages because it will transfer your requests through opera 's servers first so that they can compress the content and send it back to you . right now , i am waiting for the release of fennec , by mozilla , which will hopefully be amazing .
you can not . those quality settings only apply to the desktop version . mobile apps use a different set of videos , which are already optimized for mobile devices , and have two different quality settings , regular and hd .
enabling usb debugging essentially starts up the adb daemon on your device , which allows it to communicate with adb on another device to enable debugging commands . it is used when developing and debugging applications , and allows you ( primarily ) to : transfer data between a computer and your device ( both ways ) read log data easily from logcat debug applications , including breakpoints and heap monitoring install and uninstall applications access a stripped-down shell on the device , for command-line interaction . leaving it enabled all the time will have a negligible impact on battery , if any at all . some other things to consider about leaving it on ( or not ) : pro : if your device has a hardware problem that prevents you from accessing the screen , usb debugging could be helpful in recovering data ( especially on a rooted device ) . pro : you can install applications , reboot your device , and generally do some other convenient things without having to actually interact with your device physically , even with the screen locked/off . pro : on a rooted device it may be possible to regain entry if you have forgotten the screen lock password/pin/pattern ( also a potential con , see below ) . pro : you can take advantage of port forwarding over usb debugging to use tethering apps like pdanet ( i believe that is how it is implemented since it does require it ) . con : if your device is lost or stolen , an unscrupulous individual could attempt to steal data from the device regardless of whether or not you have got a screen lock . if you are rooted , they can get pretty much everything . con : i recall reading that some devices can have trouble with accessing the sd card as a mass storage device when usb debugging is enabled . i have personally never seen this issue , but i have seen people allege that it was a problem . see also : using hardware devices from the android sdk documentation which discusses debugging applications on physical devices ( rather than the emulator ) . there is also a documentation page regarding the android debug bridge ( adb ) which explains its purpose and its commands .
quoting from the locale 's feedback forum regarding the backup/restore functionality : automatic backup/restore locale has automatic backup and restore using android 2.2 's cloud-based backup mechanism . there are no configuration options within locale--it just works ! to use this feature , simply make sure that backup/restore is enabled by going to the android settings -> privacy and verifying that the checkboxes for backup and restore are both checked . whenever locale is uninstalled and reinstalled , the device is factory reset , or you upgrade to a new device , the situations will be automatically restored as long as android is set up with the same google account . locale 's backup and restore is designed to work correctly across different devices with different hardware and software capabilities . for example , let 's say a backup was made on a device with wi-fi and restored to a device without wi-fi . locale will properly handle that transition . automatic backup and restore requires android 2.2 or later , as well as a handset supporting google 's backup manager . if there are no options for backup and restore under android settings -> privacy , then the device does not support backup and restore . since backups are tried to a google account , be sure to always use the same google account when setting up your android devices . manual backup/restore in addition , there is a beta manual backup/restore feature to create a manual backup to the sd card . this feature is disabled by default , and must be manually enabled . after backups are enabled , a new backup menu item will appear under the menu of the locale home screen . from that menu item , you can create a backup to the phone 's sd card . when locale is re-installed , it will automatically detect any existing backups and ask whether you had like to restore them . because manual backups are a beta feature , we are unable to offer any support . to enable manual backups , please follow these instructions : allow installing apps outside of the android market a . go to the android settings b . tap on applications c . tap on unknown sources install backup enabler a . open the web browser on your phone b . go to this address : www.twofortyfouram.com/backup.apk c . once the download completes , tap on the download d . follow the instructions to install perform backup a . open locale b . choose menu -> backup
according to this : http://www.modaco.com/topic/370148-mwc-2014-sony-xperia-tablet-z2-hands-on/ and on this video : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qjut4zawqqw#t=172 ( at 2:51 ) so lte versions are capable of making and recieving phone calls .
you could use a vpn to " mask " all your traffic . this way your provider would still be able to count the amount of data transfered -- but he would no longer be able to see its contents . vpn requires a client ( which comes already integrated with recent android versions -- but additionally , there are a lot of apps available for this on the google playstore ) and a server . the latter you can establish on your own hardware ( software is available for most operating systems -- even some routers have this capability built-in ) . alternatively , there are providers available offering vpn as a service . the techrepublic has a quite detailed article on this topic : securely connect your android smartphone via vpn . it describes what can be done this way , and also includes the necessary steps to set up everything . so if this approach sounds good to you , follow the link for more details . other good sources can surely be found following the vpn tag here on ase .
there are many options for custom roms , even for " older " phones such as the s3 . personally i would recommend paranoid android rom as it is very " googley " . i run it on my htc one x and it is very good . you can get started with that by looking on the xda community for that device . unfortunately , you will have to wipe your apps and data , but if you are rooted you can do a backup with something like titanium backup . you may be able to get away with just installing the apk for gear manager , there are many people that have reported that this works on other devices . yes , you will still have access to the play store if you flash the correct gapps for your device .
in my view , battery capacity i.e. the mah value is best the way to compare . the reason why i say this is that the battery drain includes so many factors that even a small software glitch can show a remarkable difference . hence the standby time is a combination of several factors which are not reliable for comparison , unless they are from from same manufacturer ( with a hope that there will not be variations in test situation ) . the guide from gsmarena explains this clearly as : manufacturers measure talk time in controlled conditions and the quoted numbers are rarely reached in real-life scenarios . these numbers are best used as reference when comparing phones from the same manufacturer because battery life measurement methodology will probably vary from manufacturer to manufacturer . with battery rating at least you know your how much capacity the battery has and how it gets used or wasted is simply a temporary situation ( i.e. . by changing rom , updates , platform upgrades etc ) .
these apps will not work with custom rom 's , as they are designed to be run with the samsung software , and require libraries etc from the samsung software .
i tried a lot of things . i think switching usb cables made a difference . after i switched and tried the vol down button holding while inserting the usb cable , the phone was recognized in emma but it was locked . but i was able to make flash mode work . so i retried pc companion , the update option which mentions resetting the phone/having trouble which opens a new menu . there i had to download the latest firmware first and then i had to do the vol down thing again after which it started installing the firmware on the phone . emma and pc companion are sony software .
a brief post about speeding up a htc hero . are you with sprint by any chance ? this thread and this thread have at least one suggestion : have a look in menu > settings > about phone > system updates > htc software update . apparently there is a . 6 firmware patch . unfortunately , most of the posts are not reassuring . perhaps time to upgrade/change phones ?
1 ) because only the root user can change the system 's frequency/governor . it is a system level function call and only root can do that . 2 ) under clocking really is not the problem . . . it is over clocking . you can not really damage the device , but you could end up in an infinite boot loop and an average user may not know how to get out of that . 3 ) also : you usually want to replace the kernel when over/under clocking to get new frequencies and possibly under volting to save power ( but at the same time , you are going out of the parameters of the cpu and it may end up boot looping because no two cpus are made exactly alike when you are doing things outside their normal operating parameters ) .
i have solved my own problem today and i would like to provide the solution for others that might encounter it . the actual internal memory for this phone should amount to exactly 0,96 gb or close to that . i got aware of this comparing my phone to another one from the same model . i first tried formatting the flash memory ( or mass memory ) on my phone , but to no avail . so i tried doing a reset and it solved the issue . to do this : go to settings . choose privacy . select factory data reset or the corresponding example in your native language . wait for the phone to do its thing . you should see some code/script running on the screen . now wait . when everything is loaded and you configured the minimum settings , open the application task manager . you should be able to see the correct size .
its been my experience that only paid apps remain in your my apps list after data is erased from your phone . i believe that the list of downloaded free apps is stores in the phones memory so its lost when you wipe it . this is the benefit of services like appbrain . edit : as thunsaker points out , if you use google 's android backup service and you have a 2.2 or later device it will save the list of your downloaded app ( among other things ) and restore that to the market after a restore .
as of v1.11 ( possibly before ? ) , the app itself now contains the changelist . just press the menu button , hit more , hit settings , and scroll down .
both ubuntu phone ( which is based on the same linux distro as full ubuntu ) and android run on a linux kernel . however they differ above the kernel level , whereas ubuntu runs a full gnu/linux os with most of the standard linux libraries , and a gui based on qt , android runs a custom android and dalvik platform instead . it looks like one of the big benefits of them both being based on the same linux kernel is driver support . this means that for any android phone that has open-sourced drivers available ( either officially from the manufacturer 's source , or where a 3rd party rom developer has written them ) , it should be a much easier to task to get ubuntu phone running on it . ( notably pretty much every picture on the ubuntu phone site at the moment looks like it is of a galaxy nexus running ubuntu phone ) . ubuntu has already been adapted to run on chipsets using the arm and intel x86 architectures relevant for mobile devices , with the core system based around a typical android board support package ( bsp ) . so chipset vendors and hardware manufacturers do not need to invest in or maintain new hardware support packages for ubuntu on smartphones . in short , if you already make handsets that run android , the work needed to adopt ubuntu will be trivial . ( from http://www.ubuntu.com/devices/phone/operators-and-oems - my emphasis ) this means that , initially at least , it is phone manufacturers and ubuntu enthusiasts who are going to see the biggest benefit - that it should be fairly easy to get ubuntu phone working on a handset that was designed for android ( and fairly easy to sell the same hardware with a choice of os ) . as the vast majority of android apps are written using java for the dalvik vm , neither of which are guaranteed to be on an ubuntu phone ( though enthusiasts may port them later ) most of those apps will not work without a large amount of porting effort . ubuntu themselves are unlikely to be in a hurry to port java and dalvik to ubuntu phone after the legal problems that google have had with oracle . also the ubuntu phone has it is own qml toolkit and ubuntu sdk , neither of which are the same as ( or compatible with ) the android sdk or ndk apis , so again that is going to be a large amount of porting effort that will prevent android apps from being run on ubuntu straight away . on the other hand , if your app is primarily a web app with an android wrapper around it , then porting should be much easier as both heavily support html5 and javascript . web apps are first class citizens on ubuntu , with apis that provide deep integration into the interface . html5 apps written for other platforms can be adapted to ubuntu with ease , and we’re targeting standard cross-platform web app development frameworks like phonegap to make ubuntu ‘just work’ for apps that use them . ( from http://www.ubuntu.com/devices/phone/app-ecosystem ) despite all of those differences , history in the mobile space has shown us that if a mobile platform takes off in a big way , then no matter how big the time and effort needed to port apps between platforms , all the big apps and games will make their way to the new platform eventually and companies will come out with toolkits and software that makes it easy to write an app once that can then be compiled to run on any of the major platforms ( that allow it ) . it seems that most of ubuntu 's app-portability is concentrating on making it easy to convert web apps into ubuntu phone apps , and to make it easy to run exactly the same app on any ubuntu device - desktop , laptop or phone : with the arrival of the ubuntu sdk , apps can be written to work on all ubuntu form-factors : it’s the same ubuntu os on the desktop and on the phone , so a single native application can work on both . which means you re-use most of the app when you add support for a new form-factor . ( from http://www.ubuntu.com/devices/phone/app-ecosystem ) tl ; dr ubuntu phone and android are both based on a linux kernel but are different above that - they can share drivers ( this is good for manufacturers and hobbyists ) , but can not share apps . ubuntu phone shares apps with desktop ubuntu , not with android . they both have good web browsers and can view the same web pages .
for android devices the answer is : 18 months is the maximum supported lifetime . i found this in the google android faq . it is said that the 2 year old galaxy nexus does not recieve an update to android 4.4 " kitkat": galaxy nexus , which first launched two years ago , falls outside of the 18-month update window when google and others traditionally update devices .
i would suggest clearing the data . also , are you sure that the contact is actually being synced by the facebook application . the facebook application may not think that the contact is the " same person " that you know that it is . i would clear the data and reset up the syncing for the facebook app . there maybe something in there that is preventing the image to update . maybe a corrupt image , or data .
if you are using the stock android keyboard , you can report it on the central android bug tracker . be warned that there are already more than 25000 reports there , and many never receive any response from google . if you find a bug in a third-party keyboard you are using , visit the keyboard 's page in google play ( either through the play store app or on the website ) and click email developer . lastly , and this definitely is not applicable in this case , if you find a bug in a device manufacturer 's keyboard ( such as the samsung keyboard found on samsung phones ) , the answer will depend on which manufacturer , so you should contact their product support in the first instance . hardware manufacturers tend not to have publicly-accessible bug trackers .
obvious : it syncs google+ notifications if you have a google+ account . for example , comments on one of your posts ( depending on your notification settings ) . not as obvious : you need the google+ app for it to work .
i asked a similar question . as a workaround , you can use the data profile feature of titanium backup pro with the analytics app .
dlna is basically the same thing . there are several apps that allow you to use dlna like twonky .
this is not possible , since viber needs to be running in order to receive calls which are routed via viber . if you shut down the background process , you can not be reached via viber . the exit button just means it closes the ui , but keeps listening for calls in the background .
in the settings of the gmail app there is a setting called " email notifications " . uncheck that setting , and you should stop getting notifications from it .
try this app : fb remap for htc chacha
at the time i was semi-blindly following another poorly written walkthrough that just had a series of commands without explaining them . now with some knowledge i eventually worked out that it was better to flash the image to the phone . still do not know why it was taking so long though . eventually with flashing to the phone and then the cyanogen mod , i got it all working . now with rommanager on my phone it'll be sooo much easier in future !
to remove it , click on the three vertical dots on the top-right of your screen . then , go to settings . scroll down to " priority senders " and unmark the tick box . hope it helps .
this is often caused by linking other social networks ( via the appropriate app ) or third party e-mail providers to the android device . this will cause the contact lists or address books to be synced and shown in your device . this includes for example last fm yahoo mail skype etc .
changing the default language to non hebrew should solve the problem . i know that may be a pain , but the only other option then is to manually change it . these areas of the email messages are " populated " and use the device language to get the values to use .
not as far as i know ; it is name is just " browser " . to distinguish it from the other browsers , sometimes i call it " stock browser " . btw , it is called firefox now ( or firefox mobile ) , and no longer fennec .
answering an old question , i know , but android 4.2 has " always-on vpn " in the menu on the vpn settings page : setting a vpn profile under this will maintain the vpn connection , and only allow network traffic when connected to it . more info : http://support.google.com/nexus/bin/answer.py?hl=enanswer=2819573 ( it may have been added in an earlier version of android , but my nexus 7 auto-updated before i got around to setting up the vpn : )
it is a fairly common issue apparently . here 's how to fix it : link just killing the dmclient and cmclient services and rebooting did the trick for me . but disclaimer : results may vary .
tasker can have approaching/leaving a location as a trigger , and sending a text message as an action . i have read before of people setting it up to do exactly what you are asking for .
you will not find this setting in android 's gmail app , but on the gmail mobile site ( accessed via browser ) it is here :
just having a usb port is not enough : the host device also needs to understand what protocol the whiteboard uses to communicate ; in other words , the language the whiteboard speaks . there are a number of standard protocols , or profiles , for common devices such as keyboards and mice , but a whiteboard is not one of these . if the whiteboard works by pretending to be a mouse , then it might work as a mouse in android just by plugging it in . the specs for the whiteboard should say " usb hid profile " or something like that , in that case ; or if you have used it with a pc , you might already have noticed something similar . if the whiteboard does not act as one of the standard profiles , you will need the manufacturer of the device to provide drivers and user software for android . a driver for windows or linux will not do . depending on how the driver works , it might be in the form of an app you can just install the usual way , but more likely , there will be a kernel module , and you will need to compile your own custom rom for your device ( which may not be possible for your device anyway , if other drivers for the device are not available ) .
to return to the last page you visited , you can just tap on the screen to notice a bar in the bottom . if you look closer you can see a blue triangle that marks the last visited page . click on it and you will return to that page ! click image for larger version hope this helps .
before you do anything - make a nandroid backup using clockworkmod recovery or any other recovery tool that you may have . this is really important as it means that anything you can can be undone if needed . that said - i believe you can delete these files . i have not removed files from /data/data/ manually before , but to the best of my knowledge it will not have any bad side effects . i recommend you try just renaming that folder to something else to start off with and run your phone for a while to see if anything bad happens , if not then you are good to just remove it .
here is some performance tips : have plenty of extra space in the internal memory . the phone uses the internal memory to store apks and caches , if you have very little internal memory , it might make it difficult for the phone to find contiguous area large enough to store and load the cache . while flash-based storage are not as badly affected by fragmentation as disk-based storage , there will still be a major performance hit if the apks or cache file is fragmented into 1000 pieces . you should not need to clear caches . the caches are needed for the best performance of the phone . if you clear caches , and you have performance improvement , that is just because you have made an extra space and that makes it easier for new programs to create and load their caches . while you might be happy with this , it is only a temporary fix until the program rebuilds the cache and it becomes sluggish again . best way to resolve this situation is to keep an amount of empty space ( about 10-30% of the internal memory , the optimal figure depends on the size of your internal memory ) , do not install too many programs and uninstall programs you do not use ; this way you prevent program you do not use to build caches you do not use . prefer small programs , which generally produces smaller caches . avoid app2sd for applications you frequently use , unless you have class 6 or higher sd card . put only big applications that you do not use frequently on sd card ( e . g . games ) ; homescreen , keyboard , and widgets should be in the internal memory for best performance ( android prevents you from installing them on sd card , but it is not impossible to force move them to sd ) . avoid program that have background services and avoid home screen widgets . while there are valid reasons for programs to spawn background service ( e . g . music player , im , etc ) and while some home screen widgets are very useful ; they can degrade performance if you have too many of them . background service and home screen widgets will eat up rams that the os cannot reclaim as easily as sleeping applications . android usually will reclaim memory from unused applications first , but only in very dire circumstances that it kills background services and home screen . this is not an outright ban on background services and home screen widgets ; just to be a bit conservative in the use of widgets since no os in the world can smoothly run more programs than it was designed to handle .
specify ssid in the wifi connected context to be ABC/XYZ this will activate the context if you connect to abc or xyz , reference : http://tasker.dinglisch.net/userguide/en/matching.html
i found out that this was caused by installing supern64 . strange that it caused something across the entire phone and every app , not just itself .
the app 's author himself explains how it works at the top of the second page of that thread you linked to : it is the same idea as faceniff ( i am a developer of it also ) , basically it sends arp reply 's to all of the devices in the network fooling them to think that your mobile is router . and then all of the devices try connecting to network through your device . . . and you just drop every single packet from them . in this version it is just dropping packets but maybe later i will try adding some sort of primitive reject target . and slightly more on page 5 originally posted by jufjufjuf is this using an arpspoofing attack ? just wondering if there was anyway to send out de-auth packets through android like airdrop-ng ? yes , it is using arp spoofing . i suppose there is a way to send deauth packets but it would require modifying kernel drivers for wifi card . afaik it will not work out-of-the-box because most of android wifi drivers do not allow packet injections and even changing the mac address of the nic is super-difficult in a lot of devices . as far as tools for desktop oss go , there are a few that will do this kind of thing , mdk3 seems to be a popular one for doing this kind of thing .
as far as i now android device slowdown can occur for several reasons : very low amount of free ram . check under settings> apps> running how much free ram you have if your free ram is too low ( 70-150mb or less ) it is probably the cause so check which app/apps , if it is not an app maybe it is a bug in the rom . ( see 3 ) low free space on internal storage . ( check under setting> storage ) if the free space is too low ( ~2gb or less ) , try free up some space and check if that helps kernel bug/misconfiguration . try to check your cpu usage stats , clock speed , governor , number of active cores etc . . . ( if you havn't flashed a custom kernel and never changed the governor/clock speed or other performance settings it is probably not the problem ) rom bug you can try perform a nandroid backup , then reinstall the rom after full wipe and see how it performs , if it is still slow , try clean install of the version that previously worked fine ( only if you know what you doing ! ) bug in one of the user apps . if your cpu/ram usage is too high for no reason maybe one of your apps eating it . i recommend you to try osmonitor or any similar app to find which app eating your cpu/ram . ( lack of trim , trim does exist in android 4.3 and up so it is not the problem ) ( in some rare cases bad sdcard can cause such problem but it is not the problem too since galaxy nexus does not have card slot )
this has happen to me with some apps . . . did you lost your imei ? i mean , maybe in the process of rooting , sim-unlocking , rom updating your phone , etc . . . you did something wrong and " lost your imei " . it seems having an imei of 004999010640000 indicates so . at least this happened to me with my galaxy s ( i9000 ) some apps seem to uniquely identify a user by imei . if you have this 004999010640000 imei you are now part of a club of hundreds with that exact same wrong imei . so someone who also " lost his imei " might have registered to those apps before . this happened to me with openfeint for example . to check your imei go to settings > about phone > status
tldr : i have found a solution work-around : go to google contacts in your browser and remove the emails from the contact ( you can put them in the notes to avoid losing them ) . let it sync with your phone . add emails back to the contact ( still from the browser ) . you can now do all the " mark as default " you want because it will keep calling correctly . long version : i decided to do some other experiments . i started by creating a contact specifically for this ( with 2 fake phone numbers and 2 fake emails ) and let it sync with my phone . used " mark as default " to select just the phone number . it kept working fine . then i selected the default email . thats when the phone started to try to make internet calls . to continue my experiments i needed to deselect the email ( which is not possible from the phone ) , so i went to google contacts from my browser and removed the emails and let it sync with my phone . i then re-added the emails . to my surprise the issue vanished completely for that contact . sure enough i did the same for my problematic contacts and everything is fine now . : )
this seems like a bug in one of the apps you use . best you can do is report it to their developers through the play store .
the avd is not in charge for real devices . there is a step-by-step tutorial from xamarin for nexus devices : http://developer.xamarin.com/guides/android/getting_started/installation/set_up_device_for_development/ http://developer.xamarin.com/guides/android/deployment,_testing,_and_metrics/debugging_with_xamarin_android/ if this will not work , try to stop your firewall .
swiping down on the left side of the screen should bring down the notification window shade and swiping down on the right side of the screen should bring down the new " quick settings " window shade which has the settings icon and some other handy settings easily available . as far as the screen adjusting , this is known as auto-rotate and can be changed in the quick settings as well ( shown below ) . notification shade : quick settings shade :
you should first check which ip address ( and network ) your hotspot is using . from the command-line ( e . g . using a terminal app like android terminal emulator or adb shell ) you can figure this out with the command ifconfig wlan0  if you rather want to avoid the command line , or your device uses womething other than wlan0 for the interface and you want to avoid guessing , os monitor is an app which tells you all the necessary details for each interface as well . once you have found out the correct data , you can specify those on your laptop : use the ip of the interface for the gateway , and take network and mask accordingly .
this is caused by the strict mode setting under the developer options . it flashes a red border around the screen when anything does a long operation on the main thread .
if you are sure you can remove the apps , you need to be rooted ( see how do i root my phone ? ) to do so . i recommend using titanium backup to uninstall them , you just load titanium and then click on the app name to bring up a menu where you can uninstall it .
go into Settings | Data usage . then in the Mobile tab , you will find a list of the applications that have recently used data . click on any of these applications and there will be a checkbox to restrict background data while the phone is using a mobile connection ( as opposed to wifi ) . i am not aware of a way to control the sync frequency .
you can not . rim 's pin system and bbm are proprietary . you can only communicate with a blackberry user via pin messages or bbm if you have a blackberry . get a new bold 9900 / 9930 , they are great ! full disclosure : i work for rim . this is not an official statement from rim either , this is me speaking as a user in my off time at home . i honestly think the new bold is the best bb yet .
most darky 's packages i have seen are your normal update . zip variety that are flashed through recovery , so you should be good to go . if it is an odin package it should say so &mdash ; always vet your sources ( here 's a good one ) . i see no reason to believe flashing from cm would be a problem either unless it messed with your partitions . if you have problems you can always odin to stock and then root , install clockworkmod , and flash darky 's again . the whole process only takes a couple minutes . ( so if you are concerned , go right ahead and odin to stock , it costs you nothing ; just save your backups to a pc first . )
there should be a " downloads " app in your app drawer . open it to view your downloads . previous versions of android ( up to gingerbread , afaik , possibly honeycomb ) had a " downloads " option in the browser itself under Menu-&gt;More-&gt;Downloads , but it is possible this no longer exists on ics . alternatively , if you have a file manager they should be in /sdcard/download , i believe ( on ics this actually appears to have changed to /sdcard/Download with a capital ' d' ) . it can vary by device a bit , but generally it should be /&lt;whatever_your_"sdcard"_path_is&gt;/download .
if you lock a message , when you delete a conversation with a locked message , every message other than the locked message will be erased from that conversation .
there is nothing that forces the use of https for android applications . some data may not make sense to transfer over https , instead relying on other mechanisms ( say , gpg key signature checks ) to verify the data .
i think i have found the solution . check this link . it is a hack and it requires a phone to be rooted , but it does allow you to use alphanumeric password for encryption and pin for screen unlock .
simply put , fastboot oem lock puts your bootloader into a mode that prevents you from overwriting your recovery image , without a subsequent fastboot oem unlock . this serves as a security precaution , primarily where the default recovery and firmware is installed . because : the default recovery will only allow manufacturer/google signed firmware to be installed and does not allow you to do much of anything else . unlocking the bootloader will erase all data . . . . . you can rest assured that , under this configuration , no one can take your phone and , say , bypass a screen lock by installing a custom firmware where the security considerations are different . note that as this merely locks in your recovery , and then again only from bootloader-overwrites , this is most useful where the recovery is stock , and the installed rom is an official one that has no security vulnerabilities . this is important because in most recoveries , and in some roms , there are ways to clandestinely access data via usb , bypass security settings with fixed button presses or unpatched backdoors , or install custom recoveries .
k-9 mail allows to choose the " from " mail address when composing a message ( or replying to a received message ) . click the " from " address field and a pop-up menu will appear which allows you to choose the appropriate account . k-9 supports pop/imap/exchange ( via webdav ) accounts . pictures for illustration compose window : account chooser :
i manually setup an exchange activesync account with the following settings :
the instructions i have followed in the link above do the job . the solution to my two problems listed above was : replace this micro/mini usb to usb adapter http://www.bestbuy.com/site/rocketfish%26%23153%3b+-+1.5%27+usb+cable/1000247.p?id=1218207305639skuid=1000247st=rf-cc1mccp=1lp=1 . . . with this one : http://www.bestbuy.com/site/rocketfish%26%23153%3b+mobile+-+micro+usb+data+transfer+cable/2077196.p?id=1218308698225skuid=2077196st=rocketfish%20micro%20usb%20cp=1lp=3 it sounds weird but trust me do not get micro usb to usb adapter from the first link . you will not be able to access the kindle fire as a storage device , guaranteed .
to add to @mattthew ' s comment , even if you move the apps to sd card part of them always reside inside internal memory . also the system needs to know what apps are installed , apps like market need to know about them . so , no they will not work after factory reset . for big games like from gameloft the extra data you downloaded from inside the game will work though . i do not know what will happen to this with the new market policy of allowing upto 4gb files .
my assumption would be you need to install some kind of language package , buy a phone from the country of origin for that language , or convert the files back to english language . when i go to settings > language and keyboard and look at the languages i can only choose from english and spanish . so to install another language search the market for it like so , " russian language pack " . install and go back to the language place in settings and select it . then see if you can play the files . if that does not work you are going to have to try the other two options .
yes and kinda . you are talking about usb on the go ( otg ) and android is capable of it but it is not officially supported . i could not find any apps in the app market that handle it but here are a couple people that got it working : http://sven.killig.de/android/n1/2.2/usb_host/ ( this guy basically turned his nexus one into a whole work station ) http://www.tombom.co.uk/blog/?p=124 that second tutorial tells you to hack a cable but you can actually buy an otg cable so this is not necessary . also , i have seen some phones claim they are going to come out with usb otg a while ago but i do not recall anything ever materializing .
after rooting you will still be left with stock android just with elevated privileges as you have said . remember , your data will be wiped , so i would recommend doing a backup first ! if a new os update comes along you will not be able to install via the normal over the air method , but you can still download the update manually and flash it via twrp . if you take a look here you can see all the other things you gain by rooting .
this happens when you use link2sd or apps2sd and move either the swype app or the swype installer app to your sd card . to fix it , move the installer and swype back to the phone and reboot . i found some of this information on http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1042241 the rest i figured out by trying things .
as stated in the comments under the question , opera mobile acts in a much more sensible manner , creating a new tab for each link clicked . https://market.android.com/details?id=com.opera.browser
you need to install apps that are classified as " accessibility apps " . the most used ones are part of the eyes-free suite ( talkback , kickback , soundback , accessibility preferences , eyes-free shell , talking dialer , rock lock , walky talky , intersection explorer ) , plus several useful 3rd party apps such as ideal web reader , ideal magnifier , and k9 mail . more info - https://eyes-free.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/documentation/android_access/enabling.html
you do not need to use 3rd party things like a swap partition or zramswap . 512mb ram was/is still standard and will be sufficent for almost all scenarios most probably for some time ( at least for android 4.0 and 4.1 , see this cyanogenmod forum post ) . ( you stated in the comments that your xperia active has 512mb ram ) longer version : to begin with , " rom " is basically a false name for the system partition and means read-only-memory ( it is most of the time mounted read-only , hence " rom" ) , this sits most probably on some kind of nand flash . ram ( random-access-memory ) is ' working ' memory that is really fast but volatile in comparison to nand flash . both types are needed ( fast vs . persistent ) and cannot be interchanged . at least not completely ( you could add a swap partition on custom roms . ) at first : do not use the internal memory as swap ! flash storage ( nand ) has only about 10.000 write cycles . better use your sdcard for it . see this guide on xda for the pro 's and con 's and howto do it . if you just want to play around and wonder if you could do something useful with the free space on your /data partition : do not do it . leave it the way it is . here 's a basic picture illustrating a regular architecture .
the galaxy s plus i9001 looks like the i9000 however it has completely different internals : side by side comparison at gsmarena . com different cpu ( 1.4ghz qualcomm snapdragon vs . 1ghz samsung hummingbird ) different gpu ( adreno vs powervr ) different baseband modules ( the i9001 has faster hsdpa ) better battery , less internal space ( 512mb vs 2gb for the i9000 ) most importantly , the i9000 is well supported while the i9001 's community support is rather poor . there is no official cm port for it . see the i9001 's forum at xda-developers.com. regarding the approaches : yes , you can use the same tools and your knowledge for the i9000 . just not the same rom downloads .
use android device manager to get past your password , then you will be able to access menus and change the language .
this may help i have test moto g 1 . open message 2 . choose attach option on right side options ( picture , capture picture , videos , capture video , audio , record audio and slideshow ) . 3 . choose capture video/videos , if choose video then we have send small video otherwise its not selected . 4 . then last send mms .
it will only show up if you open up an application that will use the gps for something . for example just open up google maps . if you want to know if you left the gps activated , just slide the notification panel and at the top you will have the toggle buttons , one of them is the gps .
ftpserver is very good , swiftp is another option . i believe they are both in the market .
your google research is correct . there is an order . root → unlock bootloader → install custom recovery ( twrp or cwm ) → backup current rom → install custom rom ( cyanogenmod or aosp etc ) . without being rooted and having bootloader unlocked , you will not be able to install recovery and custom room . that is why it needs to be done first . cyanogenmod is pre-rooted . so you do not have to do it again once it is installed . initial rooting of your current rom and installing recovery is only one time process . you can then backup/restore the roms using the recovery of your choice ( twrp/cwm ) . assuming you have rooted/installed custom recovery , make sure to backup current rom should anything go wrong . also wipe data/cache/dalvik cache before installing the new custom rom . there is usually a hardware combination button to access recovery menu or you can issue reboot recovery command from terminal .
open joined contact > menu button > mark as default > chose account , name , phone . thats all .
yes . it is possible to flash android devices under linux . the fact is that android does not need drivers - both adb and fastboot use libusb and talk to the devices directly . your main concern should be finding compatible fastboot binary - some oems use proprietary fastboot extensions to handle certain functions . obviously you can not expect to be able to follow the windows tutorial under linux . fortunately for you unrevoked ( the tool used in the tutorial you linked ) has a linux version as well .
i have found the solution some time ago . the app external keyboard helper pro makes it work correctly .
turns out it was the micro-usb cable i was using to connect the kindle to my laptop . once i found my uber quality asus cable , progress began . . . now the os atleast properly detecting the device , and loading it as a mass usb storage device . dmesg : however , adb devices now gave : List of devices attached ???????????? no permissions  to get adb to properly list the device , and be able to connect to it , please see this solution on so : stackexchange-url
there are really only 2 tool tips that you dismiss . you had be better off finding a tutorial or video to teach her .
what you want to achieve is working perfectly fine e.g. with locus maps , as i can say from my own experience . you can even use kmz files − and if they are self-contained ( i.e. . all pictures etc . are inside the file , no external resources linked ) , you can even create your own travel guides ( i did that , works like a charm ) . the offline maps can be selected and downloaded for free from inside the app as well .
i believe you need the stock recovery , based on http://2chnull.info/r/smartphone/1292830738/801-900 . you can get back to stock recovery easily , for example follow this thread : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=884093
no , the droidx can not run custom kernels . " it is still impossible to flash custom kernels on the droid x , but the rom developer community has matured to a point where they’re able to make great things happen on this phone without having to rely on changes to the kernel . "
you might want to take a look at scriptmanager : manage and execute shell scripts and programs in file system . all executions run over vt100 terminal accepting user input and esc codes ( colors , bel , cursor movement . . ) run them at boot-up and/or on network status change possibility . schedule at selected time . ( cron jobs ) alternatively , tasker can be used as well to execute scripts ( and other tasks ) at certain events – as , e.g. , on boot .
so far , it seems like this dictionary has eluded people all over . there are a few things that have worked for most people as far as getting swype under control . to delete a single word , type it using swype , highlight it ( by clicking or double clicking the word ) , and press the swype key ( button with " info " icon ) to add a word , type it very carefully letter by letter and press the swype key to save it to the dictionary to batch add multiple words to the dictionary ( this has been tested and worked ) , type the words you wish to add in a text document ( either on your phone or on your computer and then view it on your phone ) . highlight the block of text and push the swype key . this should add every word in the block to the dictionary .
have a look on http://www.appoozle.com/ they provide an app and a web information service that allows publishers to justify the permissions their apps require .
how about using nfc to tell the phone that it should switch itself to driving mode when inserted into the cradle ? you can get nfc stickers for few euro/pounds on ebay . . . , put one to the back of the cradle , setup your phone and off you go :- ) that probably is not what you are looking for but still , it is nice and elegant solution ; - )
do you mean you want to see which ports are being used on the pc or android device ? you can use the netstat command for this . on windows : netstat -an | find /i "listening" on linux : `netstat -an | grep " listen " ( notice the space after listen ) this shows all the ports that are listening for incoming connection ( i.e. . have a server of some kind behind them ) . if you need to know which server , you can use this on linux : netstat -anp | grep "LISTEN " . do not know about the windows counterpart , but there is a -o switch to print the process id and you can compare it to the ones in task manager .
the wikipedia page on loop devices explains this pretty well . it is basically a " pseudo-device " ( i.e. . a device which does not exist physically ) that allows a file to be treated as a block device ( for example , a hard drive ) . you need support for it because the ubuntu system is stored as a . img file , which is essentially created to be a file representation of a filesystem or disk partition . by mounting it on a loop device you can access the file as though it really was a whole filesystem , thus creating a sort of " virtual " partition ( or disk ) for ubuntu to live on .
rooting the galaxy attain 4g ( sch-r920 ) on metropcs a step by step tutorial accredit to zhelezaka from http://forum.x-drivers.com/ . requirements : necessary files : all files hosted on my dropbox account ! odin3 v1.85 ; attain rooted update ; attain 4g pit file ; setup : a pc running the windows operating system ; i have used windows 7 the cable to connect your android device to the pc . tutorial : download all files from the " necessary files list " to a folder on your desktop ; extract *odin3_v1.85 . zip* to a folder on your desktop ; locate an open the odin 1.85 . exe to open up odin3 ; if the user account control ( uac ) pops up , accept the execution of the file . click on the pda button . navigate to the location where you downloaded the attain-rooted-update . tar file and select it . click on the pit button . navigate to the the location where you downloaded the attain-4g . pit file and select it . do not forget to extract the file first , since the application only works with the attain-4g . pit file inside the zip you have downloaded . make sure that repartition is unchecked . this is important as checking this will most definitely brick your device ! note that when you select the pit file , it gets checked , you need to uncheck it yourself . power down your device ; with your device switched off , press and hold the volume down + home + power buttons . then press the volume up key to enter the download mode . connect your device to the windows pc . you should see the id:com field light up yellow when you do this ; if this does not happen , it means that you don’t have the necessary drivers installed . you can download samsung kies and install it to rectify this problem . android sdk samsung usb driver your odin3 screen should now look like the picture posted below . again , make sure that the re-partion tickbox is unchecked before you click start ! click on start . note : once odin3 says " pass " and your device reboots , your samsung galaxy attain 4g should be rooted ! ! if you are in doubt though , the usual way to confirm is to download root checker from the google play store or look for the superuser app in the app drawer . useful links : samsung product page gsmarena device specifications
this answer is based on comments from niall c . there are 5 phases in the process : select each contact , and then link them when relevant . the goal is to have 1 friend = 1 contact . export the list ( contact > menu > more > import export > to sd card ) , it will work even if you do not have any sd card . transfer the file to a computer ( the file is quite light , even with gpg keys and user pics ) open gmail , backup your contact by exporting them import the vcf file and that is all ! your contacts in gmail have now phone numbers ! do not worry , gmail merge contacts becase their email adress is already known . source : stackexchange-url
the cyanogenmod team feels that swap does not serve it is purpose on an android device : this question is hotly debated , but you almost definitely do not need swap or compcache . . . you can read all about it at the swap and compcache - cyanogenmod wiki ! to answer you question directly , by default the swap and compcache schemes are disabled , but if you still feel the need to use them , above link provides you with a how-to . so , yes , the cyanogenmod 7.2 supports swap and its usage needs to be activated . the swap and compcache schemes usage depends on the device and its support for it . as a side note , the cyanogenmod 7 . x is gingerbread-based not froyo , as can be read here : after 3 rounds of release candidates , and squashing a few more bugs in the stabilization branch of cyanogenmod 7 , the newest stable iteration of the gingerbread-based cm7 is now being released .
the process for getting cm on htcs in my experience ( htc sensation , raider , one s , desire z ) has been to : unlock the bootloader , usually via htc dev , after installing only sync drivers flash custom recovery - twrp preferred , but cwm works fine flash superuser zip file for easy root . if that does not work , i can suggest vroot , worked great on an lenovo ascend g610 with little documentation on the web run s-off tool of choice , sometimes terminal based , sometimes it is an easy apk set supercid for easy flashing of other stock roms flash cyanogen and gapps , make sure to clear data before first boot do not try to install custom bootloaders with s-on , as i have bricked an htc hero that was s-on , tried to flash amarulz hboot , and it never started up again . the method above has successfully unlocked all the htc devices first mentioned , without any bricks . to answer your questions , you can not flash a custom recovery because you are s-on . perhaps you cannot get the unlock key for your hboot because it predates htcs unlocking program . my htc hero got an hboot update that required the use of using htcdev to unlock . if you are looking to flash a recovery via adb shell , you will need to use ' dd ' for that .
no . updating from 4.2.2 to 4.3 will retain your data , but this will make you lose root . to root , you would need to unlock the bootloader , which will almost always require a factory reset ( thus , you lose your data ) . so , i suggest to back-up your user apps and data with titanium backup or something similar .
after a very long ordeal , several trips to several different apple stores and basic trial and errors , i have found the solution as i blogged here : http://eduncan911.com/technology/hardware/google-nexus-10-and-apple-wireless-keyboard.html the situation is that apple made 3 different bluetooth apple wireless keyboards , noted by years : 2007 , 2009 and 2011 . the issue is that the 2011 model , with its latest firmware updates , does not work with the google nexus 10 . it must be a bluetooth hardware profile issue with the google device itself , as the 2011 keyboard works flawlessly on all other android 4.2 , 4.4.3 and 4.4.4 devices that i have as well as an apple ipod touch 4th gen . solution : get the 2009 apple wireless keyboard as i stated in my post above , i have tested several 2009 and 2011 keyboards and have confirmed only the 2009 apple wireless keyboard works with the nexus 10 . to restate the original issue : the 2011 apple wireless keyboard will pair , and even " connect " normally to the nexus 10 . but , the nexus 10 will not recognize it as an input device - it is missing the " a " keyboard icon at the top-left corner of the top status bar which normally shows with other bluetooth keyboards , such as the 2009 version . also note that the firmware i tested of the 2009 model was version x50 . i could not confirm if the latest firmware update for the 2009 model worked or not .
okay , so firstly i will help removing that ok google funcationality from the home screen : 1 . go to google now > tap settings > voice > " ok google " hotword detection > here you will see an option to disable ok google on home screen . now for the search bar , if you are running slimkat , then you are probably on one of the two custom launchers pre-installed in slimkat , so go to their settings , either by long holding on homecreen , or you can go to settings > home > here you will see the launchers installed , and mostly there is a settings/options key beside them , tap on that or if settings key is not there try tapping on the launcher name ( it should take you to settings ) . once in launcher settings , you should go to homescreen specific settings and disable search bar from there . get back to me if any of the above mentioned things do not work .
try uninstalling and re-installing it . clear the app data . might be a bug with the custom rom ( ignore if on stock ) . as for why it is happening , could be a faulty installation imo , but if the package was faulty , it would not get installed in the first place . anyhow , just try the above steps .
you can use an app like app backup and restore . it allows you to select which apps you want to backup and it copies them to your sd card .
the best explanation i could find online : people details is a new sync service related to the recent release of google play games . it was pushed to most ( if not all ) android devices recently . its purpose is to tie you together across all google play services ( the separate services available from the google play screen ) . the idea is to maintain a uniform and unique " identity " for you in all related google games so that data from one can potentially be used to " enhance " the user experience in another the contact sync is for the usual contacts that a user saves directly on your phone .
on android phone . just type in the dial *#9900# then choose the second one " delete dumpstate/logcat " . problem is solved .
you would need to root your phone . for file managers with root access , you can try astro or root explorer . if the app loads the default folder , keep going up the parent folder until you can no longer move up ; that will be the root folder .
note : i am on samsung galaxy s2 , android 4.0.3 elixir for android has an " sd mount toggle " feature . it could unmount a removable card ( /mnt/sdcard/external_sd ) , but not ( /mnt/sdcard ) . i could not get it to mount by clicking the toggle again , but a restart [ toggle also available ] will mount the removable card . this is probably a bug with elixir ; and i will try to contact the developer .
should i relock the bootloader after getting s-off ? will that prevent me from doing anything ? no . you can not flash unsigned rom nor alter rom ( e . g . get permanent root ) . source . in that tutorial under the facepalm instructions , do i need to do step 7 if i already got s-off using facepalm ? yes . it is needed so you can flash the /boot partition from recovery . the stock hboot blocks access while in recovery . source . how can i remove * tampered * from the bootloader ? update 2013-08-16: from op : after following the steps he mentioned in the guide , TAMPERED is gone and has been replaced with the -- DirtyRacun -- label. There also is nothing that says UNLOCKED anymore .
see the following page for downloading the required files : http://www.theandroidsoul.com/how-to-root-xwjvh-android-2-3-3-rom-for-galaxy-s-i9000/ install samsung kies but dont keep it running while flashing as it will interfere with the process . required only for the drivers . download cf-root kernel . file name – cf-root-xw_nee_jvh-v3.2-cwm3rfs . zip . unzip the above file . you will get the . tar file – “cf-root-xw_nee_jvh-v3.2-cwm3rfs . tar” . download odin . file name – odin3 v1.7 . extract the zip file to get odin3 1.7 . exe . run odin by double clicking on it . switch off your phone . wait for vibration to confirm complete switch off . boot your phone in download mode — press and hold “volumedown + home key + power button” together . connect your phone to pc now . you’ll notice “added ! ! ” message in the message box . on odin , click the “pda” box and select the . tar file you got in step 2 — cf-root-xw_nee_jvh-v3.2-cwm3rfs . tar do not select any “ . pit” file in the “pit” box , and make sure “repartition” button is not checked . leave the “auto reboot” and “f . reset time” buttons checked . click the start button on odin to begin installing the cf root kernel . after the cf root is installed , phone will restart . your phone is rooted now . note that surperuser app is there .
answering my own question , this seems to just be my misunderstanding of how google now works . i was typing the search and expecting a voice response . but apparently it only responds with a voice if you ask with a voice . if i use voice search , then a voice does indeed reply . leaving this question/answer here in case anyone else has the same misunderstanding .
this is a known problem with leaked 2.2 galaxy s vibrant software ( happened to me ) . even if you are not using a vibrant i would suspect the issue is the same , since the software is mostly the same . you can fix it using this post at xda if you have a vibrant or i9000 . if you have another model just check the subforum for your device ( or take a risk and try this anyways ) .
the easiest way to compare these two apps : locale costs more . but it is a lot more user friendly . you just set up " situations " with triggers and actions . then you prioritize the situations . that is it . tasker costs less . but it is a lot more customizable . it is more like being given a scripting language . there are tons of options and choices and it can get really confusing if you do not know what you are doing . it is not made for the average user . i will say that anything locale can do , tasker can do it too . it just is not as quick and easy to set it up . in regards to backing up , you can backup tasker into script files . locale has no built in back up system . both of these applications are extendable to do practically anything because they support plugins . tasker supports locale plugins too . also : personally , i use both of these apps . i use locale for setting up common situations ( disable sounds when asleep , adjust brightness/screen timeout when plugged in , go silent at work , etc . ) and then tasker for . . . well . . . tasks ! such as plugging in my headphones i reduce my media volume to 50% ( i have blared music accidentally way too many times ) and displaying a menu of music apps .
my advice , backup /data/ and sdcard ( not external ) , use ota root keeper , do a factory reset , and restore data and the root . instead of rk , try first framaroot .
there're two flavors of usb ports - powered and unpowered . unpowered ports can not supply power to the devices and are rather rare . you identify them easily - connect the smartphone to them and see if it starts charging . if it starts charging the port is powered and you are okay .
check your phone 's internal storage , via menu > settings > sd and phone storage , and then look under internal phone storage . if that is looking low , then you can try uninstalling some apps , or , since you are on 2.2 , moving those that support it to your sd card ( as that does seem to have plenty of space ) .
i believe my phone vibrates when it is done charging , but i have never seen a setting for it . i am certain you could set up a profile with locale to notify when charging is done .
in fact it is easy to do using a file explorer application . i used ES File Explorer but i suspect other programs have the same feature . using ES File Explorer , you have to navigate to the file , then do a long click on the file icon until a menu appears . then you choose Shortcut . nothing shows the operation works but a new icon will be present in the launcher .
as i mentioned my phone was connected to the laptop . that was causing the problem . on my laptop mobilego ( pc suit for android ) services were running . when mobilego detected the device it tried to connect with it . which was actually interrupting the installation process . from my task manager i stopped the mobilgo services and the installation went through .
assuming just vanilla ics , with no custom ui from a manufacturer/carrier or anything : a phone has a status bar at the top and soft buttons ( or hardware buttons ) at the bottom . a tablet will only have the bottom bar , with soft buttons on the left and clock/notifications on the right . the notification pane pulls down from the top status bar like in previous versions on a phone , but it pops up from the bottom-right corner on a tablet . the default launchers and home screen layout are visibly different . the app drawer on a phone is in the center bottom , on a tablet it is top right , and phones have a sort of " dock " at the bottom that is visible on all home screens ( tablets do not ) . also , the google search bar collapses on a tablet but is persistent across the top on a phone . the home screen transition animation is also different . apps that use the action bar will display a bit differently . on a phone the bar will almost always be split between the top and bottom of the screen , with some options on each portion of the bar ( possibly unless they use very few icons/actions ) . on a tablet it just uses the top of the screen because there is plenty of room . google music is a good example of this .
there are some apps who have this feature , like switch off , reboot and etc . one of them is notification toggler , this app isnt particularly for switch off and reboot stuff , but you can do that also . : ) edit:: i think you have to root your device to use reboot and shutdown , you can not do it without root unless applications are signed with the system firmware key . and playstore applications are not that kind of applications that are signed with that . edit 2: to root your device , check out these links , link 1 link 2 link 3
there are two types of protection offered by the android market . the original copy protection is now deprecated and is apparently fairly easily circumvented . google now recommends that developers implement its licensing service , which requires a bit of effort on the part of the developer . it requires internet connectivity and checks whether the google account being used on the device has legitimately purchased the app . how often the app goes online to check the licence is up to the developer .
though it is not the identical situation , the solution which worked out for i am seeing duplicated images and videos on gallery might apply here as well : go to settings&rarr ; apps&rarr ; manage apps select the " all apps " tab find the gallery app , open its entry , tap " clear cache " do the same for the media storage app have the media scanner running again . this can be triggered by either a reboot of the device ( ugh ! ) unmounting/mounting the external sdcard if any ( hm . . . ) attach the device to your pc via usb , optionally copy some file to it , detach it again ( ok . . . ) for repeated use , take a look at apps like e.g. rescan media , scan media , or sdrescan ( yeah ! ) check if the duplicates are gone . if not , repeat everything , but this time additionally select to " delete data "
i do not know if this helps , but with sfr , in france , i have nearly the same issue ; i can not use the market ota ( unless i use wifi ) . it is due to limitation from the carrier ; perhaps rooting the phone could help to get rid of that limitation .
keyboard can be replaced browser can be replaced ( opera , xscope ( i like ) , dolphin hd , etc . ) launcher can be replaced gallery can be replaced ( 3d gallery is my favorite ) camera can be replaced ( camera 360 ( drains battery like crazy ) , retro camera , etc . ) hell you can even replace the kernel if you root . not an app , but you can add search providers like getting the duckduckgo app which allows you to search using all search tools , but ddg vs google .
not a launcher app itself , but multicon ( review link ) lets you cram multiple icons into a teeny tiny space . also available via cyrket . now , that unconfigured screnshot is the extreme example -- but the density ranges from 4 incons in the space of 1 on down . it is pretty handy -- plus it comes with its own shortcuts widgets to a few things . can not have icons for normal folders , however . bummer .
at first , there is a current hardbrick warning and a tool to diagnose this for the galaxy note ( and other samsung devices ) . here 's the galaxy note n7000 cm9 team 's current issue list , it does not mention missing s-pen functionality ( unlike an experimental build #1 ) so i guess it is fixed . the cm9 alpha for n7000 announcement on xda also mentions s-pen beeing worked on . and finally , here 's the cm9 builds for n7000 and a full update guide .
i assume this was just a bug ; this option re-appeared in the " advanced " wi-fi settings after one of the ota updates .
it sounds like you are describing a vpn ( virtual private network ) . a vpn directs all traffic ( whether http or other tcp/ip protocols ) through a specific server , usually with the intent to encrypt traffic between the device and the vpn server . however , encryption is not necessary , and a vpn would have full control over routing , which means you could customize a vpn server to block specific requests . or you could redirect requests to unsafe/undesirable websites to a ' block ' page of your choosing . almost all android devices have vpn capabilities built-in . you should look into that technology . in order to force the user to go through the vpn , you will need an app that can be set as a device admin ( a built-in , almost-root privilege that prevents the app from being removed ) that would also set the vpn to be always on . see this android . se question and answer for more details .
download the app called rescan media from the market , run it then go back to your music player . the music that you downloaded from dropbox should now show up . there are other ways to force this media sync ( unmount / remount sd should do it ) but this app makes it just the press of a button .
stock android widgets are not re-sizable ( although this is supposedly a feature that will be coming soon ) . if you can re-size some of them one of two things is going on : either the developer of the widget made it that way , or samsung implemented this ability to work for some widgets . in the case of the latter they probably had to set it up specifically for the widgets that do it , so it is unlikely that any you find on the market are going to be re-sizable via touchwiz . however , you do have another option . launcher pro is a homescreen replacement app on the market ; the paid version ( yes the free version is misleadingly called launcher pro ) offers resizing widgets as one of the added features . to my knowledge that would work for any widget regardless of how the developer made it . so if you are willing to put a couple bucks into it , you can re-size any widget that you want .
as su , do this : # mount -o remount,rw /system  you will now be able to delete it . as said in comments , do not forget to # mount -o remount,ro /system  or just reboot when you have finished . : )
you could also use a browser based remote desktop tool like airdroid or remote web desktop
you might provide them a link ! a link on your website , that would provide them with the . apk file . after downloading , the user would install that file in his android phone . after installing , the previous version is auto-deleted and the new version is installed ! user data is saved . but i have never used the developer tools from google play . so i am not sure , whether the google would mark it as spam or not , because some user try out verify and install instead of package installer . verify and install is a google service to check whether the app is spam or not . so i think , if the user tries verify and install instead of the built-in installer , he might get some errors , saying this signature is not found on google play ! or something like that . but just my guess , if your beta is placed on google play , then they will not show up any errors , as they would find a signature on google play too . hope i am not wrong : because i have never used either verify and install or google play developer tools . so i might be wrong somewhere . but still there is a functionality to install apps , but that also depends whether the user is allowing the installation of unknown apps ( apps which are not downloaded from google play ) .
kies via wifi ( a stock rom app ) connects your phone to the kies software on your computer via wifi . i am on cm10.1 , which does not have kies via wifi . but , there is probably a setting in the kies via wifi app that lets you disable the auto-connect function .
over-the-air ( ota ) updates from your carrier or manufacturer cannot be directly applied on a device that has a custom rom installed . this is due to many possible incompatibilities between the stock firmware and whatever code base the custom rom is using . therefore , most ( if not all ) custom roms intentionally disable any ota checks that usually come standard with stock firmwares . that said , some custom roms ( e . g . cyanogenmod rom ) have developed their own ota services . these are usually pull ( i.e. . phone checks for available update periodically ) as opposed to push ( manufacturer sends a message to phone to go out and download an update , ) but generally work fairly well . you should contact your rom 's developers to see if such a feature is available for you . alternatively , you can try to return your phone to its stock firmware , and then you will be able to accept the carrier/manufacturer ota update .
on vanilla android you do this by going into Settings -&gt; Language &amp; Input and then pressing the settings button to the right side of " android keyboard " ( or , generically , whatever keyboard you are using ) . there are two checkboxes on the keyboard settings page , one for " vibrate on keypress " and one for " sound on keypress " . uncheck both of these to disable the keyboard sounds/vibration .
i have found the problem ; i had just one track by this artist in another album , and it was tagged " the chromatics " . " chromatics " and " the chromatics " were probably ( rightfully ) considered as the same artist , but android did not pick the right one out of the two to display . i have edited this track 's artist tag and now every track by this artist appears correctly tagged .
this feature is rather be app-specific . probably the default photo app on your legend does this by default , while the one on you one x does not . to achieve the desired results on your new device , you might need to find a 3rd party photo app supporting this feature . your phone is certainly capable of it , that is not the issue .
that would be a contradiction in terms : in order to disable permissions on-the-fly , root permissions are required -- no way around that . for non-root users , there is only a different approach : take the .apk apart before installing , manipulate the Manifest ( remove unwanted permission 's requests ) , re-assemble the .apk , and then install the modified package . unwanted side-effect : no direct updates , as the signature on the package breaks this way . an app doing this is e.g. apktool , available for windows , mac and linux .
the cpu had to be changed to x86 . then it worked . see question comment thread for further details .
the " hardware backed credential storage " aka " android key store " is only hardware backed when the hardware on the device has the necessary hardware components in it . when there is not the necessary hardware available it falls back to software storage . android also now supports hardware-backed storage for your keychain credentials , providing more security by making the keys unavailable for extraction . that is , once keys are in a hardware-backed key store ( secure element , tpm , or trustzone ) , they can be used for cryptographic operations but the private key material cannot be exported . even the os kernel cannot access this key material . while not all android-powered devices support storage on hardware , you can check at runtime if hardware-backed storage is available from android 4.3 apis - hardware credential storage . my emphasis . finally , there is an api and even a system settings field that lets you check whether the credential store is hardware-backed ( nexus 4 , nexus 7 ) or software only ( galaxy nexus ) from credential storage enhancements in android 4.3 this a new feature and so it is likely that only newer , higher end devices have the hardware in them . according to that , the galaxy nexus does not have the necessary hardware . the nexus 4 does have full hardware support for this ; as you may now ( sic ) , the nexus 4 is based on qualcomm 's snapdragon s4 pro apq8064 soc . like most recent arm soc 's it is trustzone-enabled and qualcomm implement their secure execution environment ( qsee ) on top of it . from credential storage enhancements in android 4.3 the arm trustzone technology is analogous to the tpm hardware used on intel x86 pc compatible hardware to provide a hardware secure credential storage area . and just like tpm when it was first introduced is taking a while to trickle into all new phones . so , in the case of the nexus 4 , the ' hardware ' is simply the arm soc . are other implementations possible ? theoretically , a hardware-backed keymaster implementation does not need to be based on trustzone . any dedicated device that can generate and store keys securely can be used , the usual suspects being embedded secure elements ( se ) and tpms . however , there are no mainstream android devices with dedicated tpms and recent flagship devices have began shipping without embedded ses from credential storage enhancements in android 4.3 so , no , the galaxy nexus is not capable of enabling hardware backed credential storage , because it does not have the necessary hardware in it .
finally , i got it resolved . the issue was with apn settings provided by my service provider . fixing that fixed downloading issue .
this page has a couple of benchmarks that compare not only a nexus one running 2.2 vs . one running 2.1 , but also includes iphones and the ipad . in both cases , the nexus one running 2.2 outperforms the 2.1 version by over 2x .
many developers have their own sites and there are other app markets that allow direct download . but besides that , we can not speak to their motives , you had need to ask them . i would assume , however , that they are controlling distribution in order to control distribution :p . for paid apps this is obvious ( piracy prevention ) , but even for non-paid apps there are developers and others who want to monitor , limit , etc . the download of apps .
google+ messenger does require the background data checkbox to receive messages/updates while it is not the active app . however your messages should be sent instantly since the app would be active then . are you experiencing delays with other messengers using background data as well ? e.g. whatsapp a good discussion about background data , sync etc can be read here
if you go into the mail client , go into the mailbox you want to check the mail for , then press menu while you are looking at the inbox , there should be a refresh option on the menu bar . that definitely seemed to go back to the server and check for new mail when i tried it with the hotmail account i have got set up in there just now , as it found the message i would sent a minute before .
use this : am start -a android.intent.action.MAIN -n &lt;package_name&gt;/&lt;full_class_name&gt;  to control an app , you will have to put correct values of &lt;package_name&gt; and &lt;full_class_name&gt; in the command . for example , you can use com.google.gmail/com.google.gmail.check_mail ( hypothetical names ) as last part of command . obtaining package name of an app is easy , but obtaining class name of action is not . there are two problems : many app developers keep class info private . not all developers do smart modular programming . its good habit to divide an app in multiple classes which could be triggered by intents , but not all developers are smart . solution of 1st problem : decompile the app using apktool and see all info . there are also other ways , but this one is always-working method ( unless app is based on ndk instead of sdk ) . solution of 2nd problem : nothing . do not worry , most of popular apps follow best programming practice and they provide Public API from which you can get class info .
if i am understanding your question correctly , you are asking how to get root access automatically when you run adb shell , so that you do not have to go into the shell and type su to execute a command as root on your phone . this is controlled by a flag in your boot partition , which most custom roms have modified to allow root permission by default . if you get dropped to a $ when you use adb shell then you have two permanent options and one temporary one ( temporary meaning that it does not stick if you reboot ) : flash a rom that includes the modification create a custom boot . img and flash it to your phone restart adbd on your device with root permissions number 2 is actually not that difficult , but it can be somewhat dangerous if you are careless . there is a wiki article here which explains the process and includes a couple of perl scripts to help you . these instructions assume a linux/unix environment . i have personally used these instructions on fedora linux and can tell you that they work , but i do not know about other *nix environments like macs . i also do not know of any similar windows instructions , but i could try to track some down if you are on windows . the exact commands will vary somewhat from phone to phone since different devices use different partition tables . generally speaking , though , you need to pull your current boot . img from your phone , unpack it , extract the ramdisk , and find the default . prop file . this is a plaintext file , which you need to open in a text editor and then find the line that contains the value ro.secure . if the line says ro.secure=1 then you need to change it to ro.secure=0 . after that you can re-pack the ramdisk and boot . img , then flash it to your phone . once you reboot , you will be greeted with a # prompt whenever you perform adb shell without having to run su . alternatively , if you are using a custom rom but it does not have this modification , you can just unzip the rom and modify the boot . img that is included with it using the above steps . then you can zip up the rom with the newly modified boot . img and flash the zip file as you normally would . this probably goes without saying , but be careful when doing this . messing with your boot partition can quite easily wreck your phone and force you to recover via hboot . i would highly recommend testing fastboot to makes sure you can use extended fastboot commands and perform a recovery . this varies a bit based on your model , but most phones have some sort of desktop software that can be run to reflash the phone as well . the third option is that in many cases it may be possible to restart adbd on your device with root privileges . one possibility is to execute adb root from a pc terminal , although this will not work on all rom configurations ( the rom must be built as a " userdebug " one ) . you can also try chainfire 's adbd insecure app . this will not persist across a reboot , so you would need to use either the app or adb root again any time you restarted your phone .
there are different mechanisms to store data in an android application that do not need the sd card access permission . you can create databases , store application parameters , create files on the internal storage . all these will not require any specific permissions and these data are accessible only by the application that created them . on the other side , if an application needs the sd card permission it may be because it as a very large amount of data to store or that it wants to modify/add/remove files such as in a file manager . but for important application specific data , the sd card if not recommended because it could be removed at anytime ( or mounted as a usb drive ) and not available to the applications . i think a lot of applications that ask sd access permission could use another type of data storage that would not require that . moreover , files created on the sd by an app will not be removed upon un-installation of the app but all other types of internal data storage will be . so to me it would be a better development practice not to use the sd if not required , and as you mentioned it would not scare people away like apps that access the whole sd .
the browser does not directly control that ; it is the kernel 's choice , since the kernel is where the tcp implementation lives . however , one way the application can influence it is by setting the TCP_NODELAY option on the socket , which requests that the kernel disable nagle 's algorithm and send each chunk of data as soon as possible . this may be an optimization : since many http requests contain only headers and no body , it is better for the kernel to send a packet with the headers immediately , instead of waiting a little while to see if the browser produces any more data that could fit into the same packet .
if you install pelya’s xsdl server from google play , you can use x11 aplications . in gnuroot type : apt-get install xfce4 it will install the xfce4 desktop environment and xorg with some utilities . and after several minutes of packages downloading and making configurations , start xsdl and set your favorite display resolution and zoom , and then type in gnuroot : display=127.0.0.1:0.0 startxfce4 switching to xsdl app , the xfce4 starts and you can now use the graphical interface . i found this solution at : http://www.r-ohjelmointi.org/?p=1434 some other things : * change font size as in ordinary gnome . * moving a flat finger is same as click and drag , for resizing etc . * i have to press the back button on the pad to get the screen keyboard displayed . this overlays lower part of x window though . * no terminal emulators seem to work properly . however , gnuroot can be used for that . * applications like gnu planner , gretl and gnu cash work without problems .
this has been resolved in android 4.1 , a.k.a. " jelly bean " . now google voice prompt appears instantly no matter how it is triggered . since the google voice app has not changed , my original thinking that it is the app 's fault was incorrect . still no idea what is causing it on earlier os versions .
in the settings option you have application manager . in application manager if you swipe to the left you will get apps installed on the sd card . it should look something like this :
there is keyboard app in the google play store called swype which has many handy shortcuts - such as copy , paste , select all , etc . the shortcuts involve swiping certain keys . when i use swype i find these shortcuts to be incredibly efficient and helpful .
go to Settings -&gt; About phone menu and scroll all the way to the bottom : tap the " selinux status " menu 3 times in a row in a quick succession . this will bring up a prompt asking you to confirm enabling the other modes : be aware that currently this feature is still under heavy development , and is not supported on all devices yet .
if anyone dealing with the same issue , i have found a solution on this link . it is for froyo , but you can look on xda-developers for gingerbread too , it is the same procedure .
the problem was a bug that this specific version had , if you are using this specific version i strongly advise you to update .
on the tasker homepage there is a section called " plans " where the developers outline future ideas that they might incorporate into the product : http://tasker.dinglisch.net/todo.html also listed on this page are those two lines : actions/tasks : vpn ( dis/re ) connect events/states : vpn connected so it is not included yet but it might be at some point in the future . again citing from the page : this is an informal list of features under consideration for tasker .
your device does not have an armv7 processor . it has an armv6 . you can confirm this by attempting to download apps like temple run and firefox from the market - these all need armv7 processors . you can also install device info to check it yourself , it gives you detailed information . also , according to gsm arena your processor is clocked to 600mhz - the same as most armv6 devices .
there are plenty of apps on play supporting that already . the first coming to my mind is paw server , which allows that and many more things ( basically , you can remote-administrate your device via wifi with this app ) . other , similar apps might offer the remote-ring as well . several anti-theft apps for example .
two ways to flash official update from manufacturer on rooted phone : 1 ) look for flashable zip with untouched or just rooted official rom with latest updates included . 2 ) revert your rom and bootloader to manufacturers default and then install update you can find stock roms and instructions to revert to stock in xda developers forums
you want to enable wireless isolation mode . on the linksys this is called ap isolation . from wirelessisolation . com : wireless isolation , sometimes called client isolation , is a setting on a wireless router . when this setting is enabled it prevents a computer that is connected to the network by a wireless connection from accessing computers and resources that are connected to the network by a wired connection . it will also prevent one wirelessly connected device from connecting to another wirelessly connected device . in essence isolating that device on the wireless network . this is used as a method of security so that you can provide both wired and wireless connection through the same network without opening up secured computers and resources to potentially unwanted visitors . this can be very helpful in businesses that have a wireless hotspot located in their lobby for example . without wireless isolation anyone on a wireless internet connection in a wifi hotspot would not only have full access to the computers and resources in the company’s network , but also to the various wireless devices that were using the wifi hotspot at that time . most wireless router makers will support wireless isolation in one form or another , if you already have a router and are curious to see if it comes with wireless isolation or not you can check your products manual , or log into your router and check the security tab .
without a volume-down key , you can not : go into recovery mode/download mode without a pc reduce the volume ( duh ) select options in cwm take screenshots in aosp-based roms possible workarounds , by order of mention above : use adb reboot recovery / adb reboot bootloader , as said in the comments use a usb jig to force the phone to boot into download mode go into settings > sound > volumes and change values from there use twrp or cwm touch instead use third-party apps . i think gravitybox for xposed has the option to add a screenshot option and advanced reboot to the power menu , but i have not been using xposed for a long time .
32 dbm equates to 1584.89mw according to this calculator : http://www.radiolabs.com/stations/wifi_calc.html assuming a 12 dbi antenna gain from the comments above , that gives us 44 db of antenna power . the signal loss for 2400 mhz/km is 100.03db , citing the same site . at the assumed 44db of power , we will round and say . 044km which is ~144 feet . since throughput is inversely related , you are going to have a pretty poor download speed at 144 feet , barring there is nothing between the phone and the computer , on a clear day . this is half guesswork , but hopefully it helps .
espier launcher is a homescreen replacement that mimics ios quite well , and still allows for some of android 's features to shine through ( widgets , customization , etc ) . unfortunately , it is apparently built by a small chinese dev shop , so it does have a few quirks . for one , it intalls some bloatware app store that is all in chinese , although it is easy enough to hide it from the launcher . there is also some weird mis-translations in the app 's settings . despite these shortcomings , it is a faithful reproduction of ios 's homescreen , and the folder/scrolling/long press animations are spot-on .
update : it is posible to disable notifications of individual apps on system level in jelly bean ( 4.1 ) . under each application info screen there is now a checkbox for " show notifications " ( assuming the app sends notifications ) . uncheck that and no more notifications from that app . you can get to the screen by going to Settings | Apps | {application} or , more conveniently , long-pressing the notification itself and then tapping " app info " . more details in this article . notifications are handled on a per-app basis . the only way to turn them off is inside that particular application 's settings . this menu - unlike on ios - can he accessed from inside the application . it is usually an option that comes up after pressing your menu button , or if your phone does not have one than it is hidden behind the overflow menu ie . the three dots . in the case of scramble with friends there is a settings icon on the main screen . there is an option to set the polling interval . the default is 5 minutes .
samsung modifed the modem component of android and it is buggy in galaxy s . the solution is to root the phone and replace the modem part of it .
you can use an app like autostarts ( requires root ) to manage which apps can listen to which events . you just need to remove car home from the docking event .
this system bar is part of android , and is used when the device does not have any hardware buttons to press . as such , it cannot be hidden . it should not , however , impact upon gameplay - this is an issue with the app , and you should contact the app developer to have it fixed .
you might want to check out the dolphin browser . it supports many extensions , two of them doing exactly what you want : dolphin screen cut web to pdf
this was available in cm7 , but got removed in cm9 and above , for reasons i do not know myself . it is possible that the maintainers of cm could not find a way to make this compatible with android 4+ and so left it out . there are apps on the market that can do this , such as permissions denied however this is now a paid app , and i am unable to report whether this works . edit : ad eldarerathis pointed out in the comments , there is an open feature request to add this to cm10 and later . i suggest you follow this request for updates .
analysis luckily , logcat gave the ip address along ( in my case : 74.125.93.113 ) . on my pc , i first checked with the browser ( "https://74.125.93.113/" ) -- and in fact , connection timed out . next i checked what is behind the ip : host 74.125.93.113 113.93.125.74.in-addr.arpa domain name pointer qw-in-f113.1e100.net.  did not tell me anything . but checking with /etc/hosts on the android device , i found the entry : 74.125.93.113 android.clients.google.com  a lookup of that host reveiled : the ip 74.125.93.113 no longer belongs to it -- which explains the trouble . solution the solution requires root , unfortunately , as /etc/hosts is owned by root and read-only for everybody else . furthermore , /etc is just a symbilic link to /system/etc , which means the entire file system is read only . what you need root a terminal emulator app ( e . g . android terminal emulator ) what to do open the terminal app , and follow these steps : now just wait a short time -- or simply call up google play to check . it should not take long for the lights to turn green again .
it turns out that the location or link to the external sdcard has moved from /sdcard/external_sd to /extsdcard , while the /sdcard/external_sd was blank . so i thought that the card was not mounted , but in fact it was .
to completely format your device , you need to use odin and an odin-able rom ( preferably stock ) . note that the device can not be blank . you should always have firmware on it . download odin 1.85 from here and extract it . download stock firmware ( listed here ) , you probably want jpkf3 . put your phone into download mode ( you may have to attempt this a couple times ) : power off the phone hold voldown + ok : click the power button let go of voldown + ok when the android icon with " downloading . . . " underneath appears start odin connect your phone to usb and ensures it shows up in odin ( a yellow box with a com port will be shown ) . if it does not , disconnect and reconnect . if it still does not , reboot your phone and start over from ( 3 ) . click the pda button in odin and choose the firmware file you downloaded . click start and wait till " pass " appears in the message area . if it fails , start over from ( 3 ) . normally , to completely wipe the device , you would select " re-partition " in odin . however , this apparently can brick the galaxy s ii ! so do not do it . i guess it only works consistently with the original galaxy s .
that is something not easy to be simulated by tasker , but should be possible . the most likely trick is working with variables -- an approach you find described at google groups : how to default profile ? ( check the post by nikita popov ) . that example just defines a single default profile to fall back on if no other profile is active . a more complex example would properly make use of variables like %PACTIVE ( currently active profile ) , in the way that a " lower-priority " profile would contain the condition that the higher is not contained in %PACTIVE ( so it only becomes the active profile if no " higher-priority " profile is currently running ) .
if you are rooted , this is quite easy to find out . first you need to find the app 's package name , e.g. com.swype.android.inputmethod for swype , or com.google.android.apps.maps for google maps , for example . you can usually search for the app in android market , and the link will contain its package name , e.g. https://market.android.com/details?id=com.google.android.apps.maps would be the link to google maps . usually the package names are descriptive enough that you can simply guess which app they represent just by looking at it . you can do a few simple ls commands in terminal emulator or adb shell to find out the app 's name , and where it is stored . however , you will need to have root access to the device since app and data storage is protected . pre-installed apps are generally located in /system/app directory . use the command ls -l /system/app/ to find how much space a particular system app is taking up : on most stock roms you will see an . odex file along with a . apk file for each app - those are pre-compiled binaries optimized for your given device . you cannot remove them . 3rd-party apps are installed to /data/app or /data/app-private directories . command ls -l /data/app/[package_name_here]* should return the amount of space taken up by this app on internal memory . for example , here 's the output of looking at google maps apk : the app data and settings are located on /data/data/ partition . there you will find a directory for each installed app , e.g. /data/data/com.google.android.apps.maps/ for preferences and settings related to the google maps app . again , ls -l /data/data/com.google.android.apps.maps/* will return a listing of all files with their sizes : android 2.2 ( froyo ) introduced the ability to move apps to sd card ( or " external storage " on some devices ) . this introduces a level of complexity since portions of the app get moved around . for every app that you move to sd card/media area , the system creates a virtual mount point named /dev/block/dm-X , where " x " is a sequential number . it them moves the app 's apk ( android package ) file and some preferences there . you can view this by issuing a mount command in shell/terminal emulator . along with other usual mounts , it should show which apps were moved to sd card like in an example below : here i moved astro file manager and atrackdog apps to the sd card on my phone . use ls /mnt/asec/ to view the directories created for the moved apps . issuing command ls -l /mnt/asec/* will list the file sizes within those folders : the wrapper for the virtual partition gets stored inside a hidden " . android_secure " folder of the sd card : once moved the app 's apk will no longer be under /data/app/ or /data/app-private/ folders . another area of interest is dalvik cache - an area that contains cached data for each installed app . upon first boot-up or new app installation the system generates a . dex file for each app that it uses for quicker start-up . these files are stored on /data/dalvik-cache/ partition . command ls -l /data/dalvik-cache/*[package_name_here]* will return the space taken up by the app 's dalvik cache . for example , here 's how much space is taken up by google maps app : next , the /cache partition of the internal memory may be used by apps . the command ls -l /cache/ will show you all files stored there , along with sizes and owner information . for example , on my phone here 's the output : besides the standard directories , there is a file named downloadfile-1.apk that belongs to something named " app_13" . i can cross-reference this " app_13" name to the listing of ls -l /data/data/ to see that this file belongs to android 's built-in downloader : finally , apps can use the sd card for their own purposes , and there is really no way to track this , unless the app names its folders something recognizable .
basically , as screen lock secures your data as long as the data chip stays in the phone ( as long as debugging is disabled [ or enabled with no trusted credentials ] and the phone is not rooted ) , whereas encrypting it secures it no matter what . old answer : it is possible to access some data via usb , however other data is not accessible , plug your tablet into the computer and wee what comes up under internal storage , that is accessible ( edit : none of it if the screen is locked ) . of course given enough time a hacker in possession of your tablet could access all the data ( as long as it is not encrypted ) ( edit : for example as you suggested by removing the internal storage and reading it with a different device ) . if your tablet is encrypted none of the data can be accessed without your passcode ( if the tablet is switched off ) . if usb debugging is enabled or you are rooted it is even easier to access the data .
i was testing ways to toggle the on-screen keyboard . in android 4.2.2 on a nexus 7 i had to go through the following steps to toggle the on-screen keyboard from the tablet while a bluetooth keyboard is connected : to activate the " choose input method " notification you need to have multiple keyboards available . on a stock nexus 7 you can go into settings then " language and input " . under " keyboard and input methods " check the box next to another keyboard like the " iwnn ime emoji input " or " google pinyin input " . ( optional ) if you do not have any other keyboards available you can install a 3rd party keyboard from the play store like the nullkeyboard or anysoftkeyboard . back in the language and input settings check the checkbox next to the 3rd party keyboard you installed . read the warning message and click ok if you agree . go to any text input box a new notification appears in your notification bar ( top left ) labeled " choose input method " , tap the notification ( not select keyboard layout ) the first item in the " choose input method " popup is " hardware " with an on/off slider , choose " off " use the radio buttons below to choose your software keyboard ( i chose the google keyboard ) tap the back button and the on-screen keyboard appears . the bluetooth keyboard is still functional .
from what google tells me , this appears to be a touchwiz issue . try a different launcher and see if that fixes it .
since you are rooted , you might be able to bypass activation permanently by killing the phone dialer app . this involves removing ( or renaming ) Phone.apk . i can at least confirm that this works on a droid 1 . definitely make sure you have a backup made prior to editing your system this way . you can rename Phone.apk with an app like root explorer , or with the terminal app by mounting the system partition as rewritable . this also works if you have set up ssh : su mount -o rw,remount /system cd /system/app mv Phone.apk Phone.apk.old pm uninstall Phone.apk  that disables the cdma adapter and gets rid of the activation screen that always comes up on boot . it should also save you a little battery life too , since it is one less app , and one less adapter turned on . you might get an error when you rename the file , but after rebooting ( forcefully , if necessary ) everything should be fine .
see the section on automatic aggregation of contact data in the using the contacts api from the technical resources on the android developers site . as the article explains : when a raw contact is added or modified , the system looks for matching ( overlapping ) raw contacts with which to aggregate it . it may not find any matching raw contacts , in which case it will create an aggregate contact that contains just the original raw contact . if it finds a single match , it creates a new contact that contains the two raw contacts . and it may even find multiple similar raw contacts , in which case it chooses the closest match . two raw contacts are considered to be a match if at least one of these conditions is met : they have matching names . their names consist of the same words but in different order ( for example , "Bob Parr" and "Parr, Bob" ) one of them has a common short name for the other ( for example , "Bob Parr" and "Robert Parr" ) one of them has just a first or last name and it matches the other raw contact . this rule is less reliable , so it only applies if the two raw contacts are also sharing some other data like a phone number , an email address or a nickname ( for example , Helen ["elastigirl"] = Helen Parr ["elastigirl"] ) at least one of the two raw contacts is missing the name altogether and they are sharing a phone number , an email address or a nickname ( for example , Bob Parr [incredible@android.com] = incredible@android.com ) . when comparing names , the system ignores upper/lower case differences (Bob=BOB=bob) and diacritical marks (H\xe9l\xe8ne=Helene) . when comparing two phone numbers the system ignores special characters such as "*" , "#" , "(", ")" , and whitespace . also if the only difference between two numbers is that one has a country code and the other does not , then the system considers those to be a match ( except for numbers in the japan country code ) automatic aggregation is not permanent ; any change of a constituent raw contact may create a new aggregate or break up an existing one . the article then goes on to explain the various modes that an application can assign to the raw contacts that it creates . depending on the mode , the system will either : automatically aggregate the contact as similarities are found with other contacts . where similarities no longer exist , these aggregations will be removed . never aggregate the contact with any other . perform no further aggregation on a contact , even if that contact changes such that it would be taken out of an aggregate group . aside from this automatic aggregation , applications are also allowed to manually set up aggregate contacts . in these cases , the algorithm depends on the application . finally , you may manually join contacts in the people app by editing one of a pair of contacts , and selecting Join from the overflow menu .
the second user will have to explicitly install the wanted app ( in your example : facebook ) – as otherwise all accounts ' app drawers would be cluttered with a bunch of apps not wanted by everybody , except for those who installed them . but if the app already had been installed before by another account , it will rather be a " fake install " ( i.e. . it appears as if the app would be installed anew , but it is not downloaded again from playstore , and thus does not consume " double space" ) . one side-effect to that is : whenever a user decides to update the app , that update applies to all other accounts of the device as well .
i reinstalled cm7 on a spare htc desire to check the procedure : long press on spare space of homescreen select " widgets " select " renderfx widget " choose color ( night , red , etc . ) place widget . results in a toggle switch widget :
i leave it off so that i can review the list of pending updates and see what changed . of course , that only helps for the apps that list changes in the market description . every once in a while , developers do release updates that are a step backwards- either because of introducing bugs or major redesigns that lose features ( astrid , i am looking at you ) . if you wait long enough before updating , then you may be alerted to that situation via comments .
if you want to use your browser to upload the image , try switching out of mobile view from the page footer . then you should be able to upload it the same way as on a desktop browser . you could also use the apps ( either official or third-party ) for more upload options .
do you use any task killer ? make sure you do not kill the " clock " apps . in fact , do not use a task killer at all , they are harmful to android .
click the gear button next to the ? 123 button in the lower left , then click 3x4 keypad , then click the 123 button on the right . this way you will have a full 3x4 numeric keypad
recommendation questions are not allowed here , but i will give this a shot because i have already encountered this feature . ezpdf reader supports this . assuming you have a table of contents ( toc ) , clicking on a chapter link will take you to a page far from the toc . if you click on the button encircled below , it will take you back to the toc .
someone over at androidcentral built their own charging dock . according to the post , . . . the pin closest to the bottom of the gn is the 5v and the pin closest to the power button in the gnd . it is assumed that the middle pin is for letting the phone know it is connected to the dock and launch the needed activities ( enable bluetooth , launch apps , etc . )
i have a similarly sized contact list and i have found that the voice dialer is both slow to load and slow to find responses on my moto droid ( on 2.0 , 2.1 and 2.2 ) . i stopped using the voice dialer and started using voice search ( aka . voice actions ) by saying " call jane smith mobile . " i have found voice search to open quickly and to find contacts quickly . both of those apps came preloaded on my phone and are from google . while i do not know the architecture of either app it would make sense to me that the voice dialer would be affected by the size of the contact list more directly than the voice search app .
as your computer is running windows , you need to install the appropriate device driver first . most manufacturers offer one for download on their resp . websites , specifically tailored for the device in question ; but that would also mean you had need multiple drivers if you had multiple devices . a good solution reported to work fine with multiple different devices , and also supporting windows 8 fine , is koushik dutta 's universal adb driver . this would hence free you from the hazzle of possible driver conflicts , if you one day decide to use a different/additional device .
a very easy way is es file explorer from google play store . you can browse to your /system/app folder ( for system apps ) /data/app folder ( for user apps ; requires root to be accessed ) and copy them to your /sdcard ( or anywhere else ) . copying multiple files with es file explorer is very easy . just long hold one of the files , then put check marks on all the files you want to copy . then browse to the folder ( on your sdcard ) where you want to place them . connecting to your computer via your usb cable will allow you to backup your sdcard content to your computer . update ( accessing the protected data/apps area ) : i notice the /data/ directory is not readable . you can pull any of the content if you know it by name . i will describe a command-line ( cli ) solution to get the names and the files . however , the backup tools suggested by izzy are the easiest way to go . this is a step by step method to get the list of packages and pull the packages using the commandline : download and install the android sdk package ( or see is there a minimal installation of adb ? for a solution requiring much less space , if you are not intending to develop android apps ) . while you will have access to just about everything in the world ( android ) , do not be too overwhimed . . . just focus on an immediate objective , and all the other features can be for a different day . add a path to these two directories of the package install ( [installedpath]/tools and [installedpath]/platform-tools for a full sdk installation ) . now , with the android plugged in via the usb , run this to get the full list of installed apps : $ adb shell 'pm list packages' you now have a list the names of all your install apps . use the -f parameter to get the full pathname of a desired package by specifying a search string found in the previous list : $ adb shell 'pm list packages -f reader' now pull the full pathname of the package you want to get with : ## adb pull [filepathname] [destination path] ## $ adb pull /data/app/com.ebooks.ebookreader-2.apk ~/mybackupdir  the steps might appear to be complicated , but they are easier done than said . once you perform it a few times , you will find it very easy to pull any app from your device . you can also write a script to do this as your own personal backup utility . while there are gui alternatives as mentioned in the alternate answer , i strongly recommend looking at the features of the adb commands which includes full backups . . . the option for users to select precisely what they want backed up and where . installing the full android sdk will give fuller access to components of your android device ( from the commandline ) . look at the commands : $ adb -help  look at the backup section ( of the help screen ) : you can use the android backup extractor to explore the compressed backup file created by the adb utility . restoring the backup to the android is a simple "-restore " command : $ adb restore &lt;file&gt;  the android backup extractor provides a way to explore the backup and pick out individual files ( such as the apk 's as in the op 's objective ) to store or preserve . the explorer package includes a variety of multi-platform tools , such as java , perl , and cygwin . you can extract the backup with ( using the java extract opton ) : ## this line converts the android backup into a tar file ## $ java -jar abe.jar unpack backup.ab backup.tar  out side of my initial cli answer , the most precise gui app to accomplish the op 's specific question is airdroid . it is free , extremely user friendly and intuitive to use . to use , run the app . it gives a local ip address for typing into a web browser . the link will give you a ui that resembles and android home screen . click on the " apps " icon and select one or more apps to download . you can install or reinstall the apps using the same interface . there are several other gui alternatives ( graphical user interfaces ) available , e.g. qtadb ( multi-platform ) or , for windows users , also the excellent droid explorer by our member ryan conrad ( see e.g. full backup of non-rooted devices ; for more , also see our adb tag-wiki ) .
same way as on any other android device : go to the android app store of your choice ( google play , appbrain , whatever ) and search for " korean keyboard " ( currently , 376 results ) install the one you find suiting your needs there are several keyboards shipping with korean language packs , so you might as well decide picking one of those . this might possibly even come with more functionality or better usability . not explicitly asked for , but it will probably be your next question : you might have to " activate " that " input method " for the keyboard to show up , or even make it the default one . this can be done in settings → languages and input ( by " settings " i mean the android settings ) .
ok , i have found a way to deactivate motoblur without rooting the phone ! reset the phone to factory Settings &#8658 ; Privacy or SD and Storage &#8658 ; Factory data reset when the phone reboot , cancel the configuration of motoblur take of the widget who remind you to configure it and it is done !
i am the developer . it was using the full video streams up until last week when i released version 1.8 . however it is possible that the android mediaplayer when given a video stream , does not bother to download the video too , but i doubt so . now it specifically downloads audio-only streams , however only on android 4.3+ devices . android 4.2 and lower still stream the full video because the os is not compatible with the audio only streams . to give you an idea of bandwidth consumption , a 5 minute song takes up about . . . 3mb video stream , hd audio disabled 12mb video stream , hd audio enabled 3mb audio-only stream , if your device supports it . the sound quality is about equal ( possibly a little better ) than hd audio with video . on android 4.3+ devices , the hd audio switch in settings does not really do anything . .
the problem was with the selection mode . apparently mtp does not work too well with ubuntu . when i switched to ptp the usb debugging started working .
i encountered exactly the same problem as yours on my galaxy s2 with cm9 earlier this week . i figured out it might be the problem that the internal usb storage had some error on it . unfortunately , formate dalvik cache and cache will not fix the problem . you can try to mount your phone onto your computer and try to fix the error using some disk check utilities , which i tried but phone freezes after mount as usb . at last i fix the problem by doing a hard reset . so i suggest you start from trying mount your phone to your computer and do some quick backup first . if you cannot even copy out your files , it is the problem of internal usb storage with some logical errors .
yes , blocked contacts can still see your online status .
check this video . to remove a word press on - sign .
the prime uses a proprietary cable , but it supports a usb connection to a computer via that cable ( which you can see in this image from engadget which i posted in another question ) . the fact that the connector is not a micro usb port has no bearing on whether or not you can connect over usb ( see : every samsung tablet ) .
yes , it can . gsm and later phone protocols automatically adjust the phone 's transmit power according to the strength of the signal it gets from the cell tower . it is just like how , if you are talking to someone and you can not hear them very well ( because they are a long way away , or in a noisy environment ) , you will tend to talk louder or shout , but if you can hear them clearly ( they are right next to you ) , you will talk more quietly . the phone works the same way . of course , for the phone , " talking more loudly " means putting more power into its transmitter , so the battery will be drained faster . if you switch to a network that has cell towers further away from where you spend most of your time , your phone will be using more transmit power more often , so it will use energy more quickly . note that it is the received strength that matters ( i.e. . how much attenuation there is ) , not the quality of the signal , so you may find this happens even if you get a better signal overall . cell handover , when you move from one cell to the next one , also takes more power , and your new network 's better internet speed might be a result of having denser cells in your area , leading to more handovers . finally , the worst thing for a phone is being completely out of range , because it has to periodically transmit on the maximum power to try to get a response from a cell tower . ( this is why it is especially important to turn your phone off for a flight : once the plane gets out of cell range , all the phones will start blaring out as loudly as they can . ) it is possible that your new network 's coverage is much better at your home and your office , but during your commute , you have not noticed that you leave the service area completely , and so your phone starts draining the battery then . in summary , there are lots of factors , so it is hard to predict the effect of changing network operator , but it can have an effect . of course , that does not stop it being a coincidence in your case .
samsung 's kies software is the official way to download and install updates . these updates are released on different dates for different countries and networks and some countries/networks do not have all updates . it may be that your network has not tested and certified the update yet , or they might not be releasing this version at all . this page lists most of the official updates available via kies for the galaxy s2 i9100 phone : http://devsrom4android.blogspot.com/2011/10/samsung-galaxy-s2-firmware-updates-via.html
try to install the email app directly from google play store . if this app is shown as incompatible on your device , side-load it by downloading it from here , enabling the Unknown sources in settings -> security , and installing the apk ( either by tapping the apk in the download manager , or via adb from your pc : adb install -r &lt;path-to-apk&gt; ) . keep in mind though that this version sometimes breaks the exchange functionality on some mostly non-nexus devices . in order to resolve this , you need to also install a copy of latest exchange2google . apk app that is available for download from here or here . you do not have to install it as a system app , just side-load it in the same manner as described above .
the xda article how to - connect nexus 4 to xp like mtp device describes the steps needed for windows xp as follows : connect your nexus to pc . go to my computer> properties> device manager and double click on mtp device go to details and copy ( ctr+c ) info like ( usb\vid_18d1 and pid_4ee2 and mi_00 ) ( you can copy it from here too , if it is identically ) unplug nexus from pc . go to c:\windows\inf folder ( it is hidden ) find a file " wpdmtp . inf " and open it with any text editor ( notepad ) modify or paste ( ctrl+p ) what did you copy at step "3" as bottom i showed . save and close the file . connect your nexus to pc go to device manager and update mtp driver . tick chekbox " install the software automatically ( recomenden ) " on driver installation dialog and install driver . wait for a moment and you can see nexus 4 like an mtp device . now you should see the mtp device , and be able to transfer files to it . hope this solves your issue : )
there is no such option at this moment . we can use " profiles active " variable ( %PACTIVE ) .
if you are asking for a remote desktop solution that allows you to view/control your desktop/laptop from your android mobile device over local wireless network , the answer is : any rdp/vnc app . personally i use pocketcloud by wyse . it supports both rdp ( microsoft windows , built into the os ) and vnc ( cross platform , if you have a linux computer or apple toy you want to view/control , or you prefer vnc on windows ) protocols . either rdp or vnc will work over a local network and , if you have proper firewall configuration and dns setup , can be used over the public internet as well with reasonable security . vnc requires a server to be running on the computer you wish to control . there are several " flavors " of vnc out there , and many of them are free ( as in beer ) . check out tightvnc for a pretty solid version . rdp requires you to enable remote desktop on your computer . in later version of windows it is disabled by default . the good thing about both these tools is that they are protocols , not confined app systems . as in , you do not need a microsoft app on your android tablet to view an rdp session , and you can install any vnc viewer app on your tablet/phone to view any type of vnc server . ( note : with certain types of authentication in vnc , i have found some viewer apps do not work . just find the right combination for what you need . ) if , however , you are asking something different , please clarify your question to indicate what it is you are actually asking .
as far as android sdk documentation goes : hence theoretically speaking , if the app developer had used appropriate methods this app should work normally . in that sense , i do not think you have any better way other than reporting this to the app developer . rooting your nexus 7 does not going to solve this issue - in my opinion . update : i sent an email to the support team of the app developer quoting this question . i received a reply as : Thank you for your information. We have filed the issue with engineering team. We'll try our best to fix them ASAP.  which in my opinion supports my assumption .
there is an app called mono for bluetooth that allows you route the devices sound via mono bluetooth headset . i am sure there are other apps , but this is the first one i found and it seems to work fine . it also does the following : sound indication when routing is switched on restores sound volume after switching off the routing indication when routing is on in status bar restores bluetooth routing after phone call supports android 2.2 and higher .
after updating to a 2.3.4-based rom that is not 2.3.3 , this issue seems to be solved . see more details in the answer to this question .
quoting the answer from xda forum . in linux or windows with cygwin . $ tar -H ustar -c recovery.img &gt; recovery.tar $ md5sum -t recovery.tar &gt;&gt; recovery.tar $ mv recovery.tar recovery.tar.md5 
yes . on your second pc , set the environment variable ADBHOST to the ip address of the first pc and run the adb server and client . related steps ( more detailed ) are here . although you are not connecting to a physical device , it is apparently also possible to do so over the network without using usb . instructions for that are here .
hboot is bootloader . it lives inside nand 's first partition , mtd0 ( if partition map is mtd ) . it is loaded in memory ( ram ) when device is switched on . its jobs are : check the hardware . initialize the hardware . start the operating system ( either android or recovery ) . hboot can also support doing more than this like flashing roms . something more : nandroid backup and restore do not touch hboot .
you get 15 minutes trial of all paid apps listed in play store . its google 's policy to refund money if you are not satisfied but you will have to claim refund within 15 minutes . after purchasing an app , just look for Refund button on app page in play store app .
look under settings > wireless and networks . you should see a vpn option . assuming you already have a vpn server running on your ubuntu machine , it should be pretty self-explanatory from there
absolutely . well . . . almost . just make sure you set the partition from rewritable to read-only once you are " unrooted " . however , once you are unrooted , binaries like su and the superuser apk will in all probability removed , so you will in effect be dropped to a lower privilege level . this will have the side-effect of having the apps installed in the system partition as being uninstallable . a workaround is to remove/uninstall apps from the system partition , remove root and then add the apps as user apps - this will ensure that they can be updated in the future without the need for root .
things that i tried that did not fix this problem : restarting the phone removing and reinserting the sim card uninstalling the skype app calling at and t support ( 611 ) and asking for them to reset the network registration of my phone restarting my phone in safe mode booting my phone into system recovery mode and wiping the cache partition solution : at and t indicated that it was a problem with the network registration , given every piece of my phone 's communication worked except for receiving sms . this turned out to be true . the solution was to put the sim card in another phone , which overrode the network registration for my number . after about a minute , the second phone received all of the texts that the first had not been able to get , and then i could move the sim card back into my regular phone and receive texts as normal .
check what input methods your device has by following the screen shots- you should be able to see all installed keyboards by following the guide , and select the one which suits you . or if you do not have much options there , install a new keyboard input method from market or install swype beta by registering here .
i believe its being caused by a certain combination of buttons at the bottom of the screen . i have not found a workaround , but here is something you can do to , at least not to store images ( its not much , but something ) . it creates a directory " screencaptures " to store images in ; if you delete it , it will be simply recreated . so , instead , in the same directory , create a file with that name . every time a screen is captured , it will complain that it cannot be stored , so at least you will not have to worry about deleting those images .
because google text-to-speech is not really an app : it is a library app . that is , it does not have a user interface for you to interact with ; rather , it offers an interface to other apps to use its functionality . other apps on the phone can give text to google text-to-speech for it to speak out loud . it is up to the author of the app in question to use the facility offered by google text-to-speech : only apps that have been written to use it can do so . so if you want firefox to use google text-to-speech to read out web pages , you need to file a feature request with mozilla ( the organization that develops firefox ) asking them to support this . for the same reason , the way you use it in an app that does support it , such as google play books , is different from app to app . there might be a button or menu item to read text out , or there might be a setting to make the app read things out automatically .
aha ! ok i am no where near a cellular expert but based on a wild guess i searched for carrier apns and found here a list of apns per carrier per country . i guess these are always required but somehow cyanogenmod is not configured to determine these codes automatically . while this may help others facing the same problem , i hope someone with real insight shares the knowledge
you do not need to root your kindle fire for this -- as long as the following source is still valid : install android marketplace and google apps on amazon kindle fire . as that howto speaks about " android marketplace " ( and not " google play" ) , it may not be up-to-date -- but i doubt the change of the name affected the procedure of installation . a more up-to-date tutorial is install android play store on amazon kindle fire - the easiest way , but that involves rooting the device . maybe it has to do with the framework and a newer android version , which makes rooting a necessary step . edit : you may also want to take a look at these video tutorials : how to install google music / play on your kindle fire ! and gapps on kindle fire without rooting . looks like you can still have google play installed this way without rooting .
you are correct . the external storage directory is classed as an ' external sdcard ' . anything with sdcard in the title is not wiped during a factory reset . when you go to factory reset , you will be given the option to wipe your sdcard as well as the internal storage data directory .
( if you have got adb enabled on your tablet and installed on your pc , skip the next two paragraphs ) if you have only been replacing apks , you will need to enable developer settings ( settings -> about tablet -> scroll down to " build number " and tap seven times ) . then , go back , and into the developer options panel , and scroll down to the " debugging " section . enable the " android debugging option " , and plug your tablet into your computer . you will also need the android sdk . after installing it , navigate to the sdk folder , then the ' tools ' subdirectory and run ' android ' . you will need to wait for it to load , and then check the platform tools package . click install , agree to the license , and it will install . open up a command prompt/terminal ( windows : win+r cmd , mac : launchpad -> ' other ' -> terminal , linux : you know how ) , and navigate to the folder your sdk is located in using cd ( i.e. cd C:\Users\bobby\android-sdk or cd /Users/bob/android-sdk ) . then , run platform-tools/adb devices . it should show up your tablet . if it does not try unplugging your tablet and repeat , and then try double-checking that you enabled usb debugging . now , simply run platform-tools/adb logcat , and run the misbehaving apps on the tablet . you should see lots of lovely stacktraces and whatnot .
yes . from the widget , select the contact name ( not image ) . this brings you to the contact info . select the chain link in the upper right hand corner ( it should say linked in your specific example ) . finally , select the image in the upper left corner . you can select the image source from there . i tested it on the htc incredible . edit : i was originally referring to the favorites widget but basically , the favorites widget is just an example of the people widget which can be the any-group-at-all widget . ( i apologize if this is obvious , caffeine has not fully sunk in yet . )
i have been using the touchdown client for the past month and have been very pleased with how will it works with our exchange server . not free , but worth a look imho .
as previously mentioned it is from go launcher . there is , however a setting to disable it . go to preferences and there should be an option to disable the christmas animation . i can no longer find it in mine but i do know it was there when the animation was appearing .
download flash from here : http://helpx.adobe.com/flash-player/kb/archived-flash-player-versions.html . the stock browser is best but if you can not use that firefox is 2nd when it comes to
you will need a ms147 . be careful , you might kill your internal antenna connecting an external one .
i never actually found the underlying problem but by deleting all contacts on the sim i at least did not have to scroll through hundreds of duplicates anymore .
you could use a so called " app locker " like e.g. app lock , which allow you to protect selected apps with a pattern lock . a more restrictive way would be to turn your tab into a " kiosk device " ( details can be found following the kiosk-mode tag ; just 6 questions , so it should be easy to browse ) .
android does not have a built-in rss feed reader , but there are many rss feed reader apps ( and websites ) that will happily import an opml file . if you want to use a website , or an app with a website-synced back end , then google reader is very popular , and you can definitely import opml files into google reader . on your device you can then either visit the google reader webpage , or use the google reader app , or one of the other many android apps that sync with google reader . to import an opml file into google reader , click the cog/gear icon in the top-right of the page , then click reader settings and then import/export . you should then see the option to upload your opml file .
how to find the activity ? activities are listed in the .apk file 's Manifest . this is e.g. explained in run android application from command line . the linked page gives a short example : the activity is listed in the &lt;activity&gt; element , which also holds the intent to be called ( in the contained &lt;action&gt; element ) . how to investigate the Manifest ? now for the tricky part , as we are no developers : how to view the Manifest ? luckily , we can get some help from the playstore for this -- e.g. in the form of an app called app detective : app detective and appexplore ( source : google playstore ; click images to enlarge ) as you can see in above screenshot , this app allows the user to investigate the Manifest files of installed apps , but does not stop at this . ressources , libraries , signatures , and more can be looked up . alternatives worth mentioning are the manifestviewer and the appexplore . pick your choice : ) so what is the main activity of google keep ? using above " investigation methods " , kevin figured out it is com.google.android.keep.BrowserActivity ( see below comment if you do not believe me ; )
if you root your vibrant , you should be able to get hebrew characters support , as described here . basically you are just overwriting a system default " fall-back " font with the one that has hebrew . this will get your phone to recognize the incoming text . next you can install a virtual keyboard with a language pack , such as anysoftkeyboard and the hebrew language pack .
searching the market , i found rawdroid demo . it says it'll open raw files from dslrs including canon . i have not tried it and it does not seem to have many downloads , so i am not sure if it will work .
you can try button remapper , but i am not 100% sure if your device is supported . if its not , you could contact the dev and see if he can add support , he recently added support for the galaxy s devices . edit actually , from looking at that thread , it may be supported already . i see there are " media " actions that can be changed . . .
download and install the android sdk . on your handset 's manufacturer website find and download usb drivers for your device , and install them . on your phone go to Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Development and enable the USB debugging option . now when connect the phone to your pc via usb , you should see the " usb debugging connected " ongoing notification . on your pc ( i am assuming windows ) start command prompt by going to start -> run , typing " cmd " and pressing enter . navigate to the " platrofm-tools " sub-folder of where you installed the android sdk ( e . g . " c:\androidsdk" ) by typing the following : cd c:\androidsdk\platform-tools and press enter . now issue the following command : adb devices and press enter . if everything was installed correctly , the adb service will start and show your connected handset 's serial number : * daemon not running . starting it now on port 5037 * * daemon started successfully * list of devices attached ht035xxxxxxxx device you can now issue the adb logcat command to review your handset 's logs in real-time . reboot while your handset is still plugged into usb ( you will need to re-issue the adb logcat command when the phone restarts ) and you will be able to see what your phone is doing during those long boot-up sequences .
there is a similar question which covers some of this : security risks of rooting your android smartphone . however , since it does not really explain how you manage access to the root user , i will expand on that here . when you root your device , you basically always ( technically i suppose you do not have to , but you should ) install the superuser application along with the su binary . superuser 's sole purpose is to manage which applications are permitted to elevate to root and which are not . the default behavior is that superuser will prompt you whenever a new app tries to execute a call to su , and you can then allow or deny it using the prompt . it can save your decisions so that you will not get prompted more than once for the same app , but you can erase this saved data from the superuser settings page . it also provides a log viewer which keeps track of when su is accessed and by which applications . now , the tricky part is that many of the newer malicious apps will actually perform an exploit to gain root access rather than simply trying to make a call to su . there is really not much you can do about these aside from being careful about what you install and where you install apps from since they are not even using su to begin with . however - to directly answer your question - apps which require legitimate root access can be easily managed by superuser as explained above . if you are rooted but do not already have superuser then you should be able to simply install it from the market , i believe .
to provide some background on this question , google talk uses xmpp ( aka jabber ) which is an open instant messaging standard . as a part of this standard , every instant messaging client ( chat in gmail and the android talk app ) is assigned a resource . the server then uses the resource to know which client is communicating . this is how the interaction works : say your gmail account is bob@gmail . com . then gmail chat might be bob@gmail.com/gchat and the talk app bob@gmail.com/talk when your friend sue ( sue@gmail . com ) wants to send you a message , she simply sends it to bob@gmail . com . at this point , the server either sends the message to whichever client you used last , or sends the message to all currently connected clients ( google does the latter ) . when you reply to sue using the talk app , she receives the message from bob@gmail.com/talk . now , instead of sending further messages to bob@gmail . com , sue 's client now sends messages directly to bob@gmail.com/talk and will continue doing so until a message is received from some other client . this means that what saiboogu said should work . that is , to switch between clients , send a message to the person you are chatting with from the desired client . tl ; dr : this happens by design , saiboogu 's workaround works .
that is not how nfc works . the n stands for " near " , and it really means that : the tag has to be touching the back of the phone for it to be read . sometimes even putting a case on the phone stops it reading nfc tags . if you want something like this , you could buy a samsung galaxy note 2 or later . these phones have a special feature using the phone 's stylus ( s pen ) , where if the phone gets more than about a metre from the stylus , it will start to bleep . it is mainly intended to stop you forgetting the stylus , but it works just as well the other way around . some newer bluetooth headsets have this feature too : the headset alerts you if it goes out of range of the phone .
from my tests , data usage still show normal usage . e.g. using firefox , firefox data usage increase , using google+ , google+ data usage increase , etc . . . also , it is not double counted for adblock plus . ( i used ~15mb total , and data usage report 340kb for adblock plus ) . tested on android 4.1.2 .
no piece of software that you install on any hardware of any form is 100% safe unless you are the author or you have read all of the source code , verified its safety , and built it yourself . okay , so this may be something of an oversimplification , but it is actually not too far off in most cases . custom roms are no exception to this . yes , a rom author could put spyware , a backdoor , or just about anything else they wanted into a rom if they wanted to maliciously exploit it . with aosp roms i suppose the possibilities are somewhat magnified since the android source itself could be modified to contain some kind of exploit or spyware . it is also worth noting , however , that running a manufacturer stock rom is not necessarily a safer option if you are concerned about privacy . the question " is android safe by default " is in some ways kind of a meaningless question . is it designed to be safe ? well yes , data is protected at the application level and apps are sandboxed . any os is intended to be safe , but all of that goes out the window when you run a rom that is not pure aosp . on top of that , the nature of code is that it has bugs , with android being no exception . custom roms and manufacturer roms alike can absolutely have the potential to introduce ( either intentionally or unintentionally ) ways for your data to be sniffed or stolen .
the " draw over other apps " permission ( known to developers as android.permission.SYSTEM_ALERT_WINDOW ) only lets the app create a window of type TYPE_SYSTEM_ALERT . this is the same type of window used by the battery warning , amongst other things , and is shown on top of any normal window , whatever you are doing . drawing this window on top of the other windows is done by android itself . an app with this permission still can not read other parts of the screen or read other apps ' data . this permission does not even let the app see ( the names of ) what other apps are running , which is controlled by a different permission called , " retrieve running apps " . facebook messenger does not use that permission , but the main facebook app does , in order to support facebook home . even so , this permission is far from harmless . an app might use this permission to display pop-up ads when you are doing something else : ads that you can not dismiss , not even by pressing home . with a bit of cunning , it might even be possible for an app to place a window that conceals an important confirmation dialog , so that while you think you are answering " yes " to a harmless question , the button belongs to a warning about installing further apps or deleting your data , which the system alert has hidden . this was a common tactic used by windows malware a few years ago ( before uac arrived in windows vista ) .
there are several rdp/vnc application on android , which can be used to " run " any windows application . what you basically need to do is fairly straightforward : setup a server or virtual machine running a windows machine install a rdp/vnc viewer on your android configure the viewer to connect to the server citrix and azure virtualization platform can be accessed by regular off-the-shelf rdp viewer . as an alternative , many open source or off-the-shelf virtualization software like virtualbox or vmware also supports rdp or vnc protocol for remote displays of their virtual machines . how to set up the server is outside the scope of [ android . se ] , try [ superuser ] or [ serverfault ] . once the server is setup , it is fairly straightforward to setup the android part , come back with a more specific question if you had trouble when you get there .
assuming that it has not changed since ics , you can go to : Settings \u2192 Language &amp; Input \u2192 Android Keyboard settings  you can enable another languages over there and then you can quickly switch by long pressing on the space bar or by tapping on " select input method " entry on the notification bar .
if you run xposed framework , nfc lockscreenoff enabler is your method of choice .
if you go to settings -> battery ( settings -> about phone -> battery in &lt ; ics ) . you will see battery usage by everything running on your phone . if some certain application consumes very high battery , it will be listed there along with battery usage . you can then minimize use of such application .
passmark has a quite comprehensive list of android devices with cpu , memory , storage , 2d graphics and 3d graphics benchmarks . if your device is not on the list , you can use the free app on google play to measure your device ( and contribute to the public list ) .
i fixed the problem by the following steps : clear data of the xpressconnect app , then uninstall it . this step alone did not fix the problem . reboot my nook to recovery mode , and clear/wipe the dalvik cache . restart . to start fresh , i also clear the cache of all my web browsers .
the problem is caused because the os thinks you connected your headphones . i saw that problem in ios some years ago . use this app to solve it : wiredheadphoneroutingfix
you may want to read this blog post . you might get a way with simply trying to access any web site and waiting for the Buy Web DayPass prompt . otherwise you might need to do the trick mentioned in the blog , which is trying the above on a non-android phone and then swapping the the daypass enabled sim .
i reproduced the exact same issue on my nexus 10 after upgrading to kitkat . cycling power on the device after the update resolved the problem for me .
solved myself : i tried after reading a lot of stuff to tweak my router and do a firmware update and i totally messed it up and almost destroyed it . it actually will not work at all and will not be found by wireless or anything , but it was already 5 years old , so i did not mind too much , i went and bought a new one ( logilink - heard this brand for the first time , but works like a charm ) . i installed my new router ( even though it asked for some things i heard for the first time in my entire life ) and it runs on 802.11n perfectly fine for all my 3 computers and all my 3 phones . so turns out my old router was too old apparently . in conclusion , for anyone reading the question , i believe a firmware update on an old router if done properly ( in which i failed horribly ) can fix this problem , also as @matthewread pointed out in the comments mixed b and g was fairly worse than g only , so you can try this . in any case ,
hold volume up and back key . have you tried this ?
looking at the developers website it should be as simple as copying the gallery vault backup data folder .thinkyeah/ to your new device 's sd card . you should then be able to install the app on your new device and open the vault with the same password you previously used .
this shows the difference between agps and gps . agps ( assisted gps ) uses a small amount of mobile data to establish a rough location fix ( about 1km-100m accuracy ) based on the cell towers near you . this gives a faster initial location fix than just gps . since you had roaming disabled , agps was not available and getting a location fix on just gps can take a while , especially on some firmware versions of the galaxy s .
you mentioned in your question that you do not want to buy any additional connectors . any reason in particular ? how unwilling are you to spend money ? resolution is not going to be the problem , it is latency . if you are absolutely adverse to paying , try running a vnc server on your phone then connect to it using a vnc viewer program on your computer . laptop magazine has a very good walkthrough here : how to control an android device from your pc . they reference vmlite vnc server which is $9.99 but you can find other vnc server programs that are free ( though several do not look terribly trustworthy , imo ) . you are getting what you pay for , however ; a cheap wireless solution means input lag . your games are going to be very hard to play and the experience will be generally poor . if you can manage a few dollars , then an micro usb to hdmi mhl adapter ( with 5pin to 11pin micro usb adapter for your s4 - be sure to read the fine print ! ) as referenced in gt7599a 's answer is the way to go . $15 ( ish ) plus an hdmi cable gets you a wired solution with very low latency . if you want something wireless but are also wanting to be able to actually play games , your best bet is an adapter that takes advantage of the s4 's wifi direct/miracast capabilities . that means a samsung wi-fi all-share cast hub ( $55 ) , netgear push2tv ( $60 ) , or similar . how much is it worth to you ?
as you did not mention your phone nor the android version , we can only make wild guesses . simplest case : it is de-activated on your android device most likely you unintentionally deactivated the usb mass storage ( or mtp , depending on device/version ) mode . to get it back : when you connected the usb cable , wait 2-3 seconds , and then pull open the notification area . it should show an entry with the usb symbol which lets you chose the action to perform ( "charge only " , " usb mass storage " , " mtp " , . . . ) . chose the one you want . now your computer should see the new device . simple case : your usb-cable got " broken " of course another possibility is your usb cable " got broken " ( e . g . due to physical stress ) . if the above did not solve your issue , you might try with a different cable . more difficult case : ubuntu messed up third option i can think of is that ubuntu somehow messed up . to rule this out , try with a different computer ( e . g . visit a friend if you do not have a second computer ) . you can also try booting from some live cd/dvd on your ubuntu machine . using the same machine for the test bears the risk that , if it is a hardware issue with the machine , results are simply the same ; in case your usb port might be the issue , try a different port ( and try a different device on the same port to cross-check ) . if it is ubuntu messing things up , our sister-site askubuntu might prove helpful , and we are not any more . . . hard case : usb port on your computer is broken i already showed above how to rule this out : try connecting your android device to a different usb port . if it works there , the former port most likely is broken . if not , try connecting some other usb device ( external hard disk would be ideal ) to the former port . if that works , the port is ok . ultra-hard case : usb port on your android device is broken if you cannot get anything to work on your devices usb port , it is a case for the repair shop . . .
some developers use the android id as a way of verifying who you are . so if you do not restore the android id , you will have to re-validate certain apps . for example , google play music and netflix will see a new device tied to your account ( source ) . google play music limits the number of devices you can have attached , so people who wipe their phone multiple times to try out new roms may have problems trying to sync with google play music as they reach the 10 device limit ( source ) . you can deauthorize devices if you have reached your limit . in practice , it is generally best to restore the id if you are going to also restore apps via titanium backup . there is no upside to keeping a new id , and there are potential downsides if you do not restore .
the problem was a silly one . when you try to select a wallpaper you are given two choices : full wallpaper for the virtual desktop ( option 1 , scrollable wallpapers ) and a fixed wallpaper ( the second option ) . if you select the second option , it will ask if you want to use the same wallpaper for the lock screen . however , if you select the first one , it will not ask you anything ( because it can not be set ) — ths was the root of the problem . i am assuming that , if you do tap the " do not show this dialog again " can be reset by tapping " clear defaults " in the gallery app .
as far as i know , this is just the way motorola designed their blur interface . see , for example , this screenshot from a blog post on motorola 's dev site : this basically appears anywhere that a developer uses a ListView object , which is fairly common as it is the native way to display . . . well , a list of things ( appropriately named , no ? ) . motorola describes their reasoning as such : the gray background at the bottom of the list is inherited from the device theme . its purpose is to show users where the list ends . in your case , the gray is instead white ( which i have also seen on the droid x ) , but the same concept applies . if you want to get rid of it you basically need to re-theme your device and get rid of the blur ui , which is generally not possible without rooting and using a custom rom due to how tightly integrated it is into the system . alternatively , you could email the developer and politely ask them to re-theme the ListView , since they have the option to explicitly override the default theming if they want . whether or not they think it is worth the effort is kind of out of your control at that point , though .
hmm , actually just tried again a few hours later and it works now . . . odd !
called customer support and it sounded like a defective unit . they covered it under the 1 yr included warranty . they pay for the shipping label as well , all you need to supply is the box .
currently there is no way to share notes on keep in the same way that you can share a document . however , if your goal is to share notes between a fixed amount of persons ( e . g . family members , ) you can always create a new google account , add it to all android phones that you need to share on , and enable sync of keep only on that account .
i had this same issue . in my case i had a bunch of words i did not want and did not realize there was the options to reset the learned words . therefore , i used the system 's application manager to clear cache and data . after doing this it broke the ribbon . no matter what i did i could not get it back . i tried just about everything , but the only way i could get it back was as follows : ( please note i am rooted ) 1 ) switch default keyboard to something else 2 ) load " titanium backup ! " 3 ) browse to the " samsung keyboard " app and " wipe data ! " 4 ) switch back to samsung keyboard and the ribbon is back ! : ) i am not sure why titanium backup ! ' s " wipe data ! " worked better than the " clear cache/clear data " from the android settings menu . i am wondering if clearing the data from the android menu a second time would have worked . i just wanted to post this information to help whoever has this issue next . it definitely can be fixed by wiping the data for just samsung keyboard ( no factory reset needed ) . i just did not narrow it down to if you need root access , and if you need to use titanium backup ! good luck !
the problem with something like this is it is really hard to keep up . somethings are easily seen as bad , but others , are harder to judge . would you black list a twitter client that has access to your location ? that is a feature since people can attach their location to their tweets . it is not one i use , but it is one some people do . what about a note taking app that has location and camera access ? is there any use case at all for something like that needing your location or the camera ? you would need to create a standard for what is not acceptable and what is . the sad corollary is , do people installing apps really pay attention to what permissions their applications want ?
i believe fennec ( firefox mobile ) will have this feature , but it is currently only in alpha . you can get a copy of the alpha here . note that you will need about 40mb+ of internal storage space free to install it .
there are several approaches to accomplish this . ready-to-use tools like juicedefender or greenpower " stutter " data ( i.e. . turn data and sync on only in certain intervals , as you requested ) . the same could be accomplished using an automation tool like tasker or llama , which then could be used for other automation as well . apart from that , you might want to check what you have enabled to sync ( see : settings→account and sync ) . maybe you do not need to sync all of that , so you can uncheck parts . i found that about have the stuff enabled there by default i did not want or need . less stuff to sync also means less power needed for the job . and bandwidth saved as a side-effect .
i am not aware of such an app/feature right now , but you could use the collective effect of a couple of apps to get almost the desired thing . lightning bug : this is a cool free app that has always-on display feature and shows the clock , ( and weather , etc . ) and more . screen filter : this app will allow you to reduce the brightness even lower than what the android system would allow you to . however , when you want to put your device into standby , you will need to open these apps to get the effect . also , running these apps does not mean it is in " lock " mode . i see a great potential for an app that does both of these together and also put the device into lock mode at the same time .
as far as i know , you can not transfer files over android beam , just urls/locations etc . this is because android beam does not use bluetooth or wifi direct in addition to the nfc transfer , which means that an average photo would take 30+ seconds to beam . in android 4.1+ ( jelly bean ) you can transfer files with nfc+bt , and s beam uses nfc+wifi direct .
windows its easier , what you can do is this , from the cmd window , adb logcat &gt; my_logcat.txt and just let it run , now , you can pause , resume the scrolling , in that cmd window , same keystrokes for linux terminal , iirc , now launch an editor and open the file ' my_logcat . txt ' and there the results will show , had there not being a pause/resume in the cmd window , the file will get updated , such as using ' notepad2 ' , ' notepad++ ' or similar , the in-built windows 's version of notepad would do very little justice . linux from a linux terminal under a gui such as kde/gnome , using the two utilities combined , found on most distributions , multitail , which is like a tail unix utility , only more powerful ! adb logcat # want to see the logcat on the screen  using ctrl+s to suspend , then ctrl+q to resume the display , and simply mouse scroll the terminal to back-track seeing the logcat output . the other way is this . . . adb logcat &gt; my_logcat.txt 2&gt;&amp;1 &amp; multitail my_logcat.txt  the first line above creates a background process by using the &amp; at the end of the command , redirecting any errors to /dev/null hence 2&gt;&amp;1 . as the process is forked into the background , using multitail can perform , scroll-back on the logcat .
you can choose when , and how often , you want your application to check its license and you have full control over how it handles the response , verifies the signed response data , and enforces access controls . from http://developer.android.com/guide/market/licensing/overview.html so yes basically whenever the developer wants it to . i would imagine the most common time to check is when the application is first opened . your application does not query the licensing server directly , but instead calls the google play client over remote ipc to initiate a license request . in the license request : your application provides : its package name , a nonce that is later used to validate any response from the server , and a callback over which the response can be returned asynchronously . the google play client collects the necessary information about the user and the device , such as the device 's primary google account username , imsi , and other information . it then sends the license check request to the server on behalf of your application . the google play server evaluates the request using all available information , attempting to establish the user 's identity to a sufficient level of confidence . the server then checks the user identity against purchase records for your application and returns a license response , which the google play client returns to your application over the ipc callback . so : the information about the application , the device and the user goes off to google 's servers . google then checks your name against the list of people it knows have paid for the application on google play . ( it could also check the name of the application against a list of applications it knows that you have downloaded from google play ) if it can see that you have downloaded ( and paid for ) the application from google play it sends back that you have a license , if not then it tells the app you do not . obviously this is all done online so if you are offline then it will not work . if i was writing the application i would have a counter to let the person to use it offline 3 times or so before having to go online to get the license check in order to stop the kind of thing happening to you where you can not play offline . of course if someone digs into the file where the counter is stored they could change the value back to 3 tries every time they use it and never have to pay but that is probably beyond the technical competence of most users .
for a start , you can not install " vanilla android " on a non-nexus device . see flash a smartphone with vanilla android rom for more . the closest you can get is a custom rom that was originally based on aosp and then ported to your device , such as cyanogenmod . the custom rom 's documentation should say whether it has the drivers for the stylus , and if so , it'll work just like a more precise touchscreen . you still will not get any special stylus features ( like extra buttons or pressure-sensitivity ) in this case , though . there is no standard android interface for such features , so they rely on the vendor 's proprietary library and interfaces for apps to support them . again , you should check the custom rom 's documentation to find out how much is supported .
i had a problem like this with my sprint evo shift , except toggling 3g would usually get things to work . while i was debugging i found a free app called reset connections that was at least faster than toggling data services off and on again . i do not know if that will solve your problem , but it is something to try .
it is generally below 5 minutes , anything over 10 minutes is probably considered a wrong flash . read the instructions given by the developer and than try again . if it still does not work as for help in the roms thread ask they will be better suited to help with specific questions about your rom than us .
hangout is the replacement to google talk . and on hangout you can see people online . go into hangout , click the + sign to have " new hangout " ( + sign is on top right , or simply swipe from right to left ) , and all people with a green hangout sign are online people . all people with grey hangout are offline , but you can send them ' offline ' messages so they can see it as soon as they are online . unfortunately this is only half the answer as i do not see a way to remove hangout back to google talk . if anyone can add to this answer , please do .
create a profile that is active when connected to the bluetooth device and set up an exit task to run whatever you want when the profile becomes inactive due to the device disconnects .
well i kinda ' fixed it . i changed the user agent setting in my opera browser from mobile to desktop and every flv file now works . as you might expect there are side effects ( i am getting dektop sites instead of mobile sites - they are bigger , harder to use and they take up more space so they load slower ) . this will be a good work around at leas .
this appears to be something of a bug , either in ics or the galaxy nexus ( though i am unsure which ) . unbeknownst to me , there is a " system volume " level that controls , among other things , the output of ui sound effects . this volume level does not appear to be modifiable within the normal system settings , but you can modify it with third party apps . based on this information ( which i obtained from an xda thread ) , i downloaded volume control + from the play store and launched it . the very last slider on the interface was for " system volume " , and it was set to a value of 0 . once i cranked it back up to the maximum , my ui sounds began playing normally again . i do not know what causes this to become muted inadvertently .
while websites can not directly access the gps , then can get the current location from the device ( but of course only if the user has granted the permission ) . i think that this is done via html5 's gelocation api , but i am not sure .
from settings , go to general:accounts:google : and then disable everything from being synced . as soon as this is done , the password prompt will stop popping up . after password is changed , sync can be enabled again .
navigate to Settings &gt; Application Manager &gt; All then select Reset App Preferences from the menu . try if this works , it worked for me for some other apps .
the delay is because the android media scanner process does not run constantly . there is an app in the market to force it to run -- http://www.appbrain.com/app/com.addz.mediascanner i have not used this app personally , but it is highly rated .
unfortunately , there is currently no way to limit the size of the cache for the google music app . people have been asking for it since it came out though , so hopefully it appears in a future update .
you can use dropsync . it can sync any specified folder and you can setup a schedule . recent update of free version of the app removed limitation for the schedule .
that is a soft brick , for the reasons below : handset is still powering on adb is responding handset recognizes usb cable plugged in ( how else were you able to adb ? ) handset recognizes the sdcard look at this question to see izzy 's answer on what is classified as a " brick " . something went awry there and it clobbered the recovery environment . . . mind giving a bit more details . . . ? edit from the comments below , it transpires that the op pushed over the shell binary file sh from the root of the phone , ( either overwriting it and or/had incorrect permissions ) and ended up with a " locked-out " of executing shell commands and fail . by the way , there is no way to set the permission as the sh interpreter does not have the appropriate permission for executable bit ! so executing any commands on that will fail . the only remedy is to re-flash the recovery image directly onto the recovery partition , by going into fastboot mode on the handset , usually power + volume up , armed with a fastboot binary that must be entered on either the linux 's terminal or windows 's cmd , i.e. two operating system environments , choose one of your own preference : linux sudo fastboot flash recovery recovery.img  windows fastboot-win flash recovery recovery.img  that will restore the recovery environment and then the shell interpreter should work from within adb shell session next time recovery gets booted into .
no . installing packages is still a privilege reserved to the package manager , which is a system app ( i.e. . it is inside the rom ) , and the package manager does not offer an interface to avoid the confirmation dialog . this is by design . that said , if usb debugging is enabled ( in the developer options ) , you can use adb to install an apk file from a pc , with no user interaction . this possibility exists regardless of whether installing apps from " unknown sources " is enabled . usb debugging is a so-called secure option : only system apps can change it .
if your phone is actually a developer phone supplied through google ( and not a consumer phone bought through a phone company ) then you have actually got an adp2 , not a magic , beware of that when looking for roms as they are some subtle differences in the hardware . official adp2 images are hosted by htc at http://developer.htc.com/ but only up to android 1.6 for adp1 and adp2 . if you do actually have an htc magic ( aka mytouch 3g ) then depending on your phone company there are official froyo releases for the magic which have been pushed out ota by some phone companies , see this previous question for more info when will my phone get the android 2.2 update ( froyo ) ? . if going for unofficial roms then be careful again as there are ( at least ) two hardware variants of this with incompatible roms , the magic a , and magic b .
the numbers in " app_xyz " name will be different on every device , since they depend on the order of installed apps . in adb shell or terminal emulator perform the following command : ls -l /data/data/  this should return a listing of installed apps ' directories that contain their data and settings , like so : the 2nd and 3rd columns list the app 's owner , while the 5th column contains the app 's package name . find the line corresponding to the " app_132" from your logcat entry , and the package name will help you figure out the responsible app . once you have the package name , try searching for it in the google play store . just use the link https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=xxxxxxx , where " xxxxxxx " is the package name you found . for example , on my phone " app_70" corresponds to " com . android . chrome " , which corresponds to google chrome browser in the play store : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.android.chrome
there are two ways i think you can do this , in the android app , click on the layer selection and go to the my maps layer , where you should see your private maps . if you want to access your bookmarked address , from the main maps screen , click the menu button and choose the bookmarks option . ( not sure about bookmarks , i have a french ui , so it shows as ' favoris' )
you might try the ultimate rotation control app -- when i tested , i found that it could force any of the apps i tested to rotate . it is a seven day free trial , then requires a license purchase ( us$2.99 ) . it turned out that i did not really consider the app that inspired me to download this any better when force rotated , so i did not purchase , but your mileage may vary .
try this : on the messaging app , ( without opening any thread ) , tap on the menu key and go to settings . scroll down to multimedia message ( mms ) settings section and turn off " auto-retrieve " next time you view the message , the message will display a download button . make sure your mobile data is on , and tap on the button . the image will be retrieved and displayed inline on galaxy s .
you need to flash this google apps ( gapps ) from this site here . installing just one apk for play store will not suffice and will fail as it has dependencies on other components that makes up gapps .
htc provide ota-update to 2.2 for htc desire . you do not need any special ( root or goldcard ) to update your phone . just connect your phone to wi-fi or 3g
you should try tasker for simple interface and quick setup . if you are willing to do something by code and very specific , a good alternative is onx by microsoft , you can write your code to do exactly the things you wanna do . also there are some ready recipes that you can quickly setup .
compass calibration works by detecting the magnetic field intensity of earth . but sometimes due to strong interference from other electronic devices like transformers compass sensor may get wrong idea about the magnetic poles of earth and can point in wrong direction . so to ensure that it asks users to recalibrate compass by rotating in figure 8 direction so that it can judge the magnetic intensity in all directions and then from that data it deduces the actual poles of earth .
you do not need to do anything . every device using google backup with the same google account keeps its own separate set of data . when you sign into your google account for the first time after a factory-reset , the device will look through all the backup sets and try to pick the most recent one from the same device . it'll restore from that set of data , and use that to create a new backup set . only if you sign in on a completely new device that you have not used before ( not even before a factory-reset ) will it choose a set from a different device : in that case , the most recently backed-up set . so , you can leave your galaxy nexus backing up to its own set , and your galaxy s5 backing up to its own set . if you factory-reset one of them , it'll restore the apps and data from the same device . for a much more complete explanation of how google backup keeps track of different sets of backed-up data , see my answer to google backup : multiple devices using the same account - what happens on restore ?
the minimal requirements for building an android app are usually the android sdk and ant . then , you are able to build the majority 1 of projects with the following steps . if there is no build.xml generate it android update project -p . -n $project_name -s then build the project with ant debug which will create an .apk signed with your debug key . all other dependencies range from the used vcs ( e . g . git ) , over the required 3rd party libraries , up to other required build tools ( e . g . android ndk ) . 1 why did i write majority ? because there is no definitive answer for such a question , as it simply depends on the used build system and the overall build setup of the project . let 's have a look at f-droid 's metadata , which is a big database of build recipes for foss android apps . you will find that there are many ways how an android app can be build . for example goo.TeaTimer has a very clean and short build recipe , namely none , which defaults basically to f-droid using ant debug to create the .apk . on the other hand , org.transdroid.full requires a few more steps to create the .apk: first the transdroid core library needs to be created , that is the ant -f ../lib/build.xml line in prebuild , then options are disabled with the sed command . now the final .apk can be built .
there is not a system setting , so the app smart rotator is probably the closest thing you can get , but yes , in the beginning , you have to set everything up yourself .
they are included in android . the correct settings are determined by your sim mcc and mnc ( mobile country code and mobile network code ) . if you want , you can view the list of preset apns by looking at the source code , for example at android-source-browsing . the file name in this case is /etc/apns-full-conf . xml , but apparently it varies .
with root privilege , a malware app can certainly do heavy damage , but it does not work like that . just because an app is on a rooted device , it does not mean it gets root privilege automatically . with modern rooting standards , you will have to permit it . when an app requests root access , a pop-up from superuser or supersu app appears asking to allow it or not . if you do not know much about the app , simply block access . if you do not pay attention to this , you deserve to experience bad things . update : as a last line of defense , i would like to add that nobody knows from where nasty malware apps can exploit a loophole . you find un-rooted devices secure , but there're apps which are able to even root a device from inside ( there was a positive-purpose app named Root Exploit in google market which was later kicked out by google ) . so , if you want to be secure , do not install unknown apps . and , if possible , use play store only . these suggestions are irrespective of your device is rooted or not .
deriving from the link given in comments : answer by richard you are not able to play the high resolution videos in your mobile . your device should be able to handle videos up to 640*360 , this is the resolution of hq youtube . note that there is absolutely no point in watching hd videos on your phone . it has a screen resolution of 240 x 320 . anything above this will be scaled down to fit the screen . comment by ce4 in general , hd videos need to be decoded by a specialized companion chip ( h264 decoder ) because the cpu is not powerful enough . for price reasons , only a subset of h264 's features may be supported leaving you without hd support
it seems that , as noted in the comments , changing my keyboard app has solved this . i was having trouble with my default kb app going to 100% cpu when entering text lately , so that prompted me to try a new one , finally . i have tried multiple times while typing this answer to get the behavior to occur again , and it will not . yippee !
looks like this is a pretty common problem . one of the comments in the second link says that you need to change /sdcard to /mnt/sdcard . apparently android 2.2 changed the way the sdcard is mounted and the error you are receiving comes from /sdcard being a symbolic link in 2.2 rather than an absolute path . http://code.google.com/p/swiftp/issues/detail?id=86 http://code.google.com/p/swiftp/updates/list
the prompt that appears is from the superuser app , which regulates root access for other apps on your device . it is a third party app , and is not part of the android system itself . to modify the apps that are approved for root access , simply open superuser from your app drawer . there is a tab which lists the currently approved apps , and tapping on an app will allow you to change its approval status or " forget " the status altogether ( which will bring up the prompt the next time you run it ) . there is also a setting that changes the behavior when you tap on an app in the list . you can set it to give you a prompt where you can select the approval status you want for the app ( as above ) , you can set it to " forget " an app when you tap on it ( with no prompt ) or you can set it to toggle between approval states when you tap ( again with no prompt ) .
when you first install an application that can handle the same intent as another application install ( for the sake of this example , let 's say a home launcher , but this works for any similar apps ) , then the first time you had press the home button ( which calls an intent to go to the home screen , which you now have 2 apps that could handle it ) , you will get a selection screen of applications that can fulfill that intent and you will have the option to set one of them as default . if set an application as default and you no longer wish to use that application as default you can either uninstall the application or you can go to settings --> applications --> manage apps --> go to the app in particular --> and click on " clear defaults " . this will reset the default application for that intent , so the next time you had press the home button you would again get a selection of home launchers to choose from .
by default email will be stored in the phone 's internal memory , not on the sd card . ( though you can ' move ' the app to sd storage , so it is possible that the sd card gets used ) . as others have said , once your mail is on the sd card , there is no protection as the sd card is removable ( since the data is unencrypted ) . for mail that is stored in the phone 's built-in memory , an attacker would have to unlock the phone to get the data . either directly through the mail app once unlocked , or to put the phone into " usb disk mode " to read the phone 's state from a usb-attached computer . ( a really sophisticated attacker could probably disassemble your phone and wire the flash to a custom reader , by passing the phone lock and read your unencrypted emails off of the flash . ) note that the exchange connection allows the exchange server to send a command to wipe your device . ( i believe this is contingent on some setup by the exchange admin . ) in the web ui for my exchange email server , there is an option to list authorized devices and to wipe them remotely . of course , the phone needs to be on a network to receive this command , so an attacker could delay this command by preventing the phone from using its networks .
summing up from the comments , and adding a little . directory structure there is no complete documentation for the entire cards structure , that seems not to be fixed . however , some directories seem to be more or less common : the developers guide suggests app specific data should be stored below /sdcard/Android/data/&lt;package_name&gt;/files/ ( &lt;package_name&gt; represending the name of the package the data belongs to , which looks like com.example.android.app ) , and /Android/data/&lt;package_name&gt;/cache/ for external cache files ( basically , this corresponds to the /data/data/&lt;package_name&gt;/ directory on internal storage ) same source recommends a bunch of directories to store files intended to be shared among apps . all of those directories are located in the root of the card , and include : Music/ - media scanner classifies all media found here as user music . Podcasts/ - media scanner classifies all media found here as a podcast . Ringtones/ - media scanner classifies all media found here as a ringtone . Alarms/ - media scanner classifies all media found here as an alarm sound . Notifications/ - media scanner classifies all media found here as a notification sound . Pictures/ - all photos ( excluding those taken with the camera ) . Movies/ - all movies ( excluding those taken with the camcorder ) . Download/ - miscellaneous downloads . excluding directories from media scan if you wish to exclude a directory from the media scan ( i.e. . from being indexed for the gallery ) , you can place a file named .nomedia there . this will tell the media scanner to skip this directory ( including all files and subdirectories ) from a scan -- thus neither images , nor audio or video files stored here will turn up in the gallery . you however can still access them by looking them up manually . up to my knowledge , there is no way to restrict this to a certain media type ( i.e. . having the media scanner index audio/video , but skip images ) . important : note the " dot " at the beginning of the file name ( making it a " hidden file" ) . this must be included with its name .
unfortunately not , except perhaps a different chat application that can interface with google talk . talk uses the timestamp of the sender to order the messages , using the assumption that cellphones on a cell network will have a consistently accurate clock . it is likely that a different chat application ( such as imo or trillian ) which interfaces with google chat will display these messages differently ; i do not use multi-protocol chat applications , or change my clock , so i cannot confirm that this will solve your problem ; i remain rather confident it will however .
i would use the motochopper exploit from the first thread . the exploit is from dan rosenberg ( djrbliss on xda ) , a known security researcher who has published some android root exploits so far . if the exploit does not work , there is no harm it can inflict . if it does work , harm can only be done while persisting the root access but i have not seen any problems with that ( either it does not work at all or it just works ) . the second alternative seems to be a streamlined free/paid service that is probably probing your device and it will eventually use the same motochopper exploit from the first thread . background info : announcement on xda exploit : http://vulnfactory.org/public/motochopper.zip
ssh internet through connect bot answer to this question describes how to do it .
by doing a factory reset and formatting the sd cards , i would say that it is safe enough to sell . if you want to be perfectly sure , flashing the original rom with option of wiping the cache will make the phone as good as you got it when you purchased . of course , still you have to format the sd card in that case as well . to know how to flash the original rom for you lg optimus gt540 , you can visit this page , which has a step by step instructions about this process . you should be able to find similar such page for your other samsung device just with google search . update : i found this web page , which explains about to how to downgrade i5800 to 2.1 . by that process you can get the original rom ( watch out for the region ) and safely sell .
if you get the directions for a route , you can pull the bottom white bar up to see the detailed , written instructions . you can also drag the bottom white bar to the left to see more of the available routes .
is not possible install apps of google play without gapps , but you can install a " minimal google play " http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1918484
grab this . apk file from the xda forums and sideload it like you would any other app . the instructions state that it will work on unrooted devices , and cnet actually ran an article detailing this a little while back . the original xda thread is here , the link you need is the one under the qr code ( the " apk method" ) . this particular method will evidently only work if you live in the us and have android v4.0.2 or later installed , but that should cover any typical vzw galaxy nexus at this point . as far as i am aware , you will not be able to get updates from the play store if you sideload like this , but that is the only caveat i have personally encountered thus far on my vzw galaxy nexus . i used the free $10 prepaid balance at mcdonald 's without any issue . a few additional musings after doing some experimentation : after sideloading the . apk above i was not able to update wallet from the play store app on my phone . however , if i logged into the web store and visited the page for wallet , it listed my galaxy nexus as compatible . hitting install on the web page allowed me to push the updated version to my phone successfully , despite the fact that i could not do it from my phone . if you are itching to try out the newly added ability to add your credit card to wallet , you could try the above to get yourself updated to the newest version . alternatively , if you consider me a " trusted source " ( i am trustworthy , i swear ) you can get a copy from my dropbox account . i simply pulled the updated . apk file from my device after i updated through the play store , so i can safely say this version has not been tampered with by any third parties .
self-answering update from op : i have now owned a verizon galaxy note 3 for about 6 months and there are no significant differences between this and another carrier 's model . it even has an official upgrade path to kitkat at this point ( although not yet ota at the time i posted this answer ) . http://xkcd.com/979/
the script you mention also offers an option to make additional apps ' bulletproof ' . since i do not know which version of supercharger you are running , i can not tell you the correct number of the mentioned option , but it is labeled BulletProof Apps {Hit or Miss} . it scans the current process list and gives you the option to name the app you want to make immune ( or rather " resistent" ) to being killed by the low memory killer . you do not have to be very precise with the naming , any 3 following letters matching your process should suffice . it will then prompt you to acknowledge the choice . that is it , you are done !
pressing the middle ( or home ) button does " minimize " the app . this is a design idea of android . if the app does not get resumed at the same point , then that is the failure of the app 's developer and source code not using the relevant api calls or a general flaw in the app 's code .
for the following procedure you will need adb installed on your computer ( if you are not already have that , see : is there a minimal installation of adb ? ) . alternatively , a terminal emulator app should do as well . android apps are managed by the " package manager " , which as a command-line interface called pm . so here 's what you can do with it for your case : of course you have to replace com.package.name with the package name of the app you want to deal with . easiest way to find that is visiting its page on google play , and take a look at the url : the package name follows the id= parameter there . it is the -k parameter telling the package manager to keep the app 's data . now , when you re-install the app , its data is already there ( was not removed ) . all this does not require root ( at least as long as we talk about a user-installed app ) .
no app can " optimize " or " maintain " the battery in any way as it can not get the necessary access to the hardware -- probably not even if it required root . this app explicitly advertises that it does not . anyway , the manufacturer 's engineers surely have already implemented all the necessary optimizations . there is no way that the app 's developers knows anything useful about every phone 's charging circuitry and battery that the engineers do not . in short , there is no way this app does anything useful at all . ( it might even be malware , but i do not get that impression in this case ) . ( note : the following is probably not true ) the only thing an app can do ( on a rooted phone ) is to recalibrate the battery . if the battery is miscalibrated the os might think that it is as good as empty and force a shutdown although there is still a useful amount of charge left . one app that does this is the aptly named battery calibration .
have you installed and used the dolphin desktop toggle add-on ? is it not what you were looking for ? although , not an automatic method , it does make switching user agents much less painful . else , you might also try accessing the mobile version of sites that render better by using their url e.g. http://m.twitter.com or http://m.gmail.com or mobile . website . com etc .
flow 's absolutely right , but if you want to try another messenger that supports gtalk you could try meebo , ebuddy , or trillian . there are others , of course , but those are the ones i have tried that work well .
there is nothing ( at present ) that can do all that siri does . depending on your needs you might be able to get close . lifehacker had an article about your current alternatives : how to get a siri-like personal assistant on your android phone for free to summarize : you will need one of the following ( or a combination ) : google voice actions for android vlingo edwin speaktoit assistant update : terryk2 points out iris , currently in alpha testing , which is by the developers ' own admission a direct response to siri .
your best source probably is nexus s : all things root guide -- which is a compilation/collection of several guides . here you can probably pick your minimalist solution as well as go for the " big thing " . in case you need some addional sources ( easily to find with a simple google search , by the way , as that is what i just did ) : root and recovery for the nexus s : quite decent , looks really easy : only a few steps involved . guide to root nexus s : a detailed guide nexus s : full update guide : full guide from root up to cyanogenmod customrom " nexus s " rooting guide : google search which turned all the above up on its first result page ; ) and probably has many more on the following pages . . . do not get me wrong : i am not saying you did not search ( your question clearly indicates you did ) . i put this just for reference by other interested readers here , who might need more details .
you should be able to point the browser at the file you want with a url of the format file:///path/to/file.html . for example , i just did this on my evo with a file i saved to the root of my sd card as post.html by launching the browser and entering the url file:///sdcard/post.html . alternatively , my file manager lets me open an html file with " html viewer " . this is not as feature-rich , though , and did not seem to render images for me ( whereas the browser way loaded everything properly ) . my file manager does not give me the option to open the file with the browser , or either of the other browsers i have ( firefox and opera mobile ) .
the app locker gives you more access , and is working against the system rather than with it . almost by definition , it is much less secure . an app locker might keep out the casual user , but not anyone who knows what they are doing . unless it blocks new apps by default , sideloading would be a problem . depending on the device that may be enough to root it ( if you are not already ) and then they can more or less bypass/remove anything on the device . adb access is a risk in both cases but the ability to interact with the device may provide some other options . i agree with admartian that encryption is the way to go . using a lock screen plus an app locker is better than using only one of them , as well .
there is an app for that . photosync ( sync to picasa ) automatically syncs local folder to picasaweb , so you can select your camera folder . it is free and not so huge as g+ app . you can set your local folder and picasa folder and sync them on eg . hourly basis .
simple2ext ( as described here : http://forum.cyanogenmod.com/topic/20328-solution-to-unable-to-download-big-apps-from-the-market/ ) did the job for me . i am also running cm 7.0.3 and had problems with downloading big apps from market . sometimes it helped clearing the dalvik cache but not always .
try this call confirm app . this application is going to ask you whether to call or hangup the contact what you touched on call history .
no , it does not . the only usb ports are on the keyboad dock . the tablet itself has : a microsd card slot a mini hdmi port a 40-pin docking/charging/usb transfer connector an audio jack source : cnet 's review of the asus eee pad transformer
from a packet capture , the codecs are : gsm-efr 8khz amr 8khz gsm 8khz g . 711/pcmu 8khz g . 711/pcma 8khz here 's the tidbit from the rtp packet capture : i could not find a way to configure the codecs either .
in the absence of a definitive answer i did a lot of experimentation . firstly , if you have http intensive apps this version android ( 2.2 ) , will not change connectivity until the operation is complete . switch to airplane mode . you can still connect to your router but app traffic is suspended . you shield get a connection at this point . deactivated airplane mode and you should be running on your router . if anyone can nominate tools that can help track http app activity on android , please post .
unfortunately , most ( maybe all ) of the android phones do not have this option . check this issue : http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=7048
according to a few reports floating around the web , including this one from bgr this is a known software bug which google is working to correct . i get them on my gn occasionally as well and in my experience it is 100% random , so i do not think there is anything we can do to avoid them .
it is actually quite simple just hard to figure out . install a file manager app ( astro , inka file manager ) using a file manager app navigate to sdcard > media folder create a new folder place all your photos into that newly created folder . it may take some time but eventually the new photo album will appear inside htc 's gallery app .
this might have something to do with a feature of mms called content adaptation . your operator 's mmsc ( multimedia messaging service center ) determines if the data sent is in a format supported by your handset , and if not , transcodes it into another format . this can cause some problems between different devices and operators . for example , my android receives single images from other android phones as 10 second videos where 1st half is the image and 2nd half is the message . at least here in finland , the behaviour i described is pretty standard and has happened since the days mms was made available and people are used to it ( as far as i know ) . do not know about at and t , but i would suspect there will not be any changes in the near future .
thanks for your answers . i found a solution for my problem . there is a project named " google musik desktop player " that is almost what i wanted i just let the player run on my pc and friends in my room have only access to my music library so they can choose a song or create a playlist .
if you have the issue with files , that you were previously able to play , try to reboot your phone . if playback works afterwards , you seem to have the same issue as described in this problem : samsung galaxy s : unsupported file type ( mp3 ) i do not know of a fix for this yet , the only workaround seems to be a reboot .
in recovery mode , use this : adb shell mount /sdcard adb push {filename} /sdcard/{filename}  update #1: an alternative suggested by ce4: pull out the sd card , copy all needed files externally , and put it back in update #2: it seems the user did not install cwm correctly . after fixing this , adb push now works as expected .
if you mean a usb ethernet adapter , then if you have one that has [ fully open source ] drivers in the mainline linux kernel , it may be as simple as recompiling the kernel for your xoom , installing it , and getting one of the usb otg adapter cables people have been using to read usb memory sticks on xooms . fortunately the xoom seems more open to modified kernels than their phones . once it is available in the kernel , you may also need to figure out how to tell android to use that network interface - notice there is no ifconfig binary ( though people have made their own ) . you might check with the android beagle board and android x86 projects to see how they initialize ethernet adapaters .
i think i already posted this in another answer -- but i do not remember where . as i think it where different details that time ( more a general " what consumes most" ) , here some details from a reference motorola droid . data taken from a german article named energiesparplan ( heise is a very famous technology publisher in germany ; google translate version here ) : guess this definitly answers the question . though the values may vary between devices , relations should roughly match .
i did this for myself by navigating to settings > storage , tap on the misc category , select the ~4 gb linux image and use the trash icon to delete it , but this will probably vary depending on what device you use .
you would need a custom rom that supports moving apps to the ext3 partition . i would recommend searching the development section of xda-developers forums for your handset for such a rom . if a rom does not support apps2ext natively , you can try your luck with a script ( example for htc dream/magic here ) that can be installed on top of another rom . [ edit ] : just adding stuff from my comments to the answer . if you are on android version 2.2 and above , you can use the built-in " apps-to-sd " functionality to move apps to sd card . go to Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications then tap on any app and under the " storage " section tap the " move to sd " button . after a few seconds you will see the button 's name change to " move to phone " and size of the app decrease significantly . this method is not without drawbacks . first off , an app needs to be explicitly coded to support this functionality . second , widgets and apps that run as a service ( e-mail , virtual keyboards , weather notifications , etc . ) do not work when moved to sd , and must reside on the phone 's internal memory . furthermore , not the entire app moves to the sd card . a part of it stays on the phone , along with its cache and data/settings . if you have a phone with a small amount of internal app storage , using the built-in apps-to-sd will just prolong the inevitable " out of memory " errors . the apps2ext scripts resolve most of these shortcomings . it " fools " the phone into thinking that the ext2/3/4 partition is part of the phone 's internal memory . this means that widgets and services will work just fine with this method . also , since you can make your partition as large as you wish ( recommended not to exceed 2gb ) , the space issues disappear . the scripts also provide options for moving caches and data to the ext partition in order to free up even more internal memory . the drawback of the apps2ext method is that it is well , a hack . first off , your phone needs to be rooted . second , you will no longer be able to un-mount and remove the sd card from the phone , since all of the apps ( including system ones ) reside on the ext partition . third , you are putting a lot more strain on the sd card from increased writing , which may shorten its lifespan . finally , as with any hack it may make your phone less stable .
you might need to clear the cache of the download manager . go into : Settings -&gt; Apps -&gt; All (tab) -&gt; Download Manager  here tap Clear cache and for good measure Clear data
if your phone has a menu hard key , like most samsung phones , the three-dots icon for an overflow menu will not appear . press the menu key instead , and settings is the bottom item on the menu .
no , adb root does not survive reboots ( thankfully , that would be a nice security hole . . . ) in your case , i would guess that the permissions on that file got changed , allowing you to push it the second time .
the answer to 1 ) is : the installer does not use the same releases as you see on the download page , it has separately signed releases so they are not directly comparable . sorry i do not know how you can predict when you might next get an update when you have used the installer . the answer to 2 ) is : latest release for installer devices are here : http://wiki.cyanogenmod.org/w/cyanogenmod_installer#supported_devices for the galaxy nexus that is : 11.0-installerxnpq09p further info : on that same wiki page it says : how do i get updates ? updates are done via settings > about phone > system updates . when a new snapshot build is > available , your will also receive a notification . devices flashed via the installer will only get updates when a new stable snapshot build is available . i suspect that might be out of date however . the following seems to be the most recent up to date information : http://www.cyanogenmod.org/blog/cm-11-m4-post-release-items installer builds are those served via the cm installer applications ( windows , mac ) . these > builds are specially signed and named separately – there is no concept of an ‘m’ build for > this release channel – so saying ‘installer skipped m#’ is an incorrect interpretation . > this channel only ever receives specially created stable builds – they even come with their > own naming structure ( eg xnpq02r ) . there is an additional blog post that rehashes some of the information on the m4 blog post above with a bit of extra clarification here : http://www.cyanogenmod.org/blog/cyanogenmod-11-0-m6-release hth . stephen
an upgrade became available yesterday . once i upgraded to 4.1.1 , the cut and paste functionality started working again ! : )
most shell commands in android are not gnu versions or another posix-compliant implementation , they are either from toolbox or busybox and mostly stripped down versions . a lot of commands in /system/bin are symlinks to /system/toolbox . i have not found much documentation about it , just the source at https://android.googlesource.com/platform/system/core/+/jb-mr1-release/toolbox/ busybox is another implementation of several common shell commands , with more commands and features than the default toolbox . it is used on other embedded systems too , and some bootable gnu/linux cds , so you may already be familiar with it . because it is open-source , there are several installers available on google play : just search for " busybox " .
ok , i uninstalled and deleted the drivers for the tablet and then reinstalled manually and it worked .
did you wait some time after the power cord was pluged in ? it is normal that this takes some time to show the charging screen if the battery is not charged at all . for a full factory reset ( that is the most reset that can be done by the galaxy s ) , you want to boot into recovery mode by powering off the device , and then booting it by holding down the volume up + home + power keys . a menu should appear that offers the " factory reset " option .
the easiest method is probably to install a uk rom . if you do not want to root or use a custom rom , you can probably find a stock one . i recommend searching xda .
i had the same problem ( rom : 34.177.3 . mb525 . retail . en . de ) . the only rooting method that worked was gingerbreak ( http://project89.com/root-defy-without-pc-gingerbreak-200/ )
if you are familiar with the concepts of read and write permissions on various pc platforms , that is pretty much the same as what is going on here . you are giving the application write access to your " external storage " which could be an sd card , or some storage space that comes with your device . that permission indicates that the application is able to create , modify , or delete any files that reside on the sd card ( or the non-removable storage space that the the os treats most like an sd card ) . so it could download a file from online and manually save it to your sd card . it could generate its own image , text , audio etc . . file and save it to your sd card . it could delete any file on your sd card . it could find a file that already exists on your sd ( even one with nothing to do with the app ) and make changes to it .
no . their contact list ( that is synced with the google account ) is based on the gmail contact list . it is a local copy ; so any changes must be made from their side . however , if they synced/merged that gmail contact to your google plus account , and you updated your contact information in google plus , it is still possible for them to know your new number .
yes . on the home screen , hit the option button , then go to preferences > appearance settings > hide icon labels and check the box .
have you tried doing a factory reset ( you will lose all data ) ? steps to do a factory reset are found here .
try 1 clear play store app 's data and cache ( fix for most of the app related issues ) . try 2 1 . remove the google account 2 . reboot 3 . re-enter your google account . takes a couple of minutes .
so what ' access denied ' in this case is you do not have the correct permissions to execute the file . this can be solved 2 different ways : use the sudo command ( super user can run any file ) sudo myprogram -options param1 param2 param . . . use chmod o+x filename to let anyone execute the file so basically you need a rooted device to be able to run that file , unless you change the permissions of the file before you transfer it to the device . you can use the chmod command to add the execute permission to the file before you hand it off to the device . this way anyone can execute the file . be warned , adding the execute permission for everyone is a security hole if the program can be used to change the file system in any way . rooting your tablet in this case might actually be safer .
i was able to solve the question : the problem was i couldnot find the driver for the device . did it the manual way by selecting the android adb interface driver . and then used adb push &lt;local&gt; &lt;remote&gt;  to push the file on to sdcard . more references on the same can be found here .
it is not possible to limit the download bandwidth via code running on the device . it is up to the sender how fast to send data . all that such an app could do is to throw away packets once they arrive at the device , which is after they have been counted by your carrier . those packets would then have to be resent , being counted again . the effect would be that websites and c . would take longer to load and use more data to do so .
no , not easily . one of the side-effects of using google services , is that all the google services link together in the back-ground . this can be incredibly useful in some cases ( if i google for a bar 's address on my desktop pc , my phone will later offer me directions and estimated travel time to that bar on a google now card ) . some can be spooky . having said that there are ways around this , the easiest is that just because you have an android phone , does not mean you are limited to using google 's services , one of the strengths of android is all the choices you have : you could get your apps from amazon 's app store , instead of the play store you could sync your mail , contacts and calendar with an imap server , instead of gmail , or you could install yahoo 's apps or microsoft 's apps and use those instead . or alternatively you could create a second google account , add it to your phone and use that account for the apps/services that you had rather keep separate from the apps/services that you use " as you " . have a look through the google-account tag for some hints on how to set up another account and swap apps from using one account to another .
that is a pretty well known " feature " . do not worry , your data is backed up there – it only does not restore . and you cannot even really delete it there . so in some way , it is " safe " . . . things you might want to look up in this context : what exactly is synced with google ? underlines what i have said before , and also shows you ways to check what is " synced " google backup : multiple devices using the same account - what happens on restore ? plenty of details on how that " google cloud backup " works ( and sometimes fails ) what info does google backup ? well , the title says it all : ) issue 17354: " automatic restore " rarely works , and then only partially what i already indicated above , and most likely the answer to your current issue . note that this ticket was opened in june , 2011 – and still has the status " new " . one of the comments also includes a possible work-around : here 's what i did that worked . i factory reset the device ( again ) , and then at the very first screen ( where you choose the language ) , i turn it off . i put in a difference sim card , turn it on and then proceed with the normal setup . this worked for my nexus 4 . heise on undeletable wifi passwords ( german ) if you do not believe me about " undeletable backups " , this is my reference . the article is in german , and the publisher ( heise verlag ) is one of the most famous and most trusted sources here in germany , concerning it topics . there are many many more references i could give , but that would be a bit much for here . so a last hint : check the " linked " and " related " question links on the ase q and as i have linked here .
apparently yes . the archos smart home phone is an android phone priced at £130 in the uk : http://www.androidcentral.com/archos-smart-home-phone-now-available-get-android-your-landline although the reviews on amazon uk arent very good : http://www.amazon.co.uk/archos-501809-smart-home-phone/dp/b005h0m8lw binatone ihome phone idect with dect and android technology http://www.amazon.co.uk/binatone-ihome-phone-android-technology/dp/b004ebv1gi currently unavailable ( maybe its that good )
from a gnu/linux-based os , you can use heimdall , an open-source alternative to odin which is proported to match odin feature-for-feature while also being more reliable . otherwise , you can follow any of the many tutorials for installing a new android rom . i will provide a bit more information to help you start your journey : if you want a custom rom like cyanogenmod or any of the dozens which are available in precompiled packages for specific devices , then you will need to use heimdall to flash a custom recovery image ( twrp or clockworkmod recovery ) . the zipped rom images are flashable through these recovery modes . if you want stock , samsung android/touchwiz then you can use heimdall to flash over the entire android image from samsung . ( google around to find the one for your model ) if you want to compile android yourself , you will likely want a custom recovery image ( twrp or clockworkmod recovery ) and you can download the android source code or if you want to modify existing custom roms , you can download their respective source and compile it yourself . you had need to hunt down some in-depth android compiling tutorials in order to do this , as it is not a simple process . note : before flashing anything to your device , make sure that you match the model numbers !
okay , i figured out how to set the good ol ' voice commands app as the default voice commands interface . it has to be done while not connected to a hands free device via bluetooth . tap into the phone app tap the phone app 's microphone icon in my case a prompt appeared asking me to select the default app to handle voice commands . thereafter , it is used the correct voice commands app when connected via bluetooth . for those who wanted to know how to disable google now , here 's how it is done : swipe up from the home icon to activate google now scroll all the way to the bottom tap the overflow menu ( three vertical dot icon ) tap settings tap google now tap the off/on switch in the upper-right to disable google now
you can create an application for any device that runs the android os , this is not restricted to specific device manufacturers . restrictions in the execution are caused mainly because of the version of the android os that runs on the device ( the differtent api 's ) or the difference in hardware capabilities between devices . if you are planning to make an application you should by all means have some programming experience . with the use of some very helpful software development tools you could create personal application like suggested . be sure to check out the documentation provided on androids official website to get a solid introduction on this topic .
i believe the basic answer is no . obviously it can not be done with applock since all the settings are accessed through the same app , but further than that you would have to somehow determine what the settings app was doing and prevent it . this would be very difficult , and impossible without root . i think the settings app must be open-source , however , given that manufacturers can customize it . you could possibly modify it to lock out the application settings unless you enter a password , or something . that is beyond the scope of this site , however . another alternative is widgets that alter the settings directly . i am sure you can get a widget that would allow you to edit the brightness and that sort of thing without going through the settings app . i am not exactly sure how widgets like this work , however ; it is possible they might call into the settings app , which would prevent this . in that last case , it might also be possible to set up something like applocker that allows settings to run if it is triggered by a " privileged " application . you could make the brightness widget privileged , so that the settings app can make the brightness change when requested to , but everything else would still be protected . i assume applocker can not do this , but it might not be hard to develop ( again , out of the scope of this site ) . i know this is kind of vague , but hopefully it provides some sort of help .
izzy’s answer is misleading . two unrelated things were mixed up ( the vendor id list in adb on one side and the permission setup in linux on the other side ) . 1 ) devices considered by adb : adb has a hard-coded list of usb vendor ids it tries . e.g. htc mobile phones use 0xbb4 , which is listed ( source file usb_vendors . c ) , while 0x2207 is not . the only way to add to this list ( without patching the source ) is to put vendor ids in the file $HOME/.android/adb_usb.ini , line by line . ( home is set up right ? ) no special cable is needed . 2 ) permission setup for non-root access : the udev-fiddling is to give user-access to e.g. /dev/bus/usb/002/009 ( bus number/device number change ; see lsusb for current values ) . the details of this are not relevant to the original poster’s question , as he ran adb as root .
as far as i know : not at all . each user account is strictly separated from another and there is no shared folder or app sharing concept at the moment . i have not checked your specific question in detail , however each user has their strictly separated userdata partition where everything is stored ( even their media , on nexus devices ) and cannot access any other 's data residing in their userdata section , which includes user installed apps ( they are in /data/app/ ) .
as far as i know , the 3.2 update on the a500 has not been rooted ( some discussion here ) . there is one xda thread where someone has described a method of downgrading so you can root , but nothing that lets you root 3.2 in and of itself . if you want to have root access then i would suggest rooting the shipped version , then manually upgrading to a pre-rooted version of the latest ota update .
rather than a notifier and managing all of this yourself , had you thought about using a dynamic dns client ? this would allow you to always use the same name to contact your phone over the internet ( or even a local lan ) and the 3rd party would manage the problems with changing ip addresses for you . there are a number of dynamic dns clients on the market , i have not tried any , but it is a pretty common solution for machines that change ip , so i can not see why there would be a problem .
wifi pppoe by cnddu is an app that allows you to make a pppoe connection from your phone over a wireless connection : . . . main purpose is for user to make pppoe connection via wifi , e.g. dialing through adsl modem with user name and password provided by some internet isps . this app makes the android devices be able to connect to internet directly via pppoe dialing through wifi , and no need for another wifi router any more . note that a rooted phone with busybox installed is required to use this app . there are also a number of other similar apps available in the play store now , some free , some not . they all currently seem to require a rooted phone . ( answer rescued from deletions )
yes , you can move any apps that do not normally allow it , including system apps , if you have root . note that most apps that does not allow moving usually do not allow it for a good reason , so if you force move you may get crashes and other stability issues . you need an app2sd application that uses root , like this : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.droidsail.dsapp2sd
i have found it ! pinch with two fingers on the home page , to enter the edit pages mode , then move them around .
check that the following setting is ticked : settings-> wireless and networks-> mobile networks-> data enabled also verify that the access point name settings are correct and the correct access point is chosen . you should be able to find the details of what it should be on the vodafone website . the settings are at : settings-> wireless and networks-> mobile networks-> access point names
you can not directly mount the internal storage . you need to be rooted to view it on your phone , or you can use adb pull from the android sdk tools to copy it off the device .
finally got solution after 2 days of headache . problem is my usb data cable . i have got original samsung 's usb data cable with phone but unfortunately it is not working . though charging can done via this cable . i have tries few chinese cables also but problem remains there . but as soon as i use my friend 's original samsung cable it working like a charm . so any of you have this problem first thing to do is check from another usb cable . and importantly go for oem 's original cable .
the third table in this page mentions " vibrate": https://motorola-global-portal.custhelp.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/48504/~/droid-x---phone-status-%26-notifications even though the first table clearly depicts a different icon for the vibration mode , although with the same zigzag pattern . the pattern is also the same as the icon i have for vibration mode on my sgs : cheers !
you can place . m3u files anywhere on sdcard which is under reach of media scanner . playlist will be displayed in music player once media scanner will complete scanning sdcard . path of system-created playlists ( playlists are common to all music players ) : /data/data/com.android.providers.media/databases/external-xxxxxxx.db where xxxxxxxx are random numbers . path can be slightly different based on android versions and devices . if you want to backup your playlists , i would recommend you to use titanium backup .
was the battery life decrease sudden , or has it been getting noticeably worse recently ? if so , might be time to get a new battery for your device . regarding the restart , are there any apps that you have installed recently that might have a bug or something leading to restarts ? when a phone reaches that age , i would personally root it and flash something like cm or slimbean , to get some solid battery life back out of the device ( i have personally flashed chameleonos on my s2 to get the best of both customization and battery ) .
i use jorte to add events to my google calendar linked accout without problems and without any specific setting tuning .
there is not a specific place that it shows , but the wifi connection will take priority over the cellular data . if you wanted , you could perform a speedtest to check your service provider , but that should not be necessary . also , if you are worried about updates and whatnot using your cellular , the downloads will initiate on wifi ( if you have that option ) but they will continue on cellular if you lose the signal .
as suggested by @logos this works ( take care of using sudo ) : sudo mtpfs -o allow_other /media/MTPdevice  however mtpfs is very unstable on this phone so i tried go-mtpfs and i found out it works better . you can install go-mtpfs using the info provided in their site the command to mount the phone is very similar ( change the bin path according to yours ) : sudo /usr/lib/go/bin/go-mtpfs /media/MTPdevice/  automount once you are able to mount the device with the above command you can make the phone automount : you only have to add a couple of rules to udev . you will need those info : id_model ( mine is tcl_s950 ) id_model_id ( mine is 0167 ) installation path of go-mtpfs ( mine is /usr/lib/go/bin/go-mtpfs ) you can find those info running this command in a terminaludevadm monitor --environment --udev and plug/unplug your phone . now you can create/edit an udev rules /etc/udev/rules.d/99-android.rules and add these lines ( change id_model and id_model_id with yours ) : at this point everything should work , check this thread for more details : source
if you have a fastboot-enabled bootloader version ( such as the old 0.76.0000 engineering hboot in the evo 's case ) you can use that to flash it from a pc via usb . reboot into your bootloader , then select the " fastboot " option from the boot menu ( if it has one , it may start up fastboot automatically ) . once it is ready , go to your pc 's shell and execute : fastboot flash recovery /path/to/recovery.img  you should also be able to use the flash_image binary if your rom has it ( or you install it from xda ) . copy the recovery . img over to your device somewhere then do the following : C:&gt; adb shell $ su # flash_image recovery /path/to/recovery.img 
yes , background data is always enabled since ice cream sandwich . see the note in the documentation for android.net.ConnectivityManager.getBackgroundDataSetting(): as of ICE_CREAM_SANDWICH , availability of background data depends on several combined factors , and this method will always return true . instead , when background data is unavailable , getActiveNetworkInfo() will now appear disconnected . vending ( the internal name for the android market , in fact com.android.vending ) uses C2DM to receive install requests ( take a look at its application manifest ; even on ics , it still has c2dm receivers ) . afaik , c2dm only works when background data is available . some time ago , i read a blog post somewhere ( which unfortunately i am not finding right now ) explaining how the android market ( the post was from before it was renamed ) worked . iirc , even when you asked to install an application directly on your device ( instead of indirectly via the https://market.android.com/ web site ) , all it did was to send a request to the google servers , which then sent your device ( via c2dm ) an install request . this explains why vending needs background data&mdash ; it cannot do anything without being able to receive requests via c2dm from the google servers . i do not know about google talk , but from what i have heard , it has used c2dm since before c2dm was available to the public . again , this would explain why it needs background data to work . afaik , background sync is completely separate from background data , other than the fact that obviously it cannot sync in the background if background data is disabled , and the fact that you could change it from within the sync screen in the settings application .
looking at this odin 3 , do not forget , there are variant versions of odin in respect to different samsung devices . but this particular one is what is used to flash , from my experience , samsung galaxy 5 and samsung galaxy tablet p1010t . in short , for odin to operate , there can be . bin , or . tar or even . tar . md5 files associated with a rom for flashing . odin knows how to handle them in the appropriate manner . ( have not seen . bin used , its more of the . tar . md5 which is a tar file with md5 check-sums contained in the archive , in which odin will automatically verify each file within it ) re-partition does what it says - re-partitions the layout . auto reboot and f . reset time - when the flash is done , auto reboot and reset the timer of the flashing when done . usually can leave those two checked . pit - this is a file that describes the layout of the partitions involved , this will be very specific to the device in question , use the wrong pit file for the device , and its . . . well . . . face the consequence ! pda - an all in one archive that contains the . img ' s md5 sum , boot , recovery , system , userdata , cache and movinand . those . img 's are different to the normal ones that is out there , they use samsung 's rfs ( not sure what r means , but its * f *ile * s *ystem and is proprietary to samsung ) - this is optional , the clue would be in the name of the file - if it contains pda in it , use it , if not , uncheck this and follow on , if using this to flash the device . . . phone - when flashing a rom for samsung device , depending on the model , there will be usually , a file similar to this xxxx-revnn-all-low-yyyyy . tar . md5 again , this will be an all in one archive as explained for the pda , the distinction and big clue , is the former is for tablets , the other is for smartphones ( that is what have played with - just doubly check and make sure this is correct , have a wifi-only tablet here , and it uses the phone when flashing - o_o ) . csc - this is some country code used for the region to flash the rom against , xe is europe , au is australia , and so on , this part can throw you off , its more then for tracking what region this is based of , in terms of localization and language support . and more importantly , for kies to recognize the region and to determine if there is firmware update available . it is quite possible to have a csc that can be limited to one country . another aspect of the phone and csc is , some would expect the name of the file for the phone to be near same as csc , for example , p1010xwkc1 is the froyo firmware , but does not have a pda in the filename . . . just to highlight that firmware for samsung devices can be inconsistent at times . so with that in mind , here 's the general guidelines for flashing a rom , re-partition - check that auto reboot and f . reset time are both checked . pit - mandatory , ensure you have the right file for your device . if its smartphone , ensure phone is selected and the appropriate file is picked from the file browser . if it is non-smartphone , ensure pda is selected and the appropriate file is picked from the file browser . csc - ensure you have the right region for this . before doing any flashing business on samsung , ensure it is in download mode , and away you go , odin will extract the archives and performs check-sum first to ensure integrity of the files within the archive and start , ambiguously , uploading to device , or from device 's viewpoint downloading ! if there is a kernel update , similar principle to flashing rom , but with one notable exception - un-check the re-partition , specify the kernel file which would go in under pda or phone as well , that depends ! omit the csc as its not really used for the kernel flashing . phew , this odin can be confusing , armed with inconsistent filenames so to emphasize , double-check around first before doing anything with odin . in all fairness though , odin is actually a lot more safer than kies from the flashing business viewpoint , be prudent and happy flashing : )
no . there is no relation between those two things . if you connect your phone via the usb it gets charged . it does not matter if you do not use the usb connection at all or transfer files or tether your data connection or do any other stuff while it is connected . the charging circuit does not even know that it is connected via usb and that there is data flowing . it just happily charges the phone with the power supplied via usb . side note : the battery ( liion ) degrades over time , if you use it or not . there are however differences in the speed of degradation , depending on usage , storage temperature and charging state ( best is around 60-70% charged as far as i know ) . this is however the usual degradation which you asked not to factor in . and this degradation definitely does not change if you tether or not .
playing while charging does not damage the battery or phone directly . the only problem is that : battery gets warmer when is charging , and phone also gets hot when playing . so , when you play while charging , phone gets too hot and we know that battery life would be affected when it works in very hot conditions . sources to read more : http://batteryuniversity.com/learn/article/how_heat_and_harsh_loading_reduces_battery_life http://batteryuniversity.com/learn/article/how_to_prolong_lithium_based_batteries
in xperia u you will get in to safe mode when you keep taping on menu button while the phone is booting . safe mode prevents any third-party apps from running . so if you have installed an app that might cause some serious problems with your device , boot it in safe mode to uninstall it . you can boot into normal mode by a simple restart .
android default browser uses webkit check out second paragraph : wikipedia webkit description
to the date , there is no functionality to disable this feature . actually this was implemented to make it easier for the user to recognize and remeber the number easily . i did some search and found out that other people have the same problem as well . what i suggest is to move on to a custom dialer app which suit you the best , if this grouping feature really annoys you .
uninstalling all play store ( market ) app updates fixed it for me . go to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage Applications and uninstall the updates from the play store app . this will leave you with an older version of the app , which is probably named " market " . then you should be able to install or update apps . after a while the play store update will be installed once again , but you still will be able to install or update apps .
yes , you will have to manually switch to home profile when you come back home . its what you can find in classic mobile phones . if you want to automate it , there're plenty of apps for that : tasker + profile4tasker ( paid ) , automateit ( free ) , llama ( free ) , locale + profile4tasker ( paid )
mtp is the better option in most cases , since the protocol is actually designed for this use . ptp is offered as an alternative since macs do not understand mtp by default ( you need to install " android file transfer " on the mac to make mtp work ) . this protocol was designed for pcs to access photos from digital cameras , so it can only access the photos on the phone , and it might trigger a photo management app on the pc instead of a file manager . to learn more about why mtp was introduced , see my answer to why is android file transfer necessary ?
yes you can do this . for this , i am assuming you are using the stock google keyboard . open settings and tap on language and input . tap on the settings icon next to google keyboard . tap input languages at the top . deselect " use system language " and then select any keyboard languages you wish to use . now in the keyboard , the space bar will display the current selected language . to change to one of the other active languages , press and hold the space bar and select the language you wish to use .
it sounds like you might be getting the " ding " noise discussed on this google groups post : thanks for the question . the alert chime you here indicates is a prompt for an upcoming driving maneuver . it plays in places where the text-to-speech engine is either unsupported or unavailable , but it also may play if the data connection becomes flaky during guidance and navigation is not able to process a road name in time .
using this as source procedure- turn on the portable wi-fi hotspot on your android smartphone ( or tablet ) go to the settings screen on your android phone . you can get there by pressing the menu button on your device when you are on the home screen , then tapping " settings " . at the settings screen , tap the " wireless and networks " option . you should see an option for " portable wi-fi hotspot " . click the check mark beside it to turn on the hotspot and your phone will start acting like a wireless access point . ( you should see a message in the notification bar when it is activated . ) to adjust and check the settings for the hotspot , tap the aptly named " portable wi-fi hotspot settings " option . you will need to do this if you do not know the default password that will be created for your hotspot so you can make a note of it for connecting your other devices . you can change the default password , security level , router name ( ssid ) , and also manage users connected wirelessly to your phone in the wi-fi hotspot settings .
has your friend invited you to the event ? i have never seen my friends ' events in my calendar , only when they have invited me too . for these events you need to remove the event by going to the event 's facebook page , scrolling all the way down and clicking the " remove from my events " link in the footer . facebook will not sync the rsvp info for some reason , so " hide declined events " in the calendar options will not hide events that you are not attending ( which is very annoying by the way ) .
in adb shell or terminal emulator ( and most likely over ssh ) you can use the pm utility to install apps . the command is : pm install /sdcard/app1 . apk the following are the switches of pm: for example , you can force the app to install directly to the external storage ( froyo/gingerbread style . ) p.s. the wget utility should be available via busybox on cm7 . if not , you can always install it via android market .
the first thing i would suspect is that a database used by the email app is corrupted . to fix this , you need to go to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications , find the email app , and clear the data for it . ( if you see anything like " email storage " be sure to clear the data for that as well ) . then re-add your account and see if that helps . if that does not work , i recommend asking your company 's it department if they have changed any settings for the exchange server recently .
the asus eee pad transformer uses a usb 3.0 cable . i have seen noises elsewhere on the ' net that it will only charge on a usb 3.0 socket . this is likely associated with the extra power only available on usb 3.0 .
and how do you think you can determinate upstair/downstair location ? transformer has gps receiver , but its precision in indoor use is way too low to have a reliable altitude reading .
disabling a notification for particular app wont ' save battery . yes it would a little by not ringing and vibrating and also by not making you look at the phone . actually notification is handled by os itself . an app just says that i want this notification to be displayed and os handles it . in your case those apps are running in background using service and periodically asks the os to display the notification . event though you have disabled the notification the service is still running and still requesting the os to display notification .
the milestone is an unofficial port , and usb tethering is not yet supported . there is a feature request on their issue tracker for this . the most recent comment on the above mentioned ticket indicates that it is been fixed as of 7.1.0-rc15 and should now be included .
there is an option to minimize the unlock section by default in the lock screen section of the settings app . maximize widgets show widgets maximized and the unlock minimized when the screen is turned on .
it looks like someone has finally managed to get cyanogenmod 7 ( android 2.3.7 gingerbread ) ported to charm and flipout phones ( they are very similar in hardware . ) this thread over at xda has all the details : first of all your device should be rooted with superoneclick or any other method ( if you do not know how to do it search on google ) download flipout system recovery from the market . download cm7 rom here . https://docs.google.com/uc?id=0b_9pv...xport=download download google apps here https://docs.google.com/uc?id=0b_9pv...xport=download put both the cm7 rom and the google apps on the root of the sdcard . open flipout recovery and select install recovery system . grant it superuser permission . after that select recovery boot wipe data , cache and open advanced and wipe dalvik cache select " install zip from sdcard " - " choose zip from sdcard " - select the cm7 rom and go to - yes - and wait until finish installation , then use the same procedure to install the google apps . repeat step 7 again . reboot and enjoy cm7 . i am happy to report that this tutorial works , and completely replaces the motoblur firmware of motorola charm with cyanogenmod 7 . it is not perfect ( rotation is " sticky " , there is no way to disable the back-track , etc . ) but it functions well enough to be considered " working " .
it is totally possible , and there are a lot of remote touchmouse apps available on the android market . just search remote mouse , touch mouse , etc . that being said , i think that will be even nicer is to have an app that uses the orientation of the device as the cursor position , i.e. it works like a real laser pointer . ( that i have not seen yet and i am coding one . )
cyanogenmod 11 has a built-in mechanism for checking for updates . go to Settings -&gt; About Phone -&gt; CyanogenMod updates there you can toggle when your device will query for an update and on what release channel ( release and development being stable and nightly respectively ) . when an update will appear click on it is icon to download and install , from there , it will do everything for you .
ok , so this problem reoccurred a couple more times until i realised it seemed to happen after my phone restarts and sorts itself out after killing a few running services i did not need . i narrowed it down to an app called announcify . the lesson for me , and others , is to try selectively killing services to troubleshoot any such problems in future .
sidestepping the debate over the legitimacy of installing that app on your phone , the question of verification is one that i have been meaning to understand for a while , and you have prompted me to try to figure out a possible way of verifying who signed an apk . android apps are signed in the normal manner of . jar files ( . apk is really just a special . jar which is just a special . zip ) however it may not be trivial to trace the authenticity of the certificates unless you have something known good to compare to . that is basically what the phone itself does - verifies that something that claims to be from the same party as something already on the phone actually is - the phone does not refuse to install things with unknown signers , it can only ( object to/clear application data of ) apparent forgeries when something new does not match something old that it claims to . you will need to have jarsigner and keytool . i believe these come from the jdk which is a prerequisite to the android sdk rather than the sdk itself . first you want try to verify the public key contained within the . apk . usually this is in meta-inf/certs . rsa but it can be in another file - unzip -l will tell you . you want to see what you can find out about it : unzip -p suspect.apk META-INF/CERT.RSA | keytool -printcert  that is going to dump out a lot of information about who the signer claims to be . some certificates are apparently themselves signed by known parties , but without figuring out how to trace that , i suspect you could do something like this : unzip -p suspect.apk META-INF/CERT.RSA | keytool -printcert | grep MD5 unzip -p knowngood.apk META-INF/CERT.RSA | keytool -printcert | grep MD5  if you have a known trusted apk from the same author who used the same certificate . i am assuming that the certificates having the same md5 sum is enough . assuming you have decided to trust the certificate , then you can see if it has been used to sign each of the files within the . apk jarsigner -verbose -verify suspect.apk  ( if there is more than one . rsa file in the archive , you should add the -certs flag to tell you which certificate ( s ) have been used to sign each file , so you can be sure its the certificate you verified )
unlike a desktop gnu/linux system , android is not designed for command-line use , so it does not come with the full set of command-line programs that a gnu system would have . it only has the most basic commands ( like the ones you have already seen working ) , and android-specific utilities such as am , pm , bmgr . you can get access to the basic posix commands ( such as less and grep ) by installing busybox . there are several installers for it on google play . for any more specialist programs like make , you will need to find an android port of the particular program and install it .
the new facebook messenger released last week integrates sms and facebook messages in the same app .
i am not sure what did it but it must be os dependent as once i installed cyanogenmod9 alpha6 i had those options available under performance settings and they also became available in the tasker menus as well .
you can activate the airplane mode to shutdown everything ( calls , wifi , etc ) , and then re-activate the gps . only the gps antenna will be activated . . . i think :d
might help to look into @izzy 's solution involving tasker . a tweak is needed : instead of detecting a gsm/cdma signal , check if a wifi network is present nearby switch to/enable airplane mode and enable wifi and connect appropriately ( this part am uncertain about - if its an open public wifi point , good ( its bad but another story about open wifi 's ) what if it is a private wifi network and need to input the key ? tasker might be able to help you with that , unsure ! if moving away from network point , switch off/disable wifi and disable the airplane mode . having a look here at this wiki titled " turn on wifi at home " entry might also help you as well , to quote , in case of link rot : my route to and from work is populated by open networks from cable providers that require log-in via webpages and unsecured home networks . whenever i pass them my phone tries to connect , disconnecting me from 3g . leaving wifi on all the time means i am left with constant service interruptions . forgetting to turn on wifi at at home runs the risk of eating up my data plan . for this reason i turn off wifi when i am out and turn it on when i get home . but what if i forget ? with this tasker profile , my phone now uses cell location data to turn wifi on/off . steps : turn gps on ( just for now ) . you do not need to keep it running all the time , but it helps to pinpoint where your location for the context step . first , go home ( the place your wifi router lives ) . profile : wifi at home context : location > net=on , gps=off , radius 500m , get fix task : at home action : net > wifi > on task ( optional ) : alert > popup > text " wifi on " task : leaving home action : net > wifi > off task ( optional ) : alert > popup > text " wifi off " get fix locates where you currently are on a map so you need to actually be at home for this step . you have several setting options depending on how much power consumption vs . accuracy . see [ html http://tasker.dinglisch.net/userguide/en/loctears.html " location without tears" ] . the least accurate ( net=off , gps=off ) needs a really large radius . the most accurate ( net=on , gps=on ) will drain your battery faster . i find net=on , gps=off , radius 500m to work fine . my phone knows when i am home .
short answer : it depends . long answer : android developers have the ability to specify requirements for their apps both in terms of software ( minimum os version , for example ) and hardware . for example , an app that does turn-by-turn navigation may require the android device it is being installed on to have built-in gps . such an app would be listed as " incompatible " with any tablet that does not have a gps chip ( the tablet reports its hardware features to the play store ) . the same is true for a reverse situation , where an app that requires a minimum screen resolution may work fine on a tablet , but show as incompatible for phones that are below that limit . another example is google tv . since none of the current models have touch-screen support , any apps that require this feature would be listed as not compatible on the play store . these limitations are only being enforced by the google 's play store . this means that if you manage to side-load the app 's apk file , it may work just fine on any device . however , the lack of minimum requirements will mean that the app will be unstable .
i also had the same issue . incase you are on vodafone network , try and select vodafone gprs as ur default settings . it worked for me the same way . hope this suggestion helps
if you go into settings > applications > development there is a setting for stay wake which is described as " screen will never sleep while charging " . give that a try : )
thank you all . i got the solution here
in a case of letmegooglethatforyou , i found the answer . turns out , it is a single byte on the phone that determines whether the phone is gsm locked or not . someone found this , and made a nice tutorial on how to flip this byte . the instructions look scarier than they really are . the detail is not because it is complicated , but because they show every single step . the hard part for me was prepping my windows box to be able to do this ; you need motorola drivers and the .netruntime for the motorola diagnostic/programming application .
just long-tap that network on the list and click " forget network " . android will only autoconnect to networks it has previously connected to and still remembers .
there are many variables that affect the performance of each method you have mentioned . additionally there is also the necessary configuration and requirements that each device must have in order to have solutions like this working . as requested , lets summarize and compare possible performances between usb ; wi-fi and bluetooth : usb : usb performance can be extremely low or very high , depending on the available usb version , which in turn , combined with the sdcard reading/writing speed on each device allows us to accurately measure and ascertain the transfer speed . there is also the physical limitation of the usb cable length that for some scenarios becomes a limitation . usb 1.0 : 1.5 mbit/s ( low-bandwidth ) and 12 mbit/s ( full-bandwidth ) usb 2.0 : 480 mbit/s ( effective throughput up to 35 mb/s ) usb 3.0 : 5 gbit/s ( 625 mb/s ) which is more than 10 times as fast as usb 2 wi-fi wi-fi loses limitations like cable length , but then again we need to account for the 802.11 protocol being used , the signal strength and range to accurately measure results : more about wi-fi protocols from wikipedia . wi-fi direct wi-fi direct , initially called wi-fi p2p , is a wi-fi standard that enables devices to connect easily with each other without requiring a wireless access point . here the communication is performed at typical wi-fi speeds for everything from file transfer to internet connectivity . essentially , wi-fi direct falls under the same values presented at the wi-fi table ( yet again keeping in mind that signal strength and range are the key factors for a good performance ) . more about wi-fi direct from wikipedia . bluetooth while we need to ascertain several influencing factors to determine if wi-fi is faster than usb , bluetooth is with no doubt in last place when we speak about transfer speed . designed as a proprietary open wireless technology standard for exchanging data over short distances , the maximum speeds are below the two concurrent options : more about bluetooth from wikipedia . android beam being a fairly recent technology , android beam allows users to transfer data between devices with near field communication ( nfc ) capabilities . nfc is even slower than bluetooth ( both short-range communication technologies ) and is limited to about 20cm of range getting up to 424 kbit/s . on a positive note , nfc sets up more quickly than standard bluetooth and the connection between two nfc devices is automatically established : technical comparison : only relevant aspects to this answer , for full table see wikipedia . summary based on the specifications for each method and their respective version , my classification ordered by fastest-to-lowest would be : usb assuming version 2.0 , since 1.0 is way slow and outdated wi-fi / wi-fi direct bluetooth android beam
in addition to martyn 's answer on encryption . this might be a bit on the developer side , however , google offers application licensing : with google play licensing , your application can query google play at run time to obtain the licensing status for the current user , then allow or disallow further use as appropriate .
afaik the stock messages app always sends a sms unless you have added an attachment ( picture , video , audio ) , or if you are typing a very long message ( the latter depending on your settings ) . if there is an attachment the message will show the number of used kb instead of the number of remaining characters . that being said , you should check if the message centre number in your sms settings is correct . to check start the messages app , click Menu &gt; Setting , scroll down to the SMS Settings section . also on the same screen there is a setting that may convert long text messages automatically to mms , so you might want to turn that off .
that should be possible . how to realize it , depends on the android version used : for android 4.0 and earlier , the imho best solution is installing lbe privacy guard , which you can configure to issue a popup whenever a given permission was requested ( so you can decide whether to permit or deny access ) . however , do not attempt installing this on android 4.1+ , or you will end up in a boot-loop ; the xda developers have " localized versions " of lbe security master available instead ( a version i find bloated , as it tries to cover to much things ) . apart from these two , i know of no other app informing you of an access at the time it is made ( which does not mean there are not any ) . other tools might however log access so you can either see the log entry afterwards , or at least know whether an app has used that permission at all ( e . g . xprivacy ) . i am not sure how pdroid handles this , as i have never used it .
onenote for android ? https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.microsoft.office.onenotehl=en hope i got you right - as my answer is . . . well . . . just tooooo obvious : )
i could not find a way to do it or an app that would do it . there were a couple out there that claimed to have manual focus but basically just did what you described as " assisted auto focus . " i found this thread at xda where some people have been looking through the code to find a way to add the manual focus . from what they found it appears that it is possible but someone has to code it . its worth keeping an eye on it : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=630989
yes , it works on droid x on verizon ( although the app might have unrelated issues ) : http://androidforums.com/1208709-post1.html
go to settings &#8594 ; storage and tap on the overflow menu in the top right ( on a device with a physical menu key , you may need to press that instead ) . this should bring up a menu item labeled " usb computer connection": tap on that , and it will give you a list with possible connection modes . uncheck everything that you do not intend to use . on my n5/cm11 there are only two options on this page : mtp and ptp . unchecking both causes the phone to simply charge when plugged into a pc . i have seen others that have an explicit " charge only " option , but i believe that is nonstandard .
android apps are not single-threaded . although there is one main thread as described in the documentation you quoted , apps can start as many other threads as they need . the advantage of all gui interactions being on one thread is that the gui code can be simpler , faster , and more predictable , because gui state is not being changed concurrently from different threads . it also makes thread-safety easier for app developers by providing a message queue , similar to those found in other oses ' gui frameworks . the app author just needs to make sure all long operations are performed in background threads , sending messages back to the main thread to update the gui , and that way the gui remains responsive all the time .
issue only happens when ad-hoc is enabled . see here for more info : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=872521
ok , i found out what is wrong . i had usb debugging enabled at the same time so i had to turn that off and now it works . menu > settings > applications > development > usb debugging
so i have had this same problem for the past month . there is a 1cm or so high deadzone that spans the width of my screen just about lower than the midway point from top to bottom . it is mostly always there , but some ( seemingly ) random times it goes away and all works well . my troubleshooting led me to this : if it is hardware , it is only because the software is telling it something it should not be . i am sure nothing is broken ( i.e. . , from being dropped , etc . ) something is wrong , for sure , but not broken per se . i took screen shots of temperature and voltage ( using cpu-z app ) trying to figure it out . i paid attention to when it happened and when it did not . i boiled it down to two possibilities : temperature and/or voltage ( i can explain how i came to this conclusion if you want . . . would take a bit more explanation ) . i charge my phone with the charger plugged into the wall typically . i live in asia so the voltage is a lot higher ( but within the appropriate range of the phone ) . yet , lately when i ! go to sleep , i plug my phone into my laptop to charge , rather than the wall . . . when i wake up the problem is not there . about 2 hours later or so the problem comes back . i tried this for a week ( charging my phone with my laptop ) and the problem is dissipating . as quickly as it escalated ( getting gradually worse ) it is now getting gradually better . try it and see if it works for you . at night when your phone is nearly dead , charge your phone with your usb port attached to your laptop . maybe it will help . i am still troubleshooting specifics to see if it is definitive . update : today , the day of writing this , i have not had the problem at all and it is been nearly 7 hours and the 3rd consecutive night of charging with usb on my laptop . update 2: happy new year ! i have been charging my nexus 4 with my laptop 's usb port since my original reply and the problem had disappeared . let me know if this works for anyone else ! nexus 4 - 4.4.2
i am afraid there is not really a " one-stop solution " . as you already noticed , all the different backup types have different goals , all of them have their pros and cons ( see also our backup tag-wiki for an overview ) : while a nandroid backup covers the entire system at partition-level , it is not the easiest when you want to only restore parts . on its own , it is an all-or-nothing . luckily , there are other tools which can deal with those backup files : you can restore single apps with titanium backup , and even read single files from them ( see : how do i view/mount nandroid file on device ? ) . titanium backup covers almost everything on an app-and-settings level , and can read from nandroid backup files -- but it cannot create a full nandroid backup . also , restore between different roms can be a little tricky ( but that applies to all solutions ) , at least when it comes to system files . still , it does a good job even then when using its " migration mode " adb backup is a good thing , but only available with android 4.0 upwards and also restricted to " apps and settings " . additionally , it requires a computer to attach the device to for backup/restore . the latter can be avoided using apps like helium - app sync and backup , which run directly on the device and use adb as backend . i found the best solution on rooted devices is a combination of nandroid ( offered e.g. by clockworkmod recovery ) and titanium . for non-rooted devices , choices are rare : neither of the two are available there , which leaves the user with adb backup as the only half-way complete solution .
why is the android stock browser still alive ? as of june this year , 15.7% ( 0.8+14.9 ) of users still use android 2.2 and 2.3 . x ( froyo and gingerbread ) , since chrome supports only android 4.0+ , these users can not use chrome for android . also android 4.0 ( ics ) , which has 12.3% of users , does not come with chrome preinstalled . moreover , i think the stock browser still comes preinstalled in all android jellybean phones ( version 4.1 . x , 4.2 . x and 4.3 . x ) , which is used by 58.4% ( 29.0+19.1+10.3 ) of users . that means the stock browser is still preinstalled on 86.4% ( 15.7+12.3+58.4 ) of android phones . the above should be the reason why the stock browser is still being widely used . a lot of users do not bother downloading or changing the default/preinstalled browser . there are no technological advantages of using stock browser over chrome for android . google has already phased out the stock browser in android kitkat ( 4.4 ) . chrome for android is licensed from google , while the stock browser is not . also , oems can modify the stock browser if required but not chrome . so from a business perspective , it is actually better for google , if oems use chrome . but some oems do not like being dependent on google too much . to say more is beyond the scope of this answer . if you want more info go here and here . google has been slowly shifting the core of android from aosp to it is closed source and licensed google apps and the browser is one of the last components in this roadmap .
that option does not give or take the ability to see other people callerid , it only let 's you choose whether the people you are calling see your callerid or not .
after a lot of googling around , i found 2 possible solutions : hardware solution : kensington noise reducing aux audio cable - have not tried it myself . yet some guys at android central report it worked for them . software solution : aux noise filter app - tried it on my galaxy note . works like a charm .
yes you can do it by using this number saver app . app description is as follows : save a number while you are in a phone call , and dial it right after . access during call from notification bar , or from app icon to pull notification bar in the call screen , press home first ( android limitation ) the app has two modes for number or note : save it to the clipboard ( which later you can ' paste ' it wherever you like ) save it in the internal app memory on both you can later access the last saved number or note and create a contact , dial or sms .
touiteur has been updated today and now has filtering . please note that this feature may just be the paid version . i will update this answer with a link and qr code when i have confirmed those details . edit : it would seem that filtering is not a premium feature . the filtering can be found under the mute settings in touiteur -> more -> mute . you can choose to mute text ( inc . hashtags ) , users and apps ( sources ) . touiteur homepage
i have bad news : it almost impossible to get data from your internal storage if your mobile does not turn on . first we need to know more about the problem : what do you mean under not turn on ? does it light up or no signal at all ? what if you plug it into the charger ? can you see any lights flash up ? can you get into recovery ? if none of the above happen , then i need to ask : is your important data stored on your sd card ? most apps store their user data on sd card so you can access them if you pull out your sd card and read from that . if you re-install android , you will lose your internal data so if you have lots of important things on your phone ( not your sd card ) you should not reinstall without backup colornote does not store your data internally but uploads to the cloud . see their faq
i have probably found the solution : run the following command as root setprop persist.sys.usb.config adb  and reboot the phone . now my phone does not show an " usb connection " notification and " android file transfer " ( an mtp implementation for macos ) does not see the phone . in the same time adb works fine .
from the devices page , it does not seem like your phone is officially supported - http://www.cyanogenmod.com/devices . as an alternative , see http://www.madteam.co/forum/development/%28development%29-cyanogenmod-7-1-%27galaxy5%27-port/ if you do manage to flash a custom rom , you can change back provided you use the roms supplied by http://samfirmware.com - not official , just a repository of original factory roms .
according to this help , google now notifications can be limited or turned off . most notifications for google now cards can be turned off or set to low or standard priority . low priority notifications appear at the bottom of the notifications shade without any additional signal . from the lower right corner of the google now screen , touch menu > settings > google now > card name > and adjust the settings under notifications .
as of now ( unless someone can correct me ) there is no app that will monitor sprint 4g wimax data . although , it can be found by calling information *4 from a sprint phone and pressing 4 to hear details of the individual phone use . the 4g data will be listed , and can be sent in a text message to the phone ( if desired ) by pressing 2 .
there is a paid app called eprint , which i believe works locally to printers attached to a wireless network ( printers themselves do not need to be wireless ) and does not appear to use a cloud service or need a pc in most cases . they have a free eprint version that you can use to test the functionality before you pay for the full eprint version . next there is printbot , this " network printer driver " supports 1,000s of printer types connected to a local network . the free version lets you print a few pages to test , the full paid printbot pro licensed version is unlimited . try both of those out and see which one works with your printer and apps . there are also some free proprietary apps that work with specific hardware , hp eprint should work , but only to hp printers ( both older network enabled ones and newer eprint enabled networked ones ) , samsung mobileprint should work ( but only for samsung printers ) . motoprint lets you print to a lot of different printer types as long as they are connected to a wireless network ( do not have to be wireless printers ) , annoyingly you can only install it on motorola devices , so not putting down as an answer for you but someone else might find it useful .
from what i have seen , iris is not supposed to be a competitor for siri , but rather just a ( mostly ) joke app that just tries to replicate some of siri 's snarkiness . it is for laughs , not productivity . if you do want to be productive with voice commands , there are some options . vlingo and speaktoit assistant spring immediately to mind . there are others . this might be helpful : lifehacker : how to get a personal assistant like siri on your android phone for free
unfortunately for us ( not so much for manufacturers and carriers , ) gingerbread closed the exploits that were previously being used to gain root privileges on older android os versions . this means that tools like superoneclick and similar will no longer work . the only way to get root on samsung devices with gingerbread is to flash a pre-rooted image onto the phone with a tool like odin or heimdal . forums like xda-developers and rootzwiki contain detailed instructions for flashing such an image ( kernel only , full stock system , or a completely custom rom . )
sounds to me like you only have one " image chooser " app installed , and you would need to install another . i know es file explorer registers itself as one , so if you install that maybe it will show up in the menu and then you can use it to browse to your icons .
they are nothing to do with your app , and they are not really errors . as you might have guessed , they are just reporting changes in the light sensor state . ( that is the sensor that controls the screen brightness . ) samsung roms are particularly known for having very ' noisy ' log output , owing to samsung being a little slapdash about software integration . in contrast , nexus devices tend to have very clean logs , because google engineers are aggressive about disabling logging when code is committed . you can filter the log messages in eclipse ( or when you use adb logcat on the command-line ) .
most likely the video player registered a listener to be notified on " usb connected " . if you want to keep the app but get rid of that annoyance , the only way goes via root . you will not need a custom rom for that -- just an app like autorun manager pro which allows you to disable listeners of any app : as the screenshot shows , autorun manager lists up all apps along with their registered listeners . check here for your video player app , find the responsible listener , and remove the checkmark in front of it . that should do it . if you do so for some apps , and some day decide to remove autorun manager , your restrictions would persist unless you reset them before uninstalling arm ( the app has a " revert " option , and can even revert all changes at once ) . if you forgot that , and want to re-enable disabled listeners , the only way is to re-install the affected app ( not arm , that will not help as it remembered its actions in its settings , which are removed when you uninstall the app ) .
this is really a question about android in general , and is based on a misconception of how android handles background apps . check out this xda post for a nice explanation of why processes sitting in memory in the background really are not a bad thing . you should only worry about exiting/force-quitting/killing an app if things start misbehaving .
first off you will need to root your tablet . this is relatively easy , especially with the galaxy because it is so popular . head on over to the xda forums (www.xda-developers.com) and navigate to the galaxy 10.1 section . this youtube video also will do it for you : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=krqdp7xylwg be careful . follow the steps exactly . you do not want to brick your device . after that , you will have clockworkmod . so first things first : zip up your kernel , then copy it to your device . most of the time , tablets require sd-cards in order to install things from recovery , so pop in an sd-card and copy the zipped folder here . then , reboot into recovery ( turn device off , then hold up volume button and power at the same time ) . you will want to wipe your cache partition and davlik cache first . once this is done , go to install zip from sd-card , find your folder with the kernel , and that is it ! before you do this , do a backup of your current system , just in case your kernel really messes up your device . hope this helps !
if the water finds its way into the circuitry and causes a short , that could be bad , but i do not think there is any good way to quantify how likely that is to happen to any phone . i have a moto droid and get it a little wet all the time and have never had a problem , although i have heard of people bricking their phone under the same circumstances . if you do actually get it wet and it dies , it may not be bricked . after it dries out it will probably work again . you can aid the process by putting the phone in some rice or just blowing dry warm air on it . it is also worth noting that many phone manufacturers install moisture detecting stickers inside the phone . on the droid it can been seen through a little hole under the battery cover that shows red plus signs on a white background . if that gets wet , it'll bleed and that way if you try to return a broken phone and say it just died the tech can see if you got the phone wet , and even if that is not why it died , it'll void your warranty .
the problem was partially solved . download . apk file from the device ( with airdroid for example ) remove assets/fonts directory from the archive install the application with modified . apk file i suspect that this bug appears again with every application update , so this fix has to be repeated after every update
there is not anything built in but you can use an app such as changelog droid . you would need to add the apps you wish to be notified for to the observed list within the app .
no there is no feature in google play music that lets you delete songs you do not listen to . afaik there is no app that does the same too .
there are some available from google play store . excluding the ones you have mentioned , this two i have used , and they worked very well : music pump daap player by android music pump : music pump is a feature rich android daap client that lets you to stream and sync music from your pc or nas to your android device . all you need is a daap server . remote for soundbridge by martin kompf : connect to different music servers including upnp , daap , and internet radio . browse playlists , artists , composers , albums , songs , genres , and folders at music server .
i have the same model and the digitizer is also 2/3 dead . if hold vertically , the left third from top to bottom works plus the rightmost vertical pixel line . i was able to unlock it using a two finger gesture : swipe the slider as far as possible to the right and hold it , then touch the right edge of the screen with a 2nd finger , then release the 1st finger . my permanent solution : installed cyanogenmod and enabled physical keyboard unlock . note that you can buy a replacement digitizer on ebay for around 20$ or so if you do not mind doing it yourself .
oh dear , the moment i offer a bounty on this question , i bump into the solution myself . cyanogenmod has a " dev tools " app . in " development settings " in this app , uncheck " show running processes " to make this go away .
following this worked : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?p=30206455 . basically i flashed zimage from fixrecovery . tar and removed my sim ( do not know why that works , it is probably not required ) .
if you have an sd card , i would copy its contents to a pc . that should save all of your pictures . paid apps are linked to your google account and can always be re-downloaded . have you entered your contacts manually and not synced them to your google account ? if not , you do not need to back them up ; they are in the " cloud " , to use the common catchphrase . if you are rooted , you can use an app like titanium backup to save your applications and data , so that you do not need to redownload them ( and so your settings , saved games , etc . are backed up ) .
you might want to take a look at e.g. mail myself / selfmail ( which integrate into the share menu ) , or email me / email to self : create homescreen shortcuts which use a preselected email address and/or label by long pressing on a blank space on your homescreen , then select shortcuts , then email to self . guess that is what you are looking for ; )
app data usually go below /data/data/&lt;package_name&gt; ( in case of chrome : /data/data/com.android.chrome ) . but those directories are only accessible by the app itself , and by the system/root – so unless your device is rooted , you will not have much luck checking there . concerning the file-system hierarchy , you might wish to first consult the file-system tag-wiki , and then follow up to android folder hiearchy .
how about if you do a dump of the filesystem before and after clearing the cache and compare what has changed ? for example , browse something to generate some cache , copy the filesystem to directory before-clear , clear the cache and copy again to directory after-clear . after this run a diff on the directories , eg . diff -q before-clear after-clear &gt; differing_files.txt . after this you can check relevant files for changes and see if you can clear the cache just by removing/editing these files . although , this only works if the cache is file-based , not in a db . note : this is just an idea , do not have a rooted phone to test it .
it is required for phones ( at least in europe and us ) to allow emergency calls without requiring the user to unlock the phone or the sim card . you can always make an emergency call when you are in a cell coverage area and the phone has power . it is a safety feature , which guarantees you can use any phone in an emergency to get assistance , regardless of the state the phone is in . take this scenario : you are in a car crash and your own phone breaks . an unconscious friend 's cell phone is working , but it has a pattern/pin/password lock on it , or it lost power but boots to the sim pin screen . the feature guarantees that you can make the call without knowledge of the correct pattern/pin/password . the numbers you can call with this feature are restricted to the most common or regional emergency numbers , and are translated by the carrier to the local emergency numbers if you are roaming . the exception to this are wifi-only tablets , which can not make calls at all . edit : if the device 's sim is locked , it detects the networks available and identifies it is own network , but does not register the device to the network . in the case of emergency calls , the phone does not need to be registered to the network , all calls to emergency numbers are allowed , regardless of the state of the sim or carrier subscription . even with no sim at all , the networks are detected and the carrier with the strongest signal is used .
have you tried removing and adding both account ? or adding secondary account as primary account . making secondary account primary may not be what you want but its worth a try .
with the big google plus push this past year , google have been slowly moving to retire picasa web albums entirely . first , they made it so that all of your picasa albums are available via google+ photos , then they have set picasa 3 desktop application 's sharing options to google+ as the default , then they even started redirecting https://picasaweb.google.com/home address to google+ photo albums , and android gallery sync options are indeed gone in 4.2.2 version . as of this writing , the latest gapps package includes the following change log : all apps updated to 4.2.2 versions google play store updated to 3.10.14 google play services updated to 3.0.25 gmail2 . apk ( gmail ) and googleears . apk ( sound search for google play ) removed since they are available in the google play store --may require uninstalling and reinstalling gmail and sound search after flashing . keeps previous version 's photosphere/picasa sync install on mako , manta , and tuna . the last line means that the gallery , which is no longer a stand-alone app , and instead integrated with the camera app , is an older version in order to preserve the picasa sync functionality , while keeping the newer camera features such as pohtosphere . unfortunately this is only available on very few devices such as nexus 4 ( code name " mako" ) , nexus 10 ( code name " manta" ) , and the galaxy nexus family ( code name " tuna" ) . this is due to the camera apps not being open source on either google 's android core apps , or every other manufacturer 's ui overlay . it is therefore impossible to get the picasa sync code working on other devices . if you are willing to experiment a bit , there is an older version of an add-on to the main gapps package here which may help you get picasa sync back . you should flash this gapps-jb-picasa-20121011-signed.zip file after flashing the latest gapps . zip package . however , keep in mind that this add-on was designed for android 4.1 ( not 4.2 . x ) /cyanogenmod 10 ( not 10.1 , ) and will therefore remove any newer camera features . it may also cause other unforeseen issues and instabilities , so make sure to take a nandroid backup of your current rom before flashing that file .
summing up from the comments : this very much depends on . . . the rom used the update format chosen for a specific update some roms ( e . g . cyanogenmod ) come with their own " updaters " , where special rules might apply . specifically , they might deliver " patch updates " , where only some files will be replaced . in those cases , no further action is required ( except for , maybe , a reboot ) . some other roms ship in specific formats , and might require special tools to be flashed ( e . g . odin or heimdall for samsung devices ) . again other roms are delivered using the update.zip principle , where a custom recovery is needed to install them . this update.zip may be a complete rom , or also just a patch . instructions usually are to be found where the updates are offered for download . in all above cases , some " initial steps " required for the first rom install can be skipped and must not be repeated , including . . . rooting your device ( custom roms usually come pre-rooted ) unlocking the bootloader ( unless you have re-locked it ) installing a custom recovery ( when it is already there , no re-install is required ; though there might be updates to this as well , and a newer custom rom might require a minimum version here as well . again , instructions should say so ) it is always a good idea to perform a backup before installing updates ( or tampering with system stuff in any other way ) . points to check for include : nandroid backup : a full " sector-wise " copy of all the important partitions . if things go wrong altogether , this enables you to revert to the exact state of when these backups were created logical full-backup : this is performed by tools like titanium-backup , and usually includes all your apps and data . so if something is missing after the rom update , you can substitute the necessary parts . ( note that titanium backup also can do that with nandroid-backups ) adb backup : quite similar to the previous one ( see the backup wiki for details and differences ) . note also that an ota-update is quite unlikely to happen with custom roms . some even include an app named fota-kill to " silence " the related update check . they either bring their own updater , or none altogether . in the latter case , the user has to check himself whether and when updates are available ; often a " reminder " can be setup by subscribing to the corresponding thread on xda ( or wherever the rom comes from ) , but actions have to be taken manually ( as described above ) . as i have shown until here , videos on updating your rom most likely do not exist as the process already has been described as part of the initial video ; though a few words like " for updating , skip to index ab:cd " would be a good idea ( and could be suggested in the comments ) . a special case are the google-apps ( short : gapps ) . whether you have to re-install them or not mainly depends on whether it was a " full update " ( complete rom ) , or the update just replaced some files . but it is easy to figure : when finished , just check if they are there and working . if not , you obviously have to flash them again . as a full-update replaces the entire partition content , gapps would be gone with that ; a " patch-update " would just replace/add some files , and not touch the gapps , so they had still be there . gapps are never part of a custom rom ( if they are , the " rom cook " is in trouble due to license issues ) .
i doubt that something like an sms/mms virus exists or is " in the wild " . if this mms was really originating from your phone , than this could only be caused by an malicious app . now , there are two ways how any app can send/receive sms/mms : by having the appropriate permissions you can easily find out which app has requested , and since you installed it , granted , which permissions that app got granted . see this question for tools . by exploiting the android system if there is an root exploit within the android system and within the dalvik vm , any app could use it to do anything . afaik as of android 2.3.5 there are no public known exploits . not sure what is the state in case of android 2.1 sms history editing the sms history is not necessary . the history is part of the ( stock ) sms client . if an android app uses to api to send an sms/mms the history is not involved .
if you have the kindle app installed , just open it and it should show a selection of the books you have purchased from the kindle store . books that have not been downloaded to your device yet are available via the " archived items " menu option that pops up when you press your device 's menu , you should be able to select and download any books there . if you have downloaded kindle compatible books from elsewhere on the internet , then if you move them into the " kindle " folder on your sd card , they should appear in the listing of books when you open the kindle app . you have two options to do this : plugging your phone into a pc and mounting the sd card as an external drive , using one of the many android file manager apps that are available from google play store .
in the context of android devices , the terms are often used interchangeably . host mode usb has two different kinds of endpoint ( connected device ) , like a client-server interface . one device is the computer ( or host ) , and it is in charge : it is the server . all the other devices ( the peripherals ) are the clients , and can only communicate with the server . usually , a device can only act in one of those two rôles : it would not make sense for ( say ) a keyboard to be the host . that is the way the protocol works , and the connectors are designed to make that easier for users : hosts have the rectangular a connector , and peripherals have either the square b connector or a mini- or micro- version . host mode is a name for when a device is acting as a host . every usb connection has exactly one device in host mode . pcs always run in host mode . ( you would not usually call it that for a pc , because it is not really a " mode " , it is always like that . ) usb-otg a phone is a bit different , though . sometimes you want it to act as a peripheral : for example , so you can plug it into a pc , so the pc can access the phone 's storage . sometimes you want it to act as a host : for example , to connect a physical keyboard or mouse to it . this is why many android devices now support usb host mode as well as usb peripheral mode : they can act in either rôle . but how can you make this work , when a host 's usb socket is different from a peripheral 's ? this is where usb-on-the-go ( otg ) comes in . it adds an extra pin to the micro-usb socket . if you plug a normal a-to-b usb cable , the device acts in peripheral mode . if you connect a special usb-otg cable , it has the pin connected at one end , and the device at that end acts in host mode . this can be a little confusing if one cable has seemingly identical plugs at either end , which do different things . but cables with usb-otg at both ends are uncommon : it is more common to use an adaptor , which has a host-mode usb-otg plug at one end , and a rectangular usb-a socket on the other . you can plug a normal usb cable into this adaptor , and it will work normally . conclusion the names refer to two different parts of the usb technology , but they are very similar . after all , if a device " supports usb-otg , " it must support acting in " host mode " . the converse is often the case , but not always . most android devices that support host mode do so via usb-otg , but there are a few counterexamples : the original asus eee pad transformer , for example , has usb-a sockets in its keyboard , allowing it to act in host mode without a usb-otg cable . and of course pcs support host mode without usb-otg . so although the terms are usually used to mean the same thing in the android world - can i plug a usb stick into my phone ? - and for most devices it makes no difference which you are talking about , there is a distinction .
i figured this out only after months of being without most of my phone 's functionality and taking it to a 3rd-party repair place that declared it " unrepairable " . it is stupidly easy : download an apk of your home launcher ( i got one from here : http://forum.xda-developers.com/archive/index.php/t-1125331.html ) e-mail it to yourself use voice commands to send yourself a test e-mail . if you do not have gmail set up , then it will give you the screens you need for configuration . e-mail the apk to yourself . when you check your gmail on your phone you should see an " install " button next to the attachment name . install it and enjoy your new old phone .
i went to https://www.google.com/dashboard/b/0/ and found the section labeled " android device" ; that had a link labeled " more data stored about this device " . clicking that opened a popup window that showed a disappointingly short list of apps that had backed up some of their data : just some of the built-in apps from google .
you could try booting into fastboot mode , and then use fastboot -w . this command wipes userdata and cache , and thus should be equivalent to a factory-reset . for more information , there is a list of fastboot commands , and of course our fastboot tag-wiki .
unbind the gmail account . clear google play data . bind the gmail account .
that usb input in the honda pilot only supports certain drivers . it looks like it has support for standard flash thumb drives and ipod products . android comes preloaded with the drivers necessary to communicate with windows so until honda updates the stereos driver support or someone puts the necessary drivers to interface with the pilot on your device i believe you will be out of luck .
if it is the official roms , then it is very easy and chances of anything going wrong are slim-to-none . you should just do it . downgrading should also be pretty straightforward if you want to stick with official firmwares - it would be a case of downloading pc odin and the firmware you want from a site like sammobile . i have done this with a galaxy note which is from the same family of handsets . many people who have problems find that they can solve them with a wipe and just re-installing what they want . this has resolved battery issues for some . ics is worth the risk . yes , there are ui changes and you will probably notice the phone being a bit faster to respond , but there are many other changes as well . for instance , some real-world useful features include wi-fi direct , improved web browsing and proxy support . if you plan on keeping the handset long enough you may see some applications will require ics as a minimum version as this is the first unified phone + tablet version of android .
while file expert is a good app there are great apps out there . i was hesitant to switch because i did not want to install another app for ftp sharing , but i discovered solid explorer . it is the best file manager app for android , bar none . it has an exceptional text editor with optional monospace font ( ! ) , size setting and line wraps can be disabled ! and of course root support out of the box . all for the great price of 0$. ( thought it is in beta , so that might change . ) it also includes ftp/sftp/smb/cifs browsing , support for google drive , dropbox , box and skydrive . and so many other goodies that there is not enough space here to list it all .
yes , assuming the device has been rooted and someone has engineered the update to work with your specific device . how fast that happens depends on how hard the devices manufacturer has made it , and how active the community is . its not as simple as just loading windows on a computer . i asked a similar question a while ago . check out the answers for more detail : what is involved in installing android onto a device ?
for this to work , your nexus 5 will need the " always listening " mode . it is not supported on this handset officially , but there are community developers working on enabling this feature . as of this writing , the development is still in a ( semi- ) working proof of concept stage .
having now read more about the apk file format , i think i can now safely answer my own question with " it is impossible " . an apk file does not contain a data structure which is " unpacked " on install like the packages used by , for example , most linux distributions . instead , an apk is simply a self-contained , rebadged jar file that contains the application 's bytecode , manifest and certificate and nothing else . the contents of /data/data/[appname] are presumably created by the application code when it is first run ( or at some future point ) , and there is no way of embedding such data into an apk so that the system automatically moves it to the correct destination at install time .
install the app from play store and use astro file manager to backup apps . from backup directory , you can get apk files of the installed app .
you might want to check for " app lockers " like e.g. app lock , which allow you to password-protect apps , or use even more restrictive child protection apps like e.g. child app protector , which can sandbox an environment ( also called " kiosk mode" ) . a somehow " special " solution would be app locker ii : fake crash , which in " protected mode " displays a fake force-close message so people do not get the idea you protected something .
ok . i found the correct combination . it seems that the recovery distributed with cyanogenmod 10 m2 for galaxysmtd is really picky about the hardware buttons . here 's how you can boot to recovery : start with galaxy s powered off press and hold volume up + home press and hold power button wait for ( factory default ) galaxy s gt-i9000 boot display to show up release the power button before the second boot display with text " cyanogen ( mod ) " shows up . keep holding the volume up + home buttons . wait for recovery to start . after you see the recovery menu , you can release the volume up and home buttons . if you fail to release the power button before the second boot display , you cannot get it to go into the recovery mode . instead it will enter the normal boot sequence which seems to fail if you keep holding the power button . on the other hand , if you do not keep buttons pressed long enough , it will enter the normal boot sequence , again . i have not figured out if holding the home button is really required but at least it does not prevent entering the recovery mode .
i think gtalk uses port 5228 , and the notifications and market downloads both use the gtalk protocol internally .
that screen is meant to be just a list of your apps . as you are using samsung 's built-in touchwiz interface , one thing you can do is move those apps around , so that they are in an order you like and related apps are on the same page . just press the menu button , and press edit and you should see little ( - ) signs appear on the apps , now you can drag them around to change their order , or drag them to the left or right edge of the screen to move them to a different screen . however the better way to do this , is by arranging the apps on your home screen , rather than the apps list . you can have up to 7 home screens on a galaxy s , and you can add things like folders to the home screens to further organize your apps . think of the home screen as being a bit like the windows desktop , you can add/remove/organize shortcuts to apps here and even delete them as much as you like and it will not cause any problems . to copy an app 's icon from the app list to the home screen , just long-press on it for a second or two and then the view should change from the app list to the home screen , and you can drop the icon wherever you want . add folders to the home screen by long-pressing on an empty bit of the home screen , then select folders , new folder . as long as the folder was open when you left the home screen , you can drag an icon from the apps list to there the same way . to move an app around the home screen , long-press on it , and then drag it to where you want , or drag to the remove bar at the bottom to delete the icon . on a galaxy s with touchwiz you can add or remove home screens ( up to 7 of them ) by going to the home screen , pressing menu , sleect edit and then either press the ( + ) sign if available to add , or drag a screen to the remove area at the bottom to remove . if you have froyo ( android 2.2 ) you can also do a pinch zoom out on the home screen to swap between screens , or add/remove screens .
go to inbox , press MENU button and click on Refresh . now , open the email again . in the gmail app , there is no way to refresh the current email , you can only refresh your inbox . when you refresh inbox , emails are downloaded ( in text format ) to your inbox . images from the email were downloaded on opening the email .
i now have gingeryoshi 1.5 running on my htc magic 32a , so i will answer my own question and explain how it went . as for the radio 6.35 , answer is yes , you can use it with the gingeryoshi for 32a new radio . here is how i swithed from 2.2.1 cm6.1 radio 3.22 to 2.3.5 gingeryoshi 1.5 radio 6.35 1 ) i reverted my htc magic back to the stock rom 1.5 + sense , this to simply revert to the new 6.35 radio . i did the update by connecting the phone to usb and running the ruu ruu_sapphire_htc_europe_3.05.401.1_test_signed_nodriver . exe 2 ) then i had to reinstall a recovery , as we have radio 6.35 we need a hero recovery , that is amonra 1.6.2 for hero ( the 1.7.0 wont work with magic ) 3 ) i flashed 1.76.2007 spl at this point only thing left is to flash gingeryoshi . from recovery , do a full wipe . ( i did not care about having an ext partition , so i left my sdcard untouched ) 4 ) flashing " ginger yoshi 1.5 new radio 32a . zip " from recovery following install procedure , answering the questions in order : - no ext - zeam launcher - no swap on ext - big density reboot : new htc logo with hiding bugdroid enjoy gingeryoshi 1.5 and android 2.3.5 , so far everything seems to be working fine , and no more troubles with my simcard . quadrant now gives 387 instead of 299 with cm6.1 :- )
try the smart swf player app .
this seems like an issue that has been reported to the android development team . i am not sure if it is specific to the droid x , but even the work item relates to the droid x . if that is the case , i do not know if that is technically an android issue , but a motoblur issue , as the droid x runs the motoblur version of android . also , yes , that is what " never use secure password " means .
there is a lot of mixing up because the " aagh tinfoil hats " brigade are very mixed up themselves . there is no evidence that any radio emissions from mobile phones have any health effects whatsoever . you get a larger radio dose from your local tv transmitter than the phone in your pocket . to answer your specific questions : yes , you are safe from rf if there is no 3g functionality , or if there is 3g functionality for that matter . if you turn on wi-fi , it emits radio waves ( that is how it works ! ) regardless of whether it is connected to a network or scanning for networks . as you say , emf is just the " spill-off " from any electrical appliance or even cable . the emf from tablets is almost too little to measure : it is several orders of magnitude less than from anything with an electric motor , such as a hairdryer or fan . neither rf nor emf emissions from tablets or mobile phones are hazardous to health at all . a case to reduce the rf emissions is a bit pointless . wi-fi , bluetooth , and 3g protocols all feature methods for the transmitter to change its transmission strength as necessary . blocking the transmission just makes it transmit with more power , running your battery down faster .
if you have root you can do as suggested and use titanium backup to remove the stock email app . if you are not rooted you can remove the duplicate notification by going into the stock email app , settings , and then delete your email account from the app . if you want to keep your account you can also go into your phone settings and find the application manager , swipe over to the all apps tab , find the stock email app and uncheck show notifications ( if your android version is jelly bean ) .
yes , all rooted apps theoretically can use the entire system , including all facilities that otherwise need app permissions . they could also modify the permissions database " under the radar " to grant its non-root part more permissions than were requested at install time . you have to trust root-using apps not to violate their given permissions .
i suspect that the events for which you get notifications have a reminder set in them . so the easiest way to get rid of the notifications is to turn off the reminders in the events themselves . typically , you would not have a reminder in the birthday event but if the event came from somewhere else ( like outlook or other phone ) then the reminder might get added to it . i had this problem on some phones . . . however , it could be very tedious to remove reminders individually if you have many events with unwanted reminders . the second part of the question : i would use tasker app for that . however , you have to pay for it . i am aware of a free automation app automateit ( sorry can not add a link because i do not have enough rep here ) and from description it looks like it can also kill sound based on a rule but i have not used it myself so will not comment . for tasker there are instructions on how to implement " sleep mode " with which the phone with " shut up " at night . if you go down this path i can assist more since i have set this up on my phone and it works quite well .
no , the stock android browser ( chrome ) does not have support for websocket . but other browsers e.g. opera has support for it in the latest release , but it is disabled . see compatibility tables for support of html5
open My Files . create a new folder ( e . g . notifications ) copy mp3 files to newly-created folder go to sms message select Menu &gt; Settings &gt; Select Ringtone
you can do this with an app called grooveip : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.gvoip i have it on my og droid , which is no longer activated on vzw , and use it as my " house phone " with my google voice number .
the reason for using sftp over usb is speed and convenience . mtp is unsatifactory , and transfering files over wifi is slow . for those of you who have my setup ( gsm galaxy nexus with cyanogenmod 9 rc2 or later ) here 's how to manage files on your device with maximum convenience and speed . install digisshd ( and digicontrol ) on phone connect phone to pc via usb cable on phone , go to settings > wireless and networks > more . . . > tethering and portable hotspot > check " enable usb tethering " done . exit settings . the first time setting up digisshd on phone , open digisshd and enable it ( so it becomes active ) . since i am running kde , i use dolphin . here 's how to manage files on my phone with dolphin . ( you could do the same with nautilus , but the syntax may be different . ) sftp://android@192.168.99.199:2222/mnt/sdcard/ this assumes the default port of 2222 . you can change password , port , etc . in digisshd settings . once it is set up , establishing the connection is super easy . and managing files via a real file manager is way superior to using mtp . see more here : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=29267792postcount=12
the overflow menu for google now ( on all form factors , i believe ) is in the bottom right corner of the app instead of the top right , where most other applications put it . you need to make sure you have scrolled all the way to the bottom of your cards , though , because it shares the bar with the " show more cards . . . " button , which is hidden if your screen is full .
pattern , pin or password screen lock is required , because there were still user certificates stored in the device . go to settings -> security and pick clear credentials .
well . . . it seems the best features ( at least for me ) will be exclusive to the nexus 5: http://www.droid-life.com/2013/11/22/psa-what-some-device-owners-wont-see-in-their-kit-kat-update/ from that list : google experience launcher translucent nav bar and notification bar smart dialer that is really a shame !
it seems that this issue was related to the rom . since multiple re-installs of the app did not correct the issue , experimenting with another rom ( apex 2.0 beta ) did the trick . after flashing the new rom and installing the app , music streams quite well . update : i have learned that the liberty toolbox > liberty tweaks > ad blocker feature being set to " block most ads " has been tracked down as the root cause of this issue . make sure to " enable ads " under this setting and there should not be anymore fc issues .
from my post to the link gathrawn called out ; encrypt the phone&#39 ; s internal storage android 3 ( honeycomb ) offers full system encryption natively . however , as it is only for tablets at this point i will post some other avenues . there was some work done on this for the g1 using luks and cryptsetup . i think i have seen this on a moto droid rom too , but you will definitely need root . it is not trivial to do , and there is not too much interest so popular roms like cyanogenmod do not provide for this natively . there are some apps in the market that support encrypted file stores ( check out lock files . i have no idea how transparent that is on the system however . to your italicized point on remote wipe . there are many solutions for this . if you are using exchange you can push this with activesync , if not apps like lookout , and more provide remote wipe and other functions . there are even manual ways w/ dyndns and a listening ssh server .
yes , adding a second account and disabling sync on the original one will work as you are expecting . you will retain the ability to install and use apps you purchase with the original account , while having the sync enabled only on your wife 's account will ensure the data from your own account is not present on her phone .
there is no native way to do this , as android simply does not support it . any wallpaper which is not a live wallpaper will be displayed as a static image . specifically , romain guy notes in a comment on the android issue tracker that all regular wallpapers are saved as png images after cropping . there is no way to change this behaviour aside from modifying the android source code . there are some third-party apps that will allow you to use an animated gif as a wallpaper , such as animgif live wallpaper . the downside , though , is that i believe all of these will be live wallpaper applications , which sort of defeats the purpose .
i found a solution : if you do not have a rma option like me , it is possible it can be fixed with just disconnecting and reconnecting the front facing camera . try deleting cash , reinstalling camera , safe mode , factory reset , etc . before doing this . proceed at your own risk ! as shown in this video : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=opucmfhzgbg ) remove the back of the phone ( beginning of the video ) . unscrew the top plastic plate ( 7:15 - 8:10 ) . disconnect and reconnect front-facing camera flex cable ( 13:43 - 13:57 ) . put everything back together and you are done . viola ! i hope it helps someone .
i believe this is impossible . the headset requires power from the device . android versions before 3.1 state that they can not support powering the usb bus . from the developer guide : when the android-powered device is in host mode , it acts as the usb host and powers the bus . when the android-powered device is in usb accessory mode , the connected usb hardware ( an android usb accessory in this case ) acts as the host and powers the bus . usb accessory and host modes are directly supported in android 3.1 ( api level 12 ) or newer platforms . usb accessory mode is also backported to android 2.3.4 ( api level 10 ) as an add-on library to support a broader range of devices . device manufacturers can choose whether or not to include the add-on library on the device 's system image . unless there is a custom android os that supports usb host mode , i believe what i am trying to achieve is impossible
i finally figured out how to fix this . i do not know if this is the best way to do this , and if this is unique to just this phone , but here 's what worked for me : rebooted the phone unlocked it at the lock screen that popped up when i came to the activation setup pages , i pulled down the notifications shade " quick settings " > > " all settings " > > home button i am not sure how exactly this worked ( glitch or bug , maybe ? ) , but it did . thanks for all the help !
go to your settings on your phone when in your settings go to " sound " , then " silent mode and vibrate " and things will pop up push " silent mode " then push " vibrate " , then " never " then your phone is all the way off ! !
custom keyboard layouts is an official feature of android 4.1 jelly bean . it is called " user-installable keymaps " , see more here . if you do not want to wait/upgrade : besides this , android uses keymaps also for bluetooth hid devices ( your device , some number keypads , apple bluetooth keyboard , etc . ) . more info how to change this is here .
it is the same . at least in my setup ( htc desire s ) . the image i favorite end up in a gallery folder with the same name as the dropbox folder they are in . edit : the gallery app might play a big role in this . on some systems they are known to take quite a while to update etc .
simple things the obvious group of settings that needs to be changed ( simply by selecting the appropriate value ) is the interface language , time zone . keyboard one unexpected difficulty is the input method . the factory samsung os ( from another region ) does not include a samsung russian keyboard , nor does it include the standard android keyboard ( which might have a russian keyboard ) . further complication : the standard android keyboard cannot be installed separately ! as a solution , i chose to install anysoftkeyboard ( which is also available on f-droid , which guarantees it is free/open-source , can be rebuilt from sources , and has been inspected by more people for not having spying features ) . then in its settings menu , i chose to download a russian pack . mobile networks and internet for internet to work , one needs to set up an apn ( for example , for megafon , a russian mobile operator , one needs to add a new apn with " internet " as the value for the field " apn " -- the only essential field ; and select it ) . ( regressions ) ( still , as compared to samsung galaxy s sold in russia , this one has much more unstable connection to the mobile network ( loses the connection , i.e. , is offline very often ) . perhaps , this can be solved by upgrading the rom/modem firmware from the present android 2.2 i9000xxjpk ( kernel 2.6.32.9 ) froyo . xxjpk . )
the picture you got on your phone was upgrade mode ( also called download mode ) . the phone disconnects and then tries to reconnect when it goes into this mode . my guess is that the reconnect failed ; it happened to me when i tried upgrading through a virtual machine . i suggest borrowing a friend 's computer running windows natively to do the upgrade .
dropbox is making it seem more complicated than it really is . unlike on the pc version of dropbox , the files you see in the dropbox app are not actually stored on your tablet . it is just a list of files you could download . when you view the file from dropbox , it downloads it temporarily into dropbox 's private storage area , and then temporarily gives the app you choose access to the file . just click " save to sd card " . that actually downloads the file to your tablet , and saves it permanently in a storage area that other apps have access to . after that , the image will show up in gallery , probably in its own " dropbox " album .
maybe this post from xda will answer your question . this is not an apn problem , it is a sim problem . your provider has one set of numbers on your card , and another set of numbers that actually identify the network , and they do not match . technically , from the phone 's point of view , you are roaming , even if it is the same provider . from the provider 's point of view , you are not roaming . up until cupcake , we had that same problem here in canada when using the " fido " network ( which is owned and operated by " rogers" ) . the network identified itself as " rogers " , the sim cards identify themselves as " fido " , the phone think 's its roaming . so ; you do not need to worry about roaming charges when you are actually connected to the correct network . but ; you do not have an easy to read display to tell you when you are really roaming , nor can you make configurations that are based on whether you are or are not roaming .
this is not really an android problem , per se . my wife and i have been effectively sharing our calendars for a few years . i use android , she uses an iphone . the secret sauce is to use google calendar . we each have our own google accounts , and have shared ( read-access ) with each other . we also have created shared calendars for both of our kids , household events ( e . g . , when is the trash picked up ) , local events we might want to attend , and the schedule for their schools getting the calendar ( s ) into android is academic ( and i just use the standard calendar app ) . she simply needed to connect her calendar app . ( she is having a problem where sometimes events she creates on her device do not show up , but that is an iphone issue . )
sum-up from the comments : warranty first , at least as of today and outside the eu , it is not possible to install a custom rom or even only root your phone without voiding your warranty . even if it can be done in a way not increasing a ( possibly existing ) " flash-counter": in case your device " bricks " for some reason , not giving you a chance to restore to " stock " , your custumizations would be found in the service center . existing custom-roms as said , here you might want to take a look into the question where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ? , which lists a lot of ressources where to find different custom roms . a good choice might be cyanogenmod , which is e.g. dealt with in the xda-developers thread about cyanogenmod for ace plus . to find more details , you can simply use this google search .
have you tried this http://tiddlyspot.com/ it basically creates a tiddly on a web server , so you can edit it with every android browser able to render it . you can download it , edit offline and when online sync it with the server version . opera mobile is not able to edit offline a tiddlywiki and save changes . firefox mobile can . other browsers i dont know . normally they need a . jar java file which the mobile browsers often cant execute afaik .
sshdroid does not need root , it is optional . every app can bind a socket on an not privileged port ( > 1024 ) . i am pretty sure that your ssh client parameters are wrong , the port especially . afaik you can not add the port via : to the hostname . try ssh root@ipofandroid -p 2222 instead . if you need more verbose output of the ssh binary , start it with -v , -vv or -vvv . this helps to figure out problems .
yes . file short cut app will help you to create short cut for files . it is an app to create a shortcut to open the file . you can choose any files such as images , videos , or pdf . note - you need a separate application that corresponds to the format so you can open the file . for example , pdf files can not be opened without pdf readers such as adobe reader . supports mp3 , mp4 , jpg , png , gif , html , pdf , txt , doc , xls , ppt
for viber , use viber contact photo sync . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.booleanaxis.vibercontactphotosync2 for whatsapp use : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.rm.android.wcps
i had the same issue with my htc hero . i never got around to fixing it but i remember reading that the router needs to be forced to stay in b/g mode . check this post seems to confirm that idea : http://forum.xda-developers.com/archive/index.php/t-492536.html
no . roms are always device specific . reasons are proprietary drivers for specific hardware components . for more details , you might wish to follow up to the rom tag-wiki , rom-flashing tag-wiki , and the sites/pages linked from there , e.g. is there an official android “google” rom ?
just type it in once , click it , and save it . done . you can also go to settings > language and input > personal dictionary and add your words from there .
try out an app called watchdog . it monitors your apps and alerts you to anything that is using your cpu excessively . it might help unless it something that is draining consistently at a low level . i would have to agree that it does not sound like you have a problem . battery life seems good . juice plotter is another battery monitor that you might be interested in and its companion app juice defender might help squeeze extra life out of your phone as it can switch off your 3g off unless needed .
i have found the problem . both the router and the phone was working correctly . the problem is with the wifi channels . according to wikipedia 's list of wlan channels , some places only allow channels 1-11 , some others 1-13 . devices will provide support accordingly . my router supports channels 1-13 , while the phone ( i guess ) supports channels 1-11 . so when the router uses channels 12 or 13 , the phone cannot detect the network ! solution ? buy another router which only support channels 1-11 . logon to your routers config through your browser to find whether the router supports limiting the channels . refer to your routers user manual on how to do this change the channel settings on the router to be manual ( i.e. not automatic ) , and somewhere in the range 1-11 ( preferably 1 or 6 or 11 ) .
it looks like a whatsapp problem . your best bet would be to raise this concern with whatsapp themselves . there is no guarantee that they had fix it , but this is not google / android issue either ( from a general perspective ) . developers should follow " best practices " when developing android apps . update 2013-10-07: this issue has been discussed in xda , and it is because of how whatsapp handles notifications ( no specific details given ) . in that thread , there is a possible solution using the light flow app .
the short answer is that the nexus phones are the most updateable - not only do they get more updates then the other phones , but they also get more support from the community in general . case in point , though google has announced that the nexus one will not get ics , cyanogenmod will be providing it . other then the nexus phones , i think it is best to stick to the high volume devices , particularly the flagship devices that are sold in many countries . these are much more likely to get the attention necessary to push the manufacturer to release updates and to release the drivers . and finally , you can look at the cyanogenmod list of supported devices . i tend to check this list before buying or recommending a new device .
the htc one 's camera has bigger pixels than the regular phone cameras ( "ultrapixels" ) . when you use your camera in low light , it tries to draw more light from the sensor , so the image looks brighter . the " purple " issue is caused by bad heat insulation of the camera sensor from the rest of the phone , so when you try to take a photo the heat can cause distortion of the data the image processor chip collects from the sensor and converts to digital image ( when you open the camera app it puts the screen brightness to max , so even this can cause the phone to heat up ) . when you use the camera in low light the image chip relies more on the sensor to collect more light , so this might cause only low light pictures to be affected ( especially the color black , where the sensor tries to deliver as much light possible and there just is not one , as it is dark ) . when you take a photo in normal light ( or with flash ) there is enough light and the sensor does not try to replace the color black with purple . the damage to the camera sensor caused by heat seems to be permanent and if it is in an early stage it can be fixed by a software update which just calibrates the image chip to ignore the " purple " image data . but , as you stated , this is a hardware issue and if the software update does not fix it , the phone should be sent to a repair center for the sensor and the insulator around it to be replaced . as of november - december 2013 the new sensors are made by a different manufacturer and lack the issue . source : the forum thread at xda : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2317507 and personal experience with my htc one m7 .
click the notification which will open Data usage settings and move the orange warning bar above data usage level . next warning will appear when the warning level is exceeded again .
this link contains the parts where you can intervene / add your own functionality the rough flow is power on > bootloader > kernel > init process > system server > boot complete at the bootloader stage , the following is run : a . the first boot loader stage will detect and set up external ram . b . once external ram is available and the system is ready the to run something more significant the first stage will load the main boot loader and place it in external ram . c . the second stage of the boot loader is the first major program that will run . this may contain code to set up file systems , additional memory , network support and other things . on a mobile phone it may also be responsible for loading code for the modem cpu and setting up low level memory protections and security options . d . once the boot loader is done with any special tasks it will look for a linux kernel to boot . it will load this from the boot media ( or some other source depending on system configuration ) and place it in the ram . it will also place some boot parameters in memory for the kernel to read when it starts up . e . once the boot loader is done it will perform a jump to the linux kernel , usually some decompression routine , and the kernel assumes system responsibility . here 's another link ( more on the linux side ) on the topic with references : elinux website answer this comment stood out to me : in general it is quite tricky to create a boot loader for an existing phone since they often come with tailor made boot loaders from the manufacturer . to add to the difficulty they also have security features that aim to prevent you from downloading your own bootloader . however , if you have an open platform you need an initial bootloader stage and a main bootloader able to start and/or flash software to the device . for the main bootloader you probably want to check out u-boot , http://www.denx.de/wiki/u-boot . the initial bootloader stage needed to start u-boot need to be aware of the boot-protocol in the hardware requiring some documentation or reverse engineering in order to create or download a suitable one . to sum things up reprogramming of existing phones is often more work than its worth unless you are really interested in which case there are a lot of forums dedicated to that sort of thing .
i do not get any refund on my credit card statement . nor do i get a debit to begin with for the initial purchase . the payment is probably held for the fifteen minute refund window . chances are the actual payment run from google to the financial institution is done in a batch or a few batches throughout the day . the specifics of the transaction run is down to google and their bank ( s ) . i would imagine they send the debit leg of it after the fifteen minutes from your account and credit an internal suspense account and then send out the batch during the day as i said . that is only a rough guess but i have worked in software testing similar payments in financial institutions for a long time . it may vary in different countries , i am in ireland but i would like to see how it works in other regions . if , hypothetically you did see a refund for any purchase like this you would see a debit for the purchase and a corresponding credit to your account for the refund with some reference to the app , music or whatever you have purchased .
well , there is a menu available for handsets running android os . to get the menu , go to your stock phone app and type the following . **#*#7378423#*#* it is simply *#*#SERVICE#*#* there are many things you can do in this menu . view service information check service settings carryout service tests reset customization settings some of these items may differ from handset to handset . these are the typical menu items available . this menu comes handy when checking the total call timer ( in service tests ) , rooting status check ( in Service info -&gt; Configuration ) , etc .
the key is not putting the password into the file , but make it the filename . then you can rename the file in the file manager and copy the password through the rename dialog .
google inc . motorola mobility llc . nianticlabs@google ingress , fieldtrip waze waze nik software , inc . snapseed nest labs , inc . nest ( learning thermostat ) bitspin ( formerly team tasks ) timely , tasks bump technologies , inc bump virustotal virustotal android texttospeech listing these separately as they seem to be created within google , but were possibly personal projects/ 20% time projects , and are now retired and only accessible if you have previously installed one of the apps : google places directory team places directory google inc . android apps my maps editor by google
the new version of gdrive fixes this problem , however the offline-compatibility is worse .
found this at : http://orlygoingthirty.blogspot.com/2011/01/how-to-uninstall-expired-launcherpro.html i finally found a workable solution : download the latest launcherpro apk ( or hopefully any other apk ) . connect your phone to your pc and mount the sd card . copy the new apk to the top-level of the sd card and rename it to something short ( like lp . apk ) . unmount the phone , then in the phone browser ( which is the only thing lp lets you run ) , type the following in the url bar : file:///sdcard/lp . apk ( notice the three slashes ) this will force-launch the installer application on the phone . now on my phone , it was set to disallow non-android market apps from installing ; since the apk is not off the android market , the phone popped up an error and offered to let me change the application setting . which launches the settings application .
a is for ' americas ' i is ' international ' e.g. the rest of the world . you get slightly different network support . st17i umts hspa 900 ( band viii ) , 2100 ( band i ) gsm gprs/edge 850 , 900 , 1800 , 1900 st17a umts hspa 800 ( band v ) , 1900 ( band ii ) , 2100 ( band i ) gsm gprs/edge 850 , 900 , 1800 , 1900 this is from the whitepaper . i belive everything else about the phone is the same . bkw and bko i think will be the colour scheme of an orange or white hilight .
have you tried moving your apps to the sd card ? go to Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications -&gt; Downloaded tab then tap on any 3rd-party app and then tap on the Move to SD card button ( if available . ) this should move most of the app to the card , thus freeing up space on the /data/ partition . not all apps support this method , but do try it on the largest space hogs like flash player and adobe air , for example . unfortunately moving apps to sd card this way does not touch the apps ' cache or dalvik cache . to move those you had need the old-school " apps2sd " hack . the basic idea is to re-partition your sd card and create a 2nd partition with ext2/3/4 format . the contents of /data/ folders are moved to the sd card 's ext partition and the phone 's internal memory is therefore freed up . then a script is added to android which mounts this partition at boot time and links /data/app , /data/app-private , /data/data , and /data/dalvik-cache folders to their corresponding locations on the sd card 's ext partition . there are some apps on the market that automate this ( except re-partitioning the card , which you will need to do manually . ) try link2sd or simple2ext for example . of course make sure you have a nandroid backup of your phone before trying anything . there are obvious pros and cons to this method . the pros are the ability to greatly extend the phone 's storage for apps , while keeping the internal memory relatively free . the cons are inability to cleanly un-mount and remove the sd card ( since the apps are mounted on the 2nd partition that the os is not aware of , ) and possible slow-downs in launching apps depending on the speed of the card . there sd card will also be subjected to more wear and tear , since it will be used by the system for reading/writing more than usual .
the answers to how do i copy pictures onto a folder on the home screen ? provide a couple methods of creating shortcuts ( it requires another file manager ) . as well , the root explorer file manager allows you to set the default path when it opens ; you could set it to the path of this folder , so you would not need to browse to it .
configuring sms backup schedule in sms backup and restore : open sms backup and restore and click the menu button in the upper right corner : select preferences : from the preferences menu , select schedule settings : configure schedule settings however you want :
i got the same problem . received two messages with " request failed " and am curious where they are from . i noticed that they always seem to arrive shortly after google calendar sms . so maybe that is somehow connected . as you might be able to see - the sms is sent to you and not from you . in previous days i got the google sms sometimes twice . so maybe google tried to fix the problem - what is left is a false request from google using your number with their calender application , instead of replying to google that the request is from it gets send to the alias number - being your number . i guess there is nothing to worry about . but anyway i will try to remove my number from google - i saw that somewhere you can just remove all sms notifications - that might help .
you should just be able to add the port to the end of the domain as you would with a desktop browser , e.g. http://mysite.com:8888 . chrome and the built-in browser app definitely support this as i use them in this fashion on a daily basis ; i would imagine other browsers would as well since the syntax is defined in the rfc specification .
the android debug bridge ( adb ) can do pretty much everything you want . it is part of the android sdk , just download the sdk and enable usb debugging on your phone . you can get a shell with the command adb shell  and you can get files from the phone with adb pull  all the commands are documented in the first link i gave . another way to get any file from the phone would be to use any of the backup utilities available and back up your whole phone to your computer where you can examine it . as you already rooted your phone you might already have a backup utility installed , or you can easily install one , e.g. titanium backup root or nandroid . i have no experience with those two though , i can not tell you anything more about them . the kernel i used to root my phone included clockworkmod recovery with a backup program already integrated , so you might already have that available too .
i solved the error . instead of selecting pictures from a folder , use the album , and the picture folder will be listed as an album . deselect all the other albums , and pictures should show up .
netcounter will keep track of data usage . it may not be 100% accurate , but it would be a decent estimate .
i rebooted and it fixed the problem :-\ [ and then several weeks later it occurred to me that i should note this fact here , in case it happens to anyone else ] . indeed , i suspect that my phone was in a weird state and probably i could not access the sd card on any computer at all at that point , regardless of what i implied in the question .
ok i believe i am a step closer to solving this adding to the dictionary issue . this is how i am getting around it firstly my keyboard is set to portrait type 3x4 predictive text on with continuous input . now to add a word turn off predictive text . now type your word manually and when your done , and with the cursor flashing directly next to the end of your word , goback into settings and turn predictive text back on . now when you back out of setting you should see your word in the suggestion list above the keypad . tap your new word and you should find it added to your dictionary . this method also works for email addresses . just to be clear this is for use on android 4.1.2 my device for all concerned is samsung gs2 . let me know if this helps .
ext4 should be supported if you have an upgrade to 2.3 or 3.0 android ( i see that your post is from just before the 2.3 and 3.0 releases . . . ) . . . . and when btrfs is added to android , it has a nice mount-option " , ssd " with wear-levelling etc that ext4 does not have . . . and more speed than ext4 now , esp if you use " , compress=lzo " or " , space_cache " in fstab ( but do not use compression with the space_cache option , only use 1 or the other or else it slows to a crawl in some benchmarks ) -- and that speed comes despite btrfs checksumming of all data ( not only of the journals , as ext4 does ) . :- )
some devices use usbmicro , others use usb mini . like any device , it depends on the voltage that the device can take . but for the most part , afaik , as long as the charger is the same plug type ( micro , mini , etc . ) then yes it can work . a lot of the chargers that use usb plugs output the voltage that a standard usb port would ( between 4.75 and 5.25 volts ) . if this is the case , you will have no problems . the only issue , when you use usb to charge , it is usually a slower charge then using a wall charger .
it sounds like you want the extremely common ls -l  for reference , the complete busybox help for ls :
found a solution that worked for me . from this page : go to settings> application manager> all> google text to speech engine instead of disabling it entirely , hit " clear data " note : this solution may or may not be permanent ( i have a feeling when i next actually use a feature with voice , it will re-enable ) , but it is easily repeatable at need . it is mostly viable for me because i do not use such features terribly often . if you use maps every day or whatever you might need to find a different answer .
my testing indicates a usable resolution of 1280 x 750
i assume you have a screen like this one ? there is a way to disable the so called " fullscreen landscape keyboard " . some custom roms have feature an option by default , but not cyanogenmod . what you could try is to download the xposed framework and disable that fullscreen landscape keyboard through xposed modules like " gravity box " or " xblast tools " . those two modules also feature a lot of other useful tweaks . i hope i understood you correctly and that this will be helpful . edit : those two modules i mentioned above may be a bit confusing at first . so i would rather recommend this module instead : no fullscreen keyboard xposed - android apps on google play
not sure about keyboard font but maybe you can change the font in apps . check out this link - custom fonts in apps . and also this link - custom fonts in apps 2 . link 2 is from external site .
i have a samsung galaxy s2 here is a method to get info on your bluetooth version turn on bluetooth by going to the home screen , clicking menu-> settings bluetooth . pull that to enabled . make sure it is on . on the home screen , click menu -> settings -> applications -> ' running ' tab . an item appears called : " bluetooth share " . a screen pops up with information about the program , but it is sparse .
mouse cursor graphics can be located in the framework-res.apk . specifically , res/drawable-x/pointer_arrow.png inside the apk file where x ( suffix of drawable ) is pixel density class of your device .
solved it myself after hours of googling . i really only needed to run error checking on the internal storage ( checkdisk ) in windows . since i could not get windows to mount the drive normally , i tried booting into clockworkmod recovery mode and then connect usb . ran the error checking ( right click on drive , properties , tools , error-checking ) , rebooted phone and voilà ! life is beautiful once again .
that is pretty normal for ( almost ) all custom roms : they are not permitted to include google apps . gapps are proprietary , and to ship them bundled with anything requires an explicit license from google . however , custom roms come rooted usually . and also usually , you ( at least in most cases ) have a custom recovery when installing them . so if you feel you need a way , you have got two choices primarily : pick the gapps package corresponding to your android version from goo . im , and flash them via your custom recovery , or head over to xda and check for the nogapps packages if you prefer an open-source replacement
check the size and format of your sd card . the current clockworkmod recovery version ( 6.0.3 . x ) does not support exfat partitions . if you have a newer card that is over 32gb , chances are it is formatted using exfat file system , due to limitations of fat32 on windows . the solution is to either use a smaller card formatted as fat32 , or use a different recovery that supports exfat , such as twrp , for example .
it turns out the compass needed to be calibrated . i rotated the tablet a full 360 degrees in all three axes , and the problem cleared up . i used this app to monitor the orientation sensor , and while i still see the x axis orientation value drifting , it is being corrected automatically so that accuracy is maintained .
4x2 true hdmi matrix switch w/ analog audio output or 1 x 2 hdmi splitter distribution amplifiier with toslink audio output
short answer generally , apps are cleanly uninstalled , and most if not all of their data will be removed along . some exceptions may however apply to their data stored on sdcard , if any . detailed answer android uses a data structure which is defined by the developers api , and developers should stick to it . there are also not too many ways they could deviate , as e.g. file system permissions prevent this . aside from the .apk ( the app itself ) installed at a defined place , there are also defined places for the apps data : all these can only go below /data/data/&lt;package_name&gt; on internal storage ( rare chances an app can access other places in internal storage to place its data , except from some " temporary " or cache locations . as for the sdcard , the api strongly recommends to use Android/data/&lt;package_name&gt; as corresponding place ( see api documentation ) . as long as developers stick to these rules , uninstalling the app will also remove all its data ( as the system takes care for all those locations defined by the developer documentation , since these are easily identified via the package name ) . however , on the sdcard there are almost no restrictions which places an app can access ( which is due to the fat file system used for these cards ) , and some apps go wild here .
i found the problem : the icon already existed on another screen . however , i was confused because both icons are identically named ( gallery ) and are nearly identical in appearance . thus , i did not realize that i had both icons already .
as recomended by ce4 above , i just followed the steps laid out in this tutorial . samsung galaxy s : full update guide you can download the rom from get . cm here ( original samsung galaxy s variant ) or here ( samsung galaxy s ( b ) variant ) , note these are only for i9000 ( not i9001 or i9003 ) .
so reproducing the solution here for posterity : need to change the default apn to either publicip . apn or vpn.com. all the other settings remain the same as the original default apn ( which is fido-core . appl1 . apn ) . restart the device and voila ! , the phone has a public ip . it can be discovered using adb and netcfg . @martinschröder , thanks a lot for pointing out network info ii tool , its quite useful . only thing is , after tethering the device , it reports an ipv6 rndis ip as the " internal " ip of the device .
according to this xda-thread an apple usb-> ethernet adapte r works on a similar ics device . so technically it should work . but it in your case it could be hardware limitation , so you should try it out before buying . just go to an apple store and ask kindly ; - )
so you want something like this : appchooser ( source : google play ; click for larger variant ) freely configurable , including the possibility to . . . switch between list and grid hide apps you never use , but still having them available quickly with a single tap sort alphabetically or by last-used then take a look at appchooser pro , available for a single buck . there is also a free version on play if you want to test it first . i went immediately for the payed version a couple of months ago , and never regretted the decision . still you might wish to pick the free version first , as i did not test it on 4.4 ( i am still on 4.0 on my phone ) .
1 . first turn -on your gps 2 . go to evernote settings 3 . under general settings you can find " other options " 4 . uncheck " use gps satellites " option . also uncheck " use wireless networks " if you did not turn on your gps , " use gps satellites " option get greyed out . now your note will not store your location .
are you able to get into the recovery boot menu ? ( on my phone , it is accessed by holding down the vol down button when turning on the phone ) . if so , there may be something that can help you . i have had this happen to me , and what i had to do was to try re-installing the rom from the zip file , using the process described here ( scroll down to flashing cyanogenmod - method via recovery ) . on that page , it also states " as of right now cyanogenmod is not officially available for the htc thunderbolt " . i did a bit of digging , and found that the only available cyanogenmod roms for the thunderbolt are unofficial . at this juncture , i would suggest flashing a different rom , or an earlier version of cyanogenmod , if you still have the zip file you used before the update .
short answer : no . longer answer : the thumb-drive version of ubuntu is for x86 processors . there are ways to run ubuntu in android , all of them requiring a ubuntu port with an arm architecture . search for complete linux installer in the play store for basic stuff . it will rum on top of android in a virtualized environment , and you can connect to its environment and everything . just download the image and put it on your flash drive instead .
as far as i know , they are stored under : data/data/com.android.chrome/app_chrome/default/bookmarks
hey i got solution after giving lot of time on this problem . this is the defect of samsung software . actually every software version is linked with some number . but it not send any sms to that number . because of licence , security reason they need to linked every version to particular number . if some problem occur in mobile phone then only it communicate with this number . but in some particular software there is some defect that is why it send sms when new sim inserted into mobile . the solution is go to your nearest samsung service center and update your software .
i actually found taskxp for multitasking which someone recommended . it is just what i wanted . it shows my recent apps and any apps that i pin , in an overlay that i can quickly hit back from .
i can confirm that this is normal behaviour for the default ( blue ) google calendar on the nexus 4 - just the 1 app . having tried a few tests of my own . . . the multiple " roll-up " events appear to be events for which you have already received a notification , but have not explicitly acknowledged or " dismissed " it - in which case the notification remains in the notification area and forms this group when the next notification occurs . in the screenshot above , a notification has just occurred for " test3" , while notifications have already occurred for " test1" and " test2" , but i did not acknowledge/dismiss them . i could , for instance , tap on the " roll-up " and dismiss " test2" - it will then be removed from the notification area . the only way to stop this roll-up of events is to either : dismiss the notification as it occurs . do not set a notification for these events .
if you have a launcher like launcherpro or adw launcher , you can just hit the menu button in any homescreen and click notifications . that however does not help if you are in another app and want to bring down the notification area , unfortunately . in lp , you can also configure a swipe action to pull down the notification area . there is also hellostatusbar which is an app that when clicked will bring down the bar . one workaround maybe to launch it and then while in another app , long-press home to make it show in the recently used app list . if it works , i would recommend exsbar which allows you to assign the long-press search button or long-press camera button to this function .
this is usual android disconnection response . it is to do with your phone checking in with the closest antenna when you end a call . perhaps this will help explain the speed a little : http://images.cellphones.org/cell_phone_calls.jpg p.s. i just hit end call then home or lock screen and put it in my pocket :- )
although the sony xperia tipo is listed by freexperia as a supported device , the tipo dual is not . it is not clear from the site , so it may simply be that ( the unofficial port of ) cyanogenmod can not access the sim cards in that device .
i am guessing you have tried double clicking it ? on my phone ( dell streak ) , a double-click skips to the next track . might just be doubletwist that , though , i am not sure .
broadcom did not specify it , it could be any from this list , search for the gps category . galaxy y uses the broadcom bcm21553 which is arm11 . based on this , i conclude it uses the bcm4751 gps module . you can also try this ussd codes that might reveal some information .
ok , so it is quite obvious that your phone is receiving 3g service ( likely edge/umts ) , not just the 2g gprs service . gprs is simply not capable of the speeds you are getting . since you have called the carrier and had them check , it is their problem . i would say just go with it and enjoy the free service . do not let them charge you for it if they figure it out later , since you did try to make them aware . if you are worried about it just call again and make the situation really clear .
you do not need to back up media files or app data . they are in device 's internal storage . if you are performing a factory reset these datas wont be erased unless you select Erase Internal Storage when performing a factory reset . if you still need to backup the media files or app data , connect your xperia s to a pc and backup the files in the pc .
yes you can , you will need to create a different " calendar " ( probably " tag " would be a better name , but that is google 's terms for it ) . creating a calendar ( do this from the desktop , i did not found a way to do it from android 's calendar app ; do anyone know ? ) : go to http://www.google.com/calendar . look for the " my calendars " box on the left , click on " add " fill in the information , and click create calendar . you can change the color later from " my calendars " box , by clicking on the triangular button . adding events to calendar ( can be done from android ) : on the " create new event " view , choose the calendar you have just made from " calendar " combobox .
ok , this is indeed a setting which is determined by the carrier . it can be changed ( at least on gsm networks , according to this tech recipes article ) , using an mmi code ( man-machine interface code ) . here 's the procedure that worked for me : on your android phone , go to your phone app , dial *#61# , and hit the call button . android should briefly display " mmi code started " . then , it should display your current voicemail number and the delay time . note down the voicemail number since you will need to enter this in next . next , go to your phone app and then the keypad . now dial this number from the keypad to change the time your phone will ring before it goes to voicemail : **61*1yyyYYYyyyy*11*xx# . . . and then hit the call button . in the above code , you will put your voicemail number where the yYs are and the time delay in seconds for the xxs . once you hit call , it will give confirmation as to whether it was successful or not . delay is in five second increments with the maximum being 30 seconds ( ie . 5 , 10 , 15 , 20 , 25 , 30 secs ) . so for example , if my voicemail number is 555-444-5555 and i want to set it to the maximum 30 seconds , i would dial this on my android phone 's keypad : **61*15554445555*11*30# apparently , this will work for at and t , t-mobile , and any other gsm / sim card carrier and may work on other phones besides android devices . personally i am in the uk and so my voicemail number starts +44 , so my mmi code to change the voicemail timeout was more like this : **61*+447890123123*11*20# it worked perfectly for me , and set the voicemail timeout to 20 seconds .
according to this question on stack overflow iptables is available in android source distribution . users of retail android devices cannot access iptables binary . even android os itself cannot access that binary . this is hard-coded in android . many devices also do not have iptables at all . the only way to access iptables binary is to build your own android images . check out http://randomizedsort.blogspot.com/2010/08/building-android-and-linux-kernel-for.html . once you get comfortable with that process , check out http://randomizedsort.blogspot.com/2011/03/porting-iptables-1410-to-android.html . iptables is a default module in aosp , you can use netfilter to write c code to handle that . for example , you can create an android project , and write a jni file , use ndk-build to compile that , and then adb push the executable to the android file system to execute . and in the mobile end , you can adb shell to it , directly use iptables command as a root user , just like in linux . to check if your device supports iptables : issue the following command in adb shell or in terminal emulator : iptables -L -t nat  alternatively you could try the beta of ip tables app on google play to see if it does what you want . there is also droid wall that you could try . it supports scripts that may help , e.g. $IPTABLES -A "droidwall" --destination "192.168.0.1" -j RETURN 
try this 1 . settings > tap home screen mode > select standard mode 2 . tap apply and reboot .
there is no such thing as an " i747 t999" . the i747 is the model used by at and t . there is no relevant difference between the i747 and the i747m used by bell and telus , or the i747r used by rogers . they are identical as far as software or repairs are concerned . the t999 is a different model used by t-mobile , wind mobile , and possibly others . the only real difference is the supported frequency bands , though this means they are not intercompatible for roms . casings are identical , as are common parts like the camera or screen . i would presume that by " i747 t999" , they mean the part is compatible with both the i747 model and the t999 model , which it should be , as the physical form of them is identical .
solved ( at least layar is not being showed as installed anymore ) . on this site i found that i could also remove the /data/app/com.layar.apk file . i did it and now i have +8mb of free space on my galaxy .
make a backup of your data first . every folder and file in the /sdcard/data directory is 0 bytes . this looks like a corrupted filesystem or a defective sdcard ( see correction ) . especially , folders have a usual minimum size of 4.0k . i would suggest you to back up your data first , then check for errors : does " dmesg " show filesystem errors on mmcblk0 or similar ? if so try to backup , reformat sdcard ( see correction ) and restore or replace the faulty sdcard . ( edit ) correction : the galaxy nexus has no sdcard but a unified ext4 filesystem for /data that also includes /sdcard ( which is symlinked to /data/media ) . you might solve the problem with a wipe . but that will also delete all of your /sdcard content too . you might have luck entering recovery and adb'ing into it to fsck . ext4 your /data partition , i am however not sure if your rom supports this command <code> # boot to recovery first ! adb shell cat /proc/partitions # look for the biggest one and replace the ? ? accordingly fsck . ext4 /dev/block/mmcblk ? ? ? </code> here 's an external report about a similar issue : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1541379
you need to get this information from your university . ask the it department to walk you through it or just give you the necessary information . from what you have said : email accounts are provided by microsoft . seems to me they are using exchange in a windows domain ( i could be wrong ) . therefore , you will need a server link , domain name , username , and password . also , on a separate note , you should do some research on how email works and email protocols ( pop3 , imap , smtp , exchange , gmail , and so on ) . here 's a helpful link : email protocols : pop , imap and mapi
https://support.google.com/hangouts/answer/3118600?hl=en this does not work ? i have not tried it , because i do not have hangouts on my phone . edit 1 sign out of hangouts tip : if you don’t want to receive notifications , enable snooze notifications . touch menu > ​ settings > touch your google account > scroll to the bottom and touch sign out .
your device is in download mode . i do not have that device , but if the battery does not come out , you will probably need to use adb and send an adb reboot to get it out of download mode . if you do not know how to use adb , then you can just let the battery die . i do not like that option though because the same image will be on the screen for an extended period of time . does the screen look like this : to use adb : download the usb drivers from samsung download the android sdk connect the device to your computer via usb cable open a command prompt where the android sdk was installed and change to the platform-tools directory . for example , my sdk is installed at c:\android-sdk so i run the following : c:\android-sdk> cd platform-tools then try to reboot with adb : C:\android-sdk\platform-tools\&gt; adb reboot  if that does not work try the following command : C:\android-sdk\platform-tools\&gt; fastboot reboot 
the sim card is not capable of managing complex records . due to its limited storage , it only holds one phone number per contact , and also misses other details . so when your " old phone " allowed for multiple phone numbers with one contact while storing the data on sim , it must somehow have used multiple contacts , and displayed them in a kind of " merge view " ( had it used some own format to achieve this , your sim contacts would have become incompatible with other devices , so that approach is unlikely ) . while that would be doable on android as well , it is not a standard for good reasons : how to tell which contacts to merge ? by their name ? there might be multiple " john smith " entries , not necessarily pointing to the very same person . as long as there is no standard defined , implementations might differ and thus leading to different results – which is the most likely reason it is not done at all .
from what you said in the comments above , there is a way to change the text colour and the icon colours along with the colour / transparency of the status bar . it requires a rooted phone unfortunately but once rooted download wanam xposed from the play store here is a link wanam xposed work 's on samsung android 4.2+ so you should not have any issues once this is installed it will ask you to install the xposed framework , do not be alarmed it is required and will not harm your phone . once the framework is installed you will be prompted to enable wanam xposed from the new xposed installer , if not you can simply click on xposed installer , click modules and wanam xposed should appear and check the checkbox . now go on wanam xposed , note everytime you make a change it will only appear after a reboot ! you can now go on theme and click either background color ( or colour as it should be : ) ) and this will enable you to select a colour for the status bar , or you can click on the following circle battery color stock battery text color signal icons color clock and date color status bar icons color ( remaining icons ) each of these will change the icons instead of the status bar background colour hope this helps !
as you are rooted : wireless network data are stored in data/misc/wifi/wpa_supplicant.conf -- so you could basically copy all its network entries from one device and insert them on the other . the entries look like network={ ssid="Telekom" key_mgmt=NONE priority=42 }  an easier way would be using the app wlan backup and recovery ( root ) : backup all entries on one device , and restore them on the other . as you can see in below screenshot , the tool can even send the backup by mail -- so transfer to the other device should be easy : but reading the comments on this app suggests it does not always work as expected : users even recommend to use the manual way i described above . another option is using titanium backup , and restore the wifi data on the other device . i did that successfully a couple of times , also cross-device and cross-rom . third option is offered by the app wifi passwords ( about usd 1 ) , which allows you to share networks .
first are you talking about storing the music on your android device or on the google servers ? if you are planning on streaming music to your device from the google music play servers then you can not store your music in a lossless format see this page about formats on google play music , and notice this line : flac , ogg , and aac files are transcoded to 320kbps mp3 however , if you want to store the music locally on your device then your question makes more sense . there are a few ways to put alac music on your android device in flac keep your library in alac and convert songs to flac as you want them . then move the new flac files to your device . a program like max should be able to handle the conversion for you . convert all of your alac files to flac in place and then use fluke to enable flac playback support in itunes . what option you select depends on how much you like to keep your os free of plugins like fluke and how ofter you are moving music to and from your device .
if you are literally sitting at the bootloader screen , the volume buttons will scroll between boot options and the power button will select . simply use the volume buttons until it has " start " selected and then press the power button to select it . this will boot your device normally . if for some reason it is stuck at the bootloader and will not accept input , removing the battery should be fine provided that you are not in the middle of executing a fastboot command of some kind . note that if you are getting a response of &lt;waiting for device&gt; from fastboot that it is not doing anything on the phone 's side . that means that it cannot communicate with the phone , and as such the bootloader itself is basically idle at that point . since you noted in a comment that you were concerned about the bootloader erasing things : the bootloader process in and of itself does not do this . the purpose of the bootloader is to allow you to boot into various different modes of the phone ( such as recovery and a normal boot ) . in the pc world a bootloader is often used to dual boot two different operating systems , with the bootloader menu being what allows a user to select which os they want . the only time that your data will be erased is when you execute the fastboot oem unlock or fastboot oem lock commands or if you explicitly erase a partition in some other way ( fastboot erase , for example ) . simply booting into your bootloader does not affect your data in any way .
i hope someone comes up with a different solution : as far as i can tell , the solution presented in the answer by al everett , does not work . my work around : i have created a folder called ' inbox server ' on the exchange and set up a filter to move all incoming mails from inbox to ' inbox server ' . since the sync only syncs the inbox folder by default , effectively , no exchange emails are synced now . but if anyone else has another solution or comments , please let them know . i will be glad to read them .
/cache partition is mostly for saving the downloads from google play store , found in /cache/downloads . it also can hold the recovery log found in /cache/recovery called last_log as well ( this holds any errors and/or diagnostics from the recovery binary a lá cwm or stock , which will get logged in the file to aid debugging and development of the recovery binary ) . there is also another directory in there called lost+found which holds any recovered files ( if any ) as a result of file-system corruption , such as incorrectly removing the sdcard without un-mounting it . so really , there is no loss of data from clearing it . in fact , upon android boot-up , the script will clear out the /cache/downloads to make way for any new downloads/updates from google play store .
the least tricky way is : take your 2gb card out of the device , put it into a card reader , and attach that to your computer copy all contents from the card to an empty directory on your computer safely remove the card reader , replace the 2gb card by the newer , bigger one , and attach that to the computer copy the contents of the directory from step 2 . to the new card safely remove that card again , and place it into your android device when in doubt about the hidden stuff , use linux for the copy process . you can even boot it from a livecd . from a terminal command , use cp -R /path/to/source/* /path/to/target . on the other hand , if using windows and you can see the files/directories starting with a dot ( watch out e.g. for the .android_secure directory ) , they should be copied along fine . see also : how do i switch my android device 's sd card without causing problems ? changing sd card just a simple copy and paste app2sd - changing the sd card how to upgrade / swap sd card without losing data and installed apps ?
let me see if i understand you : [Router] &lt;--Wifi--&gt; [Phone] &lt;--USB tether --&gt; [PC]  if this is your setup , then what is happening is the phone is acting like a router . it has multiple ways to connect to the internet ( 3g and wifi ) and it does not simply bridge the connection for the pc . instead it does the same thing that your router does , which is nat , or network address translation . basically , you have two networks : the network that is connected to the router , and the network that is connected to the phone 's usb port ( which has only one machine on it ) . there is probably no easy way to port-forward from your router to your pc in this configuration . the phone is its own computer ; it is not a wifi-adapter , even though your pc sees it as just a network device .
i do not think there is a way to disable market update notifications for a single app right now . in order to disable update notifications for all apps in the market , open the market app , press the menu button , choose settings . in the notification drop down , select do not notify me .
i also have the safe device and had faced the same problem . i have two wonderful solutions : 1 ) use link2sd . this app moves your app 's apk , lib and dex file to second partition of you sd card . it will leave only the data files in the internal memory . so you can install nearly five times the more apps . i have a blog post if you want to try it out . 2 ) use sueprnova rom . this rom is the stock rom with data2sd support . so you can even use 2gb of sd space as internal memory . both of this solution requires you to have a better class of sd card .
the serendipity rom only contains camera . apk and camerafirmware . apk . i would think that the version you are trying to copy over is being renamed by the system on reboot and the original camera . apk is being restored . what i would try : get the non-cwm version of the camera . apk and put it on your sd card on your phone , use root explorer or similar to mount /system/app/ as rw rename /system/app/Camera.apk to camera . bak or something copy in the new apk from the sd card remount /system/app/ as ro , you may want to make sure /system/ is ro as well try to use the camera . if it works , reboot and see if it still works .
digging into the packagemanagerservice class on grepcode ( warning : this class file is huge , your browser may chug a fair bit when rendering it ) , the optimizing message is displayed in the following context : here the value of com.android.internal.R.string.android_upgrading_apk is the string " optimizing application " . in layman 's terms , it loops through each application on the device , updates the message on the screen by calling showBootMessage() and then calls performDexOptLI() on the application . so naturally , the next question is " what does performDexOptLI() do ? " well here 's what that looks like : so this invokes the dexopt utility on all of the applications that need it . it is difficult to find any simple documentation regarding dexopt , but there is a high-level overview here . suffice it to say , it is being used by the just in time ( jit ) compiler to create optimized . dex files that help improve the performance of the apps on your device and it outputs them into the vm cache . the reason it stores the . dex files in the cache is because otherwise it would have to re-extract them any time you want to run the app ( the . apk is just an archive , it is not an executable file ! ) . thus , it makes sense to just keep them in the /data/dalivk-cache directory to reuse them , and dexopt performs some optimizations during the initial extraction while it is at it . tl ; dr ( or non-programmer summary , i guess ) : it is rebuilding the dalvik cache .
es datei explorer is more than just a simple file explorer . it offers a bunch of additional features , which explain most of the permissions you have listed . i am using this app for years already and can assure you : it never abused any of the permissions ( especially i never saw it making " phone calls " , and yes , i supervise such things ) . but for the things you list : storage : what do you thing where your files are , um , stored ? all file managers access the " storage " . otherwise they could not write there , so you could not copy/move files . phone calls : this is a permission group , not the permission COST_CALL itself . the only permission from that group which es file accesses is read phone status and identity . so it can detect whether there is an incoming/outgoing/ongoing call ( and see the remote number ) , as well as check your device 's id ( imsi ) . not sure what for the app needs this , though . network communication : this app can also access the network ( feature list : remote file manager ) . so you can e.g. use it to copy files from/to your computer , e.g. using windows shares ( also known as samba , smb , cifs ) . a feature i really enjoy quite often . so nothing bad about this ! system tools : again a permission group . here the app requests : modify system settings , connect and disconnect from wi-fi , set wallpaper , install shortcuts , uninstall shortcuts , access bluetooth settings , prevent phone from sleeping . all mentioned permissions are explainable from the app 's feature list , though the " modify system settings* is a little unclear . hardware controls : once more a permission group . only used permission here is control vibration . so no danger from that , either . so the point is to look behind those " permission groups " what permissions are really requested by an app , and cross-check that with its features . if something 's unclear : ask , as you did : ) " better save than sorry " is a good attitude ! if you are still concerned , and rather want a more minimalistic solution ( as you do not need all those features ) , there are plenty alternatives . but i personally can warmly recommend you this app , from my own experience : it is easy to use , and never let me down in years . no " permission abuse " either .
i had bad luck with any " cheap " cards that i ever bought . they usually end up being " off brands " , and some of the slowest performing . the cheap ones usually do not even mention the class rating , which means they are probably a class 2 , or worse . i never had them fail in the short time you seen , but they did fail , and after 2 cheap cards failed on me in my android device , i spent the extra couple bucks and went with a " name brand " class 6 ( i could not even find a class 10 when i bought it ) . i have had this card for almost 3 years now , it has moved between 3 different android devices in that time , and has seen its share of custom android roms flashed to the host device . not to mention it even had a time , before froyo , it was partitioned to with 1gb ext4 partition to act as an " extension " of the devices internal storage , and even swap at one point on my adp1 . i have had zero problems with it .
turns out you can forward all traffic over the network by entering 0.0.0.0/0 you can then check by doing a google search for your ip and it should now be the public ip of your vpn 's gateway
this is not built-in functionality , but it is something you could achieve with a trigger/event app such as tasker . this kind of app runs in the background , and lets you configure certain actions to take ( such as turning off the ringer ) when certain events occur ( such as seeing a particular wi-fi network ) . tasker 's not the only such app , but it is very complete and has some users who contribute to this site , which means that if you have questions setting it up you can probably get them answered here . see tasker .
it is possible that the usb cable is designed for charging only ( i.e. . not a data cable ) , or is of poor quality . off-topic : although not a usb cable , i have encountered otg cables that could not detect a usb drive . in this case , it was a poor ( or defective ) otg cable ; other cables were able to detect the usb drive . related posts ( external ) : all micro usb cables are not created equal ?
powering off and back on restored the 3x3 picture size . . . makes no sense , but it worked .
the skype application description in the market lists the list of devices that supports video calling . as of skype 2.5.0.108 , video calling is supported on these tablets : samsung galaxy tab 7 ( wifi , verizon , sprint , plus ) htc flyer samsung galaxy tab 10.1 ( t-mobile ) acer iconia tablet ( a500 ) motorola xoom acer iconia smart devices that are not listed may still be able to do video calling , but skype says that the video quality may not be as good as on supported devices . check out skype 's application description page for the latest list of supported devices .
i think what you want is the my orders page . this is reachable from the play store web site by under the " gear " menu in the upper right . i see all of the things i have purchased from google play , including apps , music , etc . for what it is worth , there does not appear to be a way to get a list of your orders from within the play store app . however , i do see a list of transactions in my google wallet app , although admittedly they are not all necessarily from the play store .
power on wol enabled bios : in order to power up the remote host , you first have to enable wol in his bios . the way you have to do this will vary from motherboard to motherboard , sou you will have to figure it out by your self , or ask google for some help . remote host cable connected to router application capable of sending magic packets to remote . host 's macadress at the moment i am using woldroid wol wake on lan on remote . host execute : ifconfig  detect your remote . host 's ehternet board usualy eth0 and save the hw adress value xx:xx:xx:xx:xx:xx:xx enter that number when woldroid asks you for a mac adress . and your done . now you are able to powerup remotely power off 1 . prepare the remote host : remote host with ubuntu 12.04 create your private and public key files to follow these steps you will have to access your remote host , physically , or using another computer . i will describe this as if you have physical access to the remote . host open a command window and install the ssh protocol : sudo apt-get install ssh  create public and private keys using ssh-key-gen ssh-keygen  you should save the generated key in : /home/yourusername/.ssh/id_rsa  press enter twice to leave the passphrase empty . now copy the id_rsa . pub to your ~/ . ssh/authorized_keys file with this command : ssh-copy-id -i ~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub remote.host  now you have to be able to execute the sudo shutdown -p 0 with no password . modify /etc/sudoers on remote . host with visudo that way user " yourusername " can execute the shutdown command with no password asked . run : sudo visudo  by running visudo , it leads to edit /etc/sudoers . add the line below to that file . yourusername ALL = NOPASSWD: /sbin/shutdown  now we are able to access remotely , and shutdown without passwords asked . 2 . prepare your android connect your android to the remote host and with your file explorer copy the id_rsa file located in ~/ . ssh/ folder to the android 's sd card . disconnect your android from the remote host install a ssh client program . ( ex . connectbot ) open connect bot and go to manage pubkeys > import and select the key you copied later . go back to connect bot 's main scren and select the ssh protocol from the list and enter loginname@remote.host . notice that it creates a line in the main screen with the data you input . push it for a couple of seconds and select edit host . select Use pubkey authentication and select id_rsa on Post-login automation write sudo shutdown -P 0 go back to you the main screen of connect bot and we are done ! now you can turn on and shutdown a remote . host : )
this problem was fixed when i flashed custom roms . it came with its own can of worms . . but still . .
if its dropping your data connection , why have not you uninstalled it already ? seriously , there are things you can do with stock applications to improve your battery life , like turning off wifi , gps , data connection manually , all of which can be down easily with the power control widget . also , i noticed that there is a beta version of the app that is noted as being frequently unstable . is this the version you are using ? if so , buyer beware .
backup your apps using astro file manager or mybackuppro or titanium backup . then perform a factory reset to wipe everything . finally , from the backups , restore the apps , but not the data . ( most backup apps allow you to do this . ) be warned that some apps store data on the storage card , so a fresh install might still pick up the old data off your sd card . be sure to erase your sd card too .
i have found that cyanogenmod has something like this , but i did not really want to install that just for easier volume controls . i found that there is an xposed module called gravitybox that includes this . it included a lot of other stuff that i did not care about too , but thankfully someone extracted this specific feature and repackaged it as expandablevolume . i installed that , and it works great now ! ! example 1 example 2
summarized answer : the main issue your facing is that you are using smartassv2/ondemandx that was developed for stock kernels . but you are using it with a non stock kernel , the cyanogenmod 7.2 . see bellow a summary for each of them . useful reading : a beginner’s guide to android kernels smartassv2/ondemandx governors stock kernel is the factory firmware . if you are using smartassv2/ondemandx governors , they are modules for phones with stock kernels because they do not have ' smartass ' or ondemandx ' governors : xda developers forum :: smartassv2/ondemandx governors for rooted/stock rom | 2012-02-24 last updated : by andyx ; 16th may 2012 at 07:47 am . this modules are for people with stock kernels because they do not have ' smartass ' or ondemandx ' governors . differences between this modules and build in stock kernels : allows to set max cpu freq when screen is off ( to save battery ) , allows to set starting cpu freq when phone awakes ( to speed up awake process ) , allows set/change almost all aspects of governor ( to suite needs ) , should be a bit more responsive when parameters are well chosen for smartassv2 governor . cyanogenmod 7.2.0-rc1 the current cyanogenmod 7.2.0-rc1 u8160 port status is stable , but there are some known issues reported . already fixed reboot related issues : v0.9 ( 20120203 ) : hotfix 4test5 [ 21 feb ] : revert longterm patches due to random reboot issue . v0.7 - 22 january 2012: kernel stability fix ( disabled sched_hrtick due to instability/random reboot issue ) . note : check your version . the latest is v1.3 released at 2012-06-25 . use the link bellow to get detailed information about the development and what users are reporting . if you have got a version above v0.9 , consider reporting your issue , thus allowing the developer to deal with it . if your version is not the latest , consider changing to it . xda developers forum :: huawei u8160/u8180 cyanogenmod 7.2.0-rc1 u8160 port latest release : v1.3 last updated : by psyke83 ; 25th june 2012 at 01:57 pm . thread responses : 3830
all you really need to to is enable usb debugging in the device settings and plug in the device . as long as you have eclipse , adt plugin and the android sdk installed , which you do if you have been using emulators , you should be good to go . eclipse will automatically use the device when it is plugged in and no emulators are running , unless you have told it not to . if you are using windows , you may have to install the device vendor 's usb drivers ; if so , windows should prompt you about this when you plug in a device with usb debugging enabled . the android training class building your first app will walk you through all of these steps with a sample application .
according to steve kondik , this is essentially old code that is leftover from older versions of cyanogenmod : this was only here for apps that were statically linked against uclibc in old cm versions . it can likely just be removed . however , he also goes on to note : also , this file is not written when connecting to a network as /system is readonly . the actual dns servers are read from system properties . i also just verified that the dhcp supplied servers are actually being used , so this issue is invalid unless someone proves otherwise . so the values in /etc/resolv.conf actually do not reflect your dns settings . what you can do instead is use getprop to find your dns values . you can pare it down rather nicely if you grep the output like so : getprop | grep dns  also worth noting : the /etc/resolv.conf file appears to have been removed completely in later versions of cyanogenmod . i do not have one on cm10 at all , but getprop does correctly show my dns settings .
multiple triggers are supported on automateit pro : http://automateitapp.com/index.php/user-guide-2/composite-triggers-actions-pro-version-only/ as of version 3.0.54 ( released on feb 2013 ) , you can unlock pro features from within the free version . read here how to unlock features : http://automateitapp.com/new-release-rich-notification-unlock-pro-features-and-more/
this is definitely due incompatibilites between the ril and the baseband/modem firmware . the ril or the radio-interface layer are the libraries ( shared-objects ) that allow the phone to talk with the modem firmware . i found this issue on the cyanogemod jira : https://jira.cyanogenmod.org/browse/cyan-2172 if you read the comments , you will see that people have solved this issue by flashing a compatible firmware . since i am now running cyanogenmod 11 , i dug around xda and found a leaked 4.4 firmware for my device . it was packed in a cwm-flashable zip so i flashed it and voila . please remember to backup your device , your current modem/baseband and the ril files . flashing a new ril is not necessary always but helps .
blinkfeed—an aggregator of news and social network content [ . . . ] blinkfeed will always occupy the leftmost page of the home screen . the default blinkfeed home screen of htc sense 5 ( wikipedia : htc one ) to explain the second line : by default , there will only be two home screen panels out of the box : a " blinkfeed " page and a classic android home screen on the right . this explanation is taken from htc one software hands-on : sense 5 , blinkfeed , sense tv and new sync manager ( engadget ) , where blinkfeed is further described : this is simply a flipboard-like tile interface that sits permanently on the main home page . created in collaboration with mobiles republic , this tool pulls in content from various publications and social networks ( twitter , plurk , linkedin , flickr , zoe share and more ) , as well as your calendar and tv shows from the tv app ( more on that later ) . you will not be seeing emails here , as htc positions blinkfeed as a place for more ambient info rather than critical updates . regardless , the feed can be customized to suit your needs , though the first version will not let you add custom rss feeds just yet . read more in the linked articles themselves .
enable USB debugging from Settings-&gt;Applications-&gt;Development . install superoneclick on your pc . connect the phone to the pc via usb . run superoneclick and click Root .
they are stored in /mnt/shell/emulated/  i have just created a restricted profile and it created a new folder in there with the name "10" , the main admin users folder is "0" . you should be able to copy the files into the relevant place within these folders to get mine craft to pick them up . ( this was done on the 2012 nexus 7 but i do not think it will be any different )
is your usb debugging mode enabled ? go to Settings-&gt;Applications-&gt;Development , and check the " usb debugging " mode . this will help the adb detect your device . you may refer to the android developer documentation : using hardware devices for further information and details .
synopsis titanium backup , is the most popular tool for everybody , not just for rom flashers , its for everybody , due to a large number of features such as : backing up user apps and their data all backups are saved on the sd-card ( really , i should be calling this external storage to future proof this answer as sd-card readers are in favour of getting dropped ) the capability to store up to fifty backups extract data from a cwm recovery image ( via cwm 's backup within recovery ) freeze an app , and put it into a state of " suspension " such that , it gets removed from the app drawer temporarily . schedule backups on a regular automatic basis or via a widget , and by tapping on the widget , titanium backup will perform the backup . there is far too much that you can do with it . what is this titanium backup you speak of , in plain english ? think of this as a " time machine " application , where a backup is instigated , to backup user applications and their application data , and then can " revert " back in case of unforseen circumstances or . . . playing angry birds , and got to a euphoric state of delight in getting the high score , and decided to backup angry birds and the high-score data in place , " just in case " a foul-up is made . the tool is often used heavily by rom flashers , have aosp gingerbread , decide to go to aosp jb , backup the apps etc , flash the new aosp jb , and restore the apps . astute readers will point out a vital step that i left out , where does the titanium backup come from then , the answer is quite simple , every time there is a new update to the titanium backup in which google play automatically updates , first things first , instinctively , always , i do the following , launch titanium backup hit ' menu ' , tap on ' more ' finally , tap on ' create " update . zip " ' select ' titaniumbackup-w . x.y. zip ' under the heading titled , ' select the name of the output file : ' ( latest version , is 5.6.0 ) the zip file is created and saved onto the /sdcard/TitaniumBackup-5.6.0.zip , so , its ' just a matter of adb pull on that file , unzip it , and install on to a newly flashed rom , for example , in this case , aosp jb , via the adb install method . then from there , after installing it , titanium backup will simply re-load the archived information about the backups already in place on the sd-card . the full information wiki can be found here on the developer 's website , if any further information is required . also take a look at our titanium tag .
short answer you cannot do that without having your device rooted , as the file permissions will not allow you to list contents there . you will be able to change into /data/data , but you will not see a single thing there . longer explanation while one might be able to access /data/data without root ( i.e. . change into that directory ) , permissions are set to forbid listing its contents : this is what happens on a device without root ( output created just now on my cat stargate 2 running android 4.1.1 ) . repeating the same on my htc wildfire running cm9 ( android 4.0.4 ) and having root access enabled looks a little different , and should give us the wanted details ( output cut to the necessary stuff ) : adb shell root@android:/ # ls -l /data drwxrwx--x system system 2013-02-27 02:01 data  as it is clearly shown , /data/data is owned by the user system group system , with this user and group being the only having full read/write/execute access . everybody else only has execute permission , enabling all processes to change into that directory . this is necessary for the apps to access their data : they know their package names , and such an app named com.foo.bar can directly jump to /data/data/com.foo.bar which it owns and has full access to .
i got solution : i just clean battery node and it is work .
some network-branded devices use a virtual cd-rom device to supply their own tethering software . if your phone 's tethering is not restricted and the device created is empty , i would say it is safe to ignore it .
this turns out to be more complicated than just the amperage rating of the power adapter . this xda post says that the tablet itself may ' step down ' to 0.5a charging if it cannot detect the right support in the usb host . there are some additional details in this post but i do not grok them . that thread led me to this slashdot comment which seems very useful and knowledgeable . if i understand the story correctly , unless the tablet can negotiate with the host device , the amount of power it can draw is limited . a physical " hack " ( now part of a usb standard ) in the adapter can make it clear to the usb client ( the tablet ) that there is no host device ( its a wall wart ) , so it can charge faster . without the hack , the device is limited in the amperage it can use . more details on the usb charing spec are on wikipedia . i just verified some of this with my samsung galaxy tab 10.1 and the no-name 2a usb wall charger i have . if i plug my tablet into this " unapproved " usb adapter , then i get a little red " x " on the battery charge indicator in the system tray . additionally , i get the " media scanner running . . . " alert ( which i think means that the tablet thinks it might be connected to a computer ) . i cannot tell at what rate ( 2.5ma , 500ma , 2a , etc ) the tablet is actually charging at , though . if i plug the tablet into the ' approved ' wall wart , i get no such red " x " , nor any " media scanner " alerts . all that said , in practice , i have found that the tablet will charge up on my no-name usb adapter . i am not sure if that is because i tend to turn the screen off ( and i do not have 3g ) , and thus the power draw of the sleeping tablet is less than the 500ma , or if its actually getting the full 2a . i think the upshot is that any reputable wall charger or anything labeled as " compatible " with an iphone or ipad will probably support the usb charging spec , and thus will fast-charge a samsung galaxy tab . but i am just guessing . it would be nice if there was an official usb logo or label for chargers that supported this mode . . .
what the phone 's essentially asking you here is , do you want to use only 2g data networks , only 3g data networks , or automatically switch between them depending which is best ? the gsm setting will give you access to 2g ( and 2.5g ) data networks using gprs or edge data standards and speeds . wcdma will give you access to 3g networks ( using either normal 3g or hsdpa standards and speeds ) . the normal setting would be auto , which lets the phone automatically select the best ( normally fastest ) data network that it can pick up in the area that you are currently in , but as this involves using all the 2g and 3g chips and antennae this uses more power than forcing the phone to always use one or the other . the downside to picking gsm is that it will stop your phone connecting to high speed 3g data networks , but will save power as the 3g ( wcdma ) chips and antenna will not be used . the downside to picking wcdma is that it will stop your phone from using 2g networks at all ( so if you are in an area with no 3g support , then your phone will have no data signal ) but if you are in an area that you know has good 3g signal , then selecting this will save power .
it seems that on{x} was indeed causing this , no logs show in sd card anymore since i have uninstalled the application .
apparently not . ( having questions without accepted answers just bothers me )
if you really just want to remove it ( which , fair warning , may cause problems with the system ; i have no idea ) you can : use adb to delete the . apk file : adb shell rm /system/app/Camera.apk . you may need to first elevate to root ( adb shell and then su from the shell ) . use titanium backup to uninstall it a potentially safer route that people take is to use titanium backup pro to " freeze " the app , causing it to essentially act as though it is uninstalled without actually removing it ( so it can be " defrosted " later if needed ) . this does require the pro version , though .
where are you hearing this ? the nexus s can absolutely support video chat , it has a front-facing camera . whether a video chat app supports the nexus s is a different question . google talk is supposed to support video chat in honeycomb , hopefully it will be released for gingerbread and support the nexus s as well . the nexus s can not take hd video due to software restrictions , from everything i have read ( example ) . i think it just was not prioritized since the nexus s is a " developer phone " . ( if you meant to ask if it can play hd video the answer is yes , depending on the format and such ) .
android apps are not binaries . they are . apk 's , similar to java . jar files , and . dex or . odex files when in bytecode form . they are run in the dalvik virtual machine , again very similar to a java vm . you can launch an app from a shell as follows : am start -a android.intent.action.MAIN -n &lt;package name&gt;/&lt;activity name&gt;  for example , angry birds : am start -a android.intent.action.MAIN -n com.rovio.angrybirds/com.rovio.ka3d.app  the name of the activity is found in the androidmanifest . xml file inside the . apk under //manifest/application/activity/@name . for google voice there are quite a few activities , and you may need to use other intents . i do not have sl4a . you can also disable apps temporarily with this : pm disable &lt;package name&gt;  and re-enable : pm enable &lt;package name&gt; 
yay , the phone boots again . here 's the magic recipe . Boot into recovery. adb shell mkdir /data/s mount -o rw -t yaffs2 /dev/block/mtdblock3 /data/s chmod 755 /data/s/xbin/busybox Reboot the phone.  my shell is back . there is a weird quirk now - ls ( from the busybox , one assumes ) thinks adb is an ansi terminal and tries to emit ansi escape sequences . still , yay .
as far as i know , nandroid uses the yaffs2 file system for storing backups inside the . img files . a quick search on google points to these instructions on extracting files from a nandroid backup : first you will need to download and build the " unyaffs " module : svn checkout http://unyaffs.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ unyaffs cd unyaffs gcc -o unyaffs unyaffs.c  then copy the image file off your phone 's nandroid directory and extract it : mkdir data &amp;&amp; cd data ~/src/android/unyaffs/unyaffs /[path-to-backup-folder]/data.img 
this was supposedly fixed several months ago , but people are still reporting problems . i can read items on the card , but do not have write permission . to fix it , i combined strategies from a few sources . partition card with ms-dos partition table and ext4 filesystem . i used gparted on my ( linux ) desktop computer . insert the card into your phone . ( you will probably not have write access now . ) open the terminal emulator , installed by default in cyanogenmod . type in the following ( i recommend wifi keyboard for large blocks of text ) . give the emulator root privileges when it requests them . the $ and # indicate prompts , so do not type them in . $ su # chown media_rw:media_rw /mnt/media_rw/sdcard1 # chmod g+w /mnt/media_rw/sdcard1  this changes the sd card 's permissions . the owner and group change from system to media_rw , and it also gives the group write access .
i found a workaround . by clicking new call button , i am able to type new number and execute service codes .
after doing some additional research i finally came across a youtube video on how to bypass a samsung galaxy s continuum activation screen . the steps outlined in the video are very simple : from the activation screen select emergency call . enter the following *#83786633 which will disappear when you press the last 3 a toast with the text Softkey is enabled will appear then press the home button
no , you do not need anything unique . while it comes with something specific - it can charge off a usb in your computer ( or the wall outlet -> usb ) . ( source : i have the 2012 one ) sounds like you have other issues such as : bad/obstructed usb header - visually check the usb on your nexus for physical damage or blocks ( dust , debris , lint , etc ) bad usb cable - try an alternative cable or verify that cable in other devices if possible . there are complaints of the 2013 nexus 7 , mostly related to odd behaviors with touch . perhaps this could be another manifestation . . . though i somewhat doubt it . if you clarify further , that may help your cause : did it ever work normally - if so , has anything changed between then and now ( rooting , custom rom , etc ) ? what came in the box with it ? what did the manual tell you ? what else have you tried ? what do you mean " what is the deal with these android tablets ? " - have you found other evidence of issues or reported complaints ?
this has happened many times to me , and every time it has been a bad cable . if you have one , try finding another usb cable to test it with , and see if it works . often some connection goes bad in the cable just from use and wear and it will only charge and refuses to transmit data . the other possibility ( this is known to be a problem with the evo 4gs , but i do not think i have heard of it on the galaxy s ) is that the usb port on your phone has been damaged or gone bad . this happened to my dad 's phone ( evo ) and they sent him a replacement . let us know what happens after you try a new cable !
not that i am aware of . presumably you could create an application that listened to the mic all the time and triggered it ( voice search ) on a certain phrase , but as voice to text is done " in the cloud " it would require a huge amount of data to go back and forth to accomplish this . one shudders to think of the implications on non-unlimited data plans , not to mention what it would do to your battery life . many phones launch voice serach when you press the button on a bluetooth headset . ymmv , try connecting a bluetooth headset and see what happens when you press the button . another forum thread about launching search from a headset
in case anybody else is having the issue still , my phone recently picked up the gingerbread release . this appears to have resolved the problem .
unless you have apps installed on the sd card , nothing on it should be permanent/critical . any app that always relies on sd data being present is written badly . there may be some data you want to keep backed up , but that is up to you . it is impossible to say what will happen if you format the card and stick it back in empty , since it depends on every individual app . but generally speaking the apps should continue as if they had never written anything to the card in the first place . if an app misbehaves then clearing the data should fix it .
from your home screen , under Menu-&gt;Settings-&gt;Accounts&amp;sync-&gt;Facebook you can uncheck Contacts . obviously , this will stop your phone contacts from syncing to facebook , but after you get the list the first time , the only thing that really updates is the pictures , so disabling it should take care of it : )
one way is to ask the developer via the contact information provided in the application 's google play page . where an application or game has a free- or paid-version , you could just try the free version . unless it is stated in the description that the paid version actually supports higher resolutions , it is usually a safe assumption that if the free version looks a certain way , the paid version will look similar . a final way is to simply buy the application and try it within the 15 minute refund period . if you are not pleased with the way the application or game is formatted for your screen , simply refund it . keep in mind , though , that you are only allowed to refund an app once . if you re-install it after refunding , you will no longer have the option to refund and will be billed immediately .
did you use the " refresh " option in the google play music app ? you can find it in the action bar menu . another possibility is a wrong file type . here is a list of supported file types : https://support.google.com/googleplay/answer/1100462?hl=en
it seems there is a problem with google play . please take a look at the issue tracker .
in my experience , bluetooth tethering ( using bluetooth garden ) has been problematic . it disconnects too often , or can not open certain sites . usb tethering ( via clockworkmod tether ) was ok . this way , my phone would be charging while providing internet to my laptop . downside is i needed to install a program ( not an issue , because the program is safe ) on my laptop . another downside is i could not tether another device ( like a tablet ) to the phone . turning my phone into a hotspot , was a better choice . i could surf with little issues . i could connect my tablet or laptop to the phone via wifi . however , this drained my battery quickly . i would occasionally fix this by plugging my phone to an outlet with a charger .
if your phone is rooted i think that you can write your own keyboard layout . i am using my own layout ( on sgs i9000 ) for some chinese blouetooth keyboard that i bougth recently . layout files are in /system/usr/keylayout/ directory . layout file that is used by my keyboard is Broadcom_Bluetooth_HID.kl . i think that layout used by built-in keyboard will be qwerty.kl - you could modify it and check if it is working . remember to make backups of original files before changing it . . .
turns out the issue appeared to be specifically with a google maps update . i have received two updates over google play since then and the problem appears to have resolved .
here 's a full stock rom for the nexus s ( via xda ) : http://android.clients.google.com/packages/ota/google_crespo/f182cf141e6a.signed-soju-ota-102588.f182cf14.zip ( md5: 3e8908941043951da5a34bb2043dd1a0 ) you should be able to name that update . zip and put it in the root of your sd card ; upon reboot it will be installed .
the apps you are referring to are system apps - that is , they were not sideloaded ; they were integrated into the operating system . removal involves having root access and deleting the corresponding ( cryptically named ) app in /system/app , but i strongly recommend you to stick to a disable option if available - sometimes system apps depend on other system apps in order to function properly . you might end up soft-bricking your phone if you accidentally delete an important app .
you will not be able to use bt-dun on the streak unless there is something custom built into the ui . my archos 70 has a setting baked into android for bluetooth tethering specifically . without that or some app to enable it , the streak will not know where to get the internet connection from , even if the devices are connected . do not bother with pdanet because it only works when you are going the other way , sharing your android internet connection with another device . another option , would be to put mywi on your iphone and make it a wireless access point , then you can connect to it via your wifi connection . there is one problem : the mywi creates an adhoc connection and android does not recognize adhoc . you can get around this by editing your wpa_supplicant file but you need to be rooted to do this . here are the instructions to do this : http://android.modaco.com/content/dell-streak-streak-modaco-com/316049/ad-hoc-network-connection-for-streak/
try afirewall despite the name , it is an sms/call blocking app .
i use sms backup and restore which backups your text messages to an xml file on your sd card ( does not require root ) . this way at least you can safely lower the message limit and still save your messages somewhere . i am not aware of any way to lower the limit without the messaging application automatically deleting old messages - in the stock messaging app anyway .
i spotted this advice on the post on the google mobile blog announcing the new voice actions . at least one person in the comments claimed success . just run the following commands to uninstall the old system apps if you use a custom rom . adb remount adb shell rm /system/app/googlequicksearchbox . apk adb uninstall com . google . android . googlequicksearchbox adb shell rm /system/app/voicesearch . apk adb uninstall com . google . android . voicesearch then they will install just fine from market ( from the us market ) . marketaccess set to tmo us will allow you to find them .
there is an app in the market with the id " com . ebproductions . android . launcher " that is gingerbread launcher free . this appears to be a slightly modified version of the aosp stock gingerbread launcher that someone 's made available for devices that do not come with the stock launcher installed .
this is a feature of cyanogenmod . pressing and briefly holding one of the volume buttons when the screen is off will cause the music player to skip forward ( volume up ) or backward ( volume down ) . the intention is that this allows you to skip tracks and whatnot without having to unlock the device . if you find it annoying then you can disable it completely in your settings : simply uncheck the option at Settings -&gt; Sound -&gt; Volume rocker music controls . alternatively , try to use short presses of the volume buttons when the screen is off and it should adjust the volume rather than skipping .
it seems that asking this question has encouraged me actually make a proper effort to poke around the phone 's settings enough to find a workable solution , which is to enable Spell correction for the qwerty keyboard word suggestions / predictions . the option is enabled in the location : settings language and keyboard touch input text input QWERTY section spell correction now , typing i , t , s mid sentence will produce the suggested words its , Its , it's , which is pretty much acceptable for me . it's might be third , but it is listed and that is what counts ! i do not know if this is a common problem or if the default setting for Spell correction is on or off , so i do not know what the cause of the problem was , but at least it is sort of fixed .
this actually can happen with any rom you install . if you are not installing a " new " version of the same rom , you can get in to a boot loop . you have to do a factory reset and clear the data and cache when installing a new rom for the first time . if you are installing an upgraded version of the rom , you do not have to do the wipe ( unless the instructions tell you that you should ) . but you should always clear the cache . when the device boots up for the first time , after clearing the cache , it needs to rebuild the cache for the applications you have installed . the more applications that you have installed , the longer it will take to boot the first time . keep an eye on the " boot up " , if it looks like it is " starting over " and not just replaying the boot animation , you are in a boot loop . if you have adb installed , you can plug the device in and look at the logcat that is going on during the boot process . this can also help you determine if you are in a loop or not .
i tried formatting the card again , this time on my computer , using gparted and it worked . i cleared the data of the media storage app and restarted the phone and now all media is visible to all apps again !
solved : it appears these contacts were in the " other contacts " on gmail.com. i am not entirely sure how they got there or why there is no such group in the people app where i can see or edit them , but at least i can delete them now !
it looks like the only way to do this would be to use a custom launcher . i have found three options that have this capability . nova launcher prime ( $4.00 ) apex launcher pro ( $3.99 ) holo launcher plus ( $3.99 ) there is also a free holo launcher , but i do not think it has the customizable tabs .
finally the market updated itself after force-stopping it , clearing its data and cache , starting the app again , and then exiting it and leaving the phone alone for an hour or two .
i gave up on adobe pdf reader , too bad it does not have a simple " file open " option . i downloaded beamreader free version , and so far it is working . it actually allows you to browse the directories and open files , what a concept ! i was going to buy the speedsoftware explorer suggested by @matthew above , but never bought an app before , and got this issue : buy an app - message : &quot ; none of the accounts on your phone are supported&quot ;
there are several system monitors available you might want to give a try . some of them log activities while running in the background , so no information is lost when the device has to be rebooted . while these might not directly point out the troublemaker , you could still see at what time the freeze happened , and which apps might have been active then -- so they should bring you at least closer to finding the culprit . one of those monitor apps is systempanel app / task manager ( it has a free trial version , but that does not log in the background but only allows for " live monitoring" ) . some screenshots from the playstore for illustration : systempanel ( source : google play ) an alternative would be system tuner , which offers similar functionality .
gps relies on your device picking up radio signals transmitted by satellites orbiting above us , an awful lot of things can block these relatively weak signals . from pocket gps world : how does the global positioning system work ? buildings , terrain , electronic interference , or sometimes even dense foliage can block signal reception , causing position errors or possibly no position reading at all . gps units typically will not work indoors , underwater or underground . ( my emphasis ) this is the same whether you are using a dedicated gps receiver , or a smart phone , if the radio signal can not get through your device will not be able to pick it up . in addition phones tend to have less sensitive gps receivers than large , powerful , dedicated gps devices with large antennae so there are likely to be marginal places undercover where your phone will not be able to pick up a gps signal when a dedicated device may be able to .
the files you downloaded from that site are for a samsung galaxy y . your phone is a samsung galaxy ace duos . you need to find a rom suitable for your phone . you are lucky that installing that rom did not brick the phone completely . you can not undo an update : to get back to what you had before , find a stock rom image for your phone ( probably from http://sammobile.com for a samsung phone ) and install it following the provided instructions . alternatively , if you still want android 4.1 , look for an unofficial 4.1 rom for your phone and install it in the same way . see also : where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ?
i have followed the guide in this page and reinstalled a stock version of android : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1196179 then i reinstalled cwm recovery and flashed cyanogenmod .
if the lock screen uses widgets , like weather , news aggregators , notifications , etc , then it is likely to use more battery . personally , i just use the plain swipe lock screen without additional widgets .
you cannot really root a bricked phone . however , assuming your phone is not currently bricked , there is a very straightforward tutorial by wwjoshdew that you can follow .
when doing a complete wipe , you can safely delete all directories off the internal storage . generally , android os will re-create any folders on user areas like internal/external storage if it does not find them . you may want to hold onto ( or at least back up prior to deletion ) media folders like DCIM and Pictures , for example . keep in mind that on different devices camera apps may store photos and videos in other , non-standard directories . and of course do not delete the clockworkmod folder if you wish to keep the nandroid backups you have made previously . under normal operation , .android_secure is the only directory on either internal or external storage that is absolutely necessary . it contains apps that were " moved to sd " via settings ( if external sd card is not present , apps get moved to internal storage instead . ) if this folder is deleted , it will cause instabilities where these apps would not start ( obviously ) , but you may also have trouble uninstalling them from android , and would need to manually remove their left-overs ( the caches , for example . ) another notable directory is Android - it contains data for installed apps .
yes . there is nothing magical to restore /system partition to original state . many users gain root access temporarily to remove bloatwares from /system/apps and then unroot . but , remember , if un-rooting method involves flashing /system image , you will lose your changes . so , use proper un-rooting method .
this can have multiple reasons . first thing to look for is always whether a " user app " might have caused this . this can be done by booting into safe-mode : if everything works here , at least the hardware is fine , and the system as well . in that case , next steps would be : boot into recovery-mode , and clear ( wipe ) cache . this is possible on rooted and unrooted devices , each recovery ( stock or custom ) should permit this ( exceptions are quite rare ) . then reboot , and see if the issue is solved . if it is not solved , and your device is equipped with a custom recovery : again boot into recovery , this time wipe the " dalvik cache " . reboot , and check whether the issue is solved now . if none of these two steps brought you any relief , you need to go the " hard way": backup all your apps into single backups ( so you can restore them separate ) , including .apk and data . useful tools for that : adb backup ( see : adb , backup ) and helium backup , or on rooted devices also titanium backup . uninstall apps in reverse order of their installation ( the culprit it is more likely an app you have installed lately , than an app you have installed a year ago ) one-by-one , and after each single uninstall see whether the problem solved . does not hurt to reboot as well ( i.e. . uninstall→reboot→check , next ) . at the point where it starts working again , re-install all apps you have removed ( again one-by-one ) , skipping the last one – as that was most likely causing the issue . if the issue still persists ( or still persisted in safe-mode ) , last resort is a factory-reset . before doing that , make sure your contacts etc . are either synced with your google account , or backed up otherwise ( the apps you have already " secured " with above steps ) . does the issue stay even after this , it is most likely a hardware issue , and you will have to turn in your device for service . if , on the other hand , the factory-reset made it working again , carefully restore from your backups – again one by one , with a reboot in between ( to make sure you do not end up where you have started ) .
just tap the document you are reading . ( note , not a long-tap ; that opens a different menu . ) from page 5 of " getting started with adobe reader . pdf " ( which downloads with the app ) : my pdf documents are in adobe reader . now what do i do ? tap the middle of the screen once to reveal the toolbars . after a few moments , they disappear until you tap again .
as of this moment , it is a known fact ( not necessarily an issue ) that the xposed framework does not work with art . so , you either : stay with dalvik runtime , and get the advantage of using xposed ; or uninstall xposed framework , and get the advantage of using art after installing xposed , the runtime gets reset from art to dalvik . can you stop it please ? you can be glad that i implemented this , otherwise you would be in a bootloop know . xposed is not compatible with art ( yet ) . it is a completely different architecture with pretty much no documentation . rewriting xposed for the art runtime requires understanding the concept , the code structure and many details to know how it works . i have already spent dozens of hours on that and some things are working . but still it is a long way ahead . do not expect even a test version in the near future . so please do not ask when it will be available - you will surely know when it is ready . i have nothing else to say about that .
you might want to take a look at tasker , the mighty automation solution on android . i have not setup something as you request , but it is definitly possible , and basically should work like this : condition : event → phone ringing task : either http get or http post to your server 's url . for the task , you can make use of the many variables tasker has preset ( see : tasker userguide , variables ) . in your case : call name / number/ date / time ( in ) = %cname / %cnum / %cdate / %ctime you might need to play a little with it to get it working exactly as you wish . hint : a free trial version of tasker is available via its homepage ( 7-day trial ; on day 6 export all your settings , on day 7 uninstall , re-install , and import all settings for another 7 days , the dev said so ) . i use tasker for years , it never let me down , and i do not regret a single cent from its fee ; ) could not do without it anymore . . .
i have the same issue , n7 with 4.2 with an exchange corporate account that forces a password/pin . you are correct that it has to do with corporate account . i removed my corporate account and was able to add widgets , even with the security still set to " password to unlock " . i also changed to pin and slide to unlock and all of them worked as well . i then re-added my corporate account and the widgets that i added were gone and i was unable to add any others . that said it is not a huge issue for me as the only widgets i had the option of adding were clock , gmail inbox , and calendar . clock is already there and i do not want my email/calendar displayed without unlocking the tablet .
i have since found this link that lists 12 currencies supported by the market . they are : canadian dollar swiss franc danish krone euro british pound hong kong dollar japanese yen norwegian krone new zealand dollar swedish krone singapore dollar us dollar no mention of the australian dollar . presumably an oversight ?
i have found the solution ! ! ! it is an old bug that some people are trailing since android 1.6 , and wich is always not actualy corrected ! the solution : you must have only one apn set in your mobile network configuration .
as the answer to are google books drm protected ? explains , acsm files are drm-protected , so you can only read them in the play books app itself , not in another ebook app . once you have " pinned " the book and it has downloaded , you can read it offline in the play books app .
there is an app which can do it for you . . . try the free one first , and if it works , then buy the full version : ) free : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.free.android.lvhfeature=search_result payed : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.test.android.lvhfeature=search_result#?t=w251bgwsmswxldesimnvbs5urvnulmfuzhjvawqubhzoil0 . have a great day : )
so i only tried to replicate the issue for a few minutes but even when i got the recorder to stop recording ( opening the camera app forced the recorder to stop ) it saved the recording . i am not sure if you already looked on the sd card but if you have not try using es file explorer ( or other file explorer ) and go to " sdcard/my documents/my recordings " . . . thats where i found my recordings . maybe its still there .
as goggles is an app that you have said you are curious about , here are the permissions it asks for ( copied from the market web page ) : this application has access to the following : your accounts google app engine allows applications to sign in to google app engine using the account ( s ) stored on this phone . access other google services allows applications to sign in to unspecified google services using the account ( s ) stored on this phone . act as an account authenticator allows an application to use the account authenticator capabilities of the accountmanager , including creating accounts and getting and setting their passwords . manage the accounts list allows an application to perform operations like adding , and removing accounts and deleting their password . use the authentication credentials of an account allows an application to request authentication tokens . hardware controls take pictures and videos allows application to take pictures and videos with the camera . this allows the application at any time to collect images the camera is seeing . your location coarse ( network-based ) location access coarse location sources such as the cellular network database to determine an approximate device location , where available . malicious applications can use this to determine approximately where you are . fine ( gps ) location access fine location sources such as the global positioning system on the device , where available . malicious applications can use this to determine where you are , and may consume additional battery power . network communication full internet access allows an application to create network sockets . your personal information read contact data allows an application to read all of the contact ( address ) data stored on your device . malicious applications can use this to send your data to other people . write contact data allows an application to modify the contact ( address ) data stored on your device . malicious applications can use this to erase or modify your contact data . storage modify/delete usb storage contents modify/delete sd card contents allows an application to write to the usb storage . allows an application to write to the sd card . having used goggles for a while , these all seem fairly innocuous , here are what goggles does that needs those permissions : your accounts everything under this heading is needed because goggles links to your google account and stores your goggles history in your google account , so that you can go back at look at your previous searches , even after you change phones . to do this it needs to access the google account login credentials already saved in your phone 's " accounts " list , otherwise it would have to prompt you to log in to google every time you open it , or re-save your credentials again itself , which is a bit silly when they are already stored centrally on the phone . if you have more than one google account on your phone , then the first time you open goggles it asks you which one you want to save your history into . there is a setting that stops it saving your search history if you do not want this . hardware controls the entire point of goggles is to take pictures using the camera , it can not do that without these permissions . your location using goggles you can take pictures of landmarks and buildings and have it automatically identify them . it uses your location to help it narrow down the guesses of what you are photographing . network communication it uses google 's servers and massive databases to help it identify the potentially billions of different things you could photograph and ask it to recognize . your personal information * read/write contact data * you can take a photo of a business card with goggles and have it save the contact details from the business card straight into your contacts . storage you can set goggles to save all the images it takes to your sd card for later viewing via the gallery app ( this is in the settings and is off by default ) . so , as far as i can see , they have a legitimate reason for all of the permissions that the app asks for that fits with one or more of the apps functions or needs . could they also use these permissions for other purposes ? yes , but personally i trust the app to only use the access for the required purposes , after all google has plenty of other ways to get all of that info , as i am already syncing all of my contacts , etc up to gmail anyway !
i am using a nexus 4 with new version of playstore . i can see a " share " button just below the " reviews " section . you can check once again if you have missed it : )
it is really up to the developer as to how to implement the location service . the full description is available here : http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/location/obtaining-user-location.html the graph about 1/3rd down the page is pretty useful to see what a typical app might do , but again , it is completely up to the app developer . the location service types are : cached fix cell-id wifi gps mock location if the app requests permission for coarse location only , it will not use the gps to determine location . to answer your questions . . . it is up to the individual app developer , but in most cases the sequence will be cached fix , cell-id , wifi , gps , in that order . yes , after acquiring the tower ids or ssids of the wifi signals , that data is transmitted to google to determine a rough location . no , google has done something really clever here . google has their own database of cell tower locations , and does not require an interaction with the carrier to determine the location of the tower . this article has some of the detail http://franciscokattan.com/2010/02/06/dynamic-cell-id-clever-way-to-block-google-but-will-it-backfire/ the short version is that , when you use an app like google maps , the app will send the current cell-id information back along with your current gps fix . in this way , google gets a very good sampling of the signal strengths in various locations , and is able to build a very rich database .
i finally solved the issue . it was related to my apn . my access point allowed only browsing . i changed it to another access point , and it worked !
launcher is a replacement for the home application ( the app that your phone switches to when you press the home button ) . it is basically the application that lets you switch screens , launch apps , view widgets , etc . other apps offer more home screens than the default , or different toolbars at the bottom of the screen offering different ways to quickly launch applications . these were very popular with the initial moto droid since it was basically the stock android 2.0 os which only had 3 home screens . with android 2.2 and the custom interfaces that handset manufacturers add on , the usefulness of these launcher apps may not be so obvious or necessary .
here is a possible solution . my son had recently unwittingly installed appcaster on our home pc , and this was causing the apps to be pushed to my phone . i uninstalled it from the programs and features under control panel , where appcaster goes by the name " mobile app sync " .
usb data cables are pretty much interchangeable . even on devices that have modified sockets to allow connecting a headset cable to the usb port , you can usually still use a normal usb cable for charging and data with no harm to the device .
it was something wrong with the firmware in the phone . i installed a new kernel with the beats audio mod and everything worked correctly after that .
the command is mount -o remount,rw /system
please erase the camera data : Settings -&gt; Application -&gt; Camera -&gt; Clear Data 
does your credit card have an nfc chip ? the phone can read and write nfc data . it is probably activating android beam or s beam .
if you go to Settings -&gt; Backup &amp; reset there is a Back up my data option which states : back up application data , wi-fi passwords , and other settings to google servers in addition to this on the android os support site it says : a wide variety of your personal data is backed up autonmatically , including your wi-fi passwords , browser bookmarks , a list of the apps you’ve installed on google play , the words you’ve added to the dictionary used by the onscreen keyboard , and most of your customized settings . some third-party apps may also take advantage of this feature , so you can restore your data if you reinstall an app . if you uncheck this option , your data stops getting backed up , and any existing backups are deleted from google servers . as for the security concerns although i assume they must be sending plain-text wifi passwords according to the backup service developer guide they are at least using a secure connection to do it over .
try downloading and using a third-camera app from the market . the restriction is apparently on the stock camera app , not on the hardware ( the camera itself ) . i downloaded retro camera , and it is able to take a picture when my galaxy s is on low battery . that might not be the app you want , so do a search on the market with the keyword " camera " .
i have obtained an answer from mozilla support , so i post it here for the community . the feature seems to have been removed . however , any hack is welcome :- ) support said : using nightly you can find pre-installed search engines in ' settings ' → ' customize ' → ' search settings ' . i do not think there are plans to re-introduce disabling default search engines anymore . there are no plans to introduce removing pre-bundled search engines .
you could use e.g. calendar event reminder , and disable notifications in the default/stock calendar . with cer , you can setup reminders for each calendar separately , and even deactivate alerts for calendars you do not want to be alerted for ( in your case , the " work " calendar ) . the added plus is you will never miss an alert anymore , as you can configure cer to annoy you until you shut the alert of manually . i have bought the app when it was still payed , and it never let me down . unfortunately , i do not know of any way to do that with the native calendar -- but at least this is a free solution , though it takes an extra app : )
you can buy them from the website without downloading them . any apps purchased through amazon . com simply get added to your account . i think that is the best you can really do .
the exceptions coming from zip ( in the log extract ) indicate that the package is corrupt . this error could have been introduced by the download , or when the package file was generated . you could check for download errors by verifying the apk file 's sha-1 or md5 checksum against a checksum provided by the download site . obviously each site will have a different way of telling you the checksum . also , the method of verifying it is different depending on what os your pc runs : on linux it is as simple as running <code> md5sum file </code> or <code> sha1sum file </code> . note that this will not always be the case from the " application not installed " error message . as others have indicated , that message usually results from trying to install a package that already exists on the system , unless the new package has a newer version number and is signed by the same key .
the most accessible way to get a copy of the app itself would probably be to download a stock rom in zip format and just extract the htc camera app ( /system/app/HTCCamera.apk ) . a de-odexed version would probably be easiest , but in theory you could extract both the . apk and the . odex file and put them on your device if you wanted . to be honest , though , i would be pretty skeptical about the htc camera working on your rom since deck is not sense-based . you can give it a shot , but i would wager it relies on some sense framework files ( never tried it myself ) .
for what adb backup does , you might wish to see our backup tag-wiki . basically , depending on the command line switches used , it backs up apps ( .apk ) and their data . as for the second part of your question , you might wish to see is there a way to look inside and modify an adb backup created file ? yes , it is possible extracting parts of it , and yes , titanium backup is one of the apps capable of this . other ways are described in the linked question . also worth a look : how do you extract an app 's data from a full backup made through “adb backup” ? partial adb restore backup and restore android settings and application through adb
as you have got your device with a contract , this added a special barrier to updates . short explanation how that goes : google ( or rather the aosp , android open source project ) releases a new android version . this is usually immediately available to nexus devices -- but . . . device manufacturers need to adapt it to their hardware ( drivers etc . ) and , in many cases , their special " skinning " ( htc sense , samsung tourchwiz , motorola blur , etc ) , which again at least delays availability of this update carriers using their special branding ( boot logo , special apps , and more ) so if there is a new android version released by the aosp does not necessarily mean it becomes available for all android devices . it might get stuck already in step 2 if a manufacturer decides to no longer support a device ( in your case that happened after the 2.3 release , so 2.3 is the latest " official version " available to the device ) -- and even if it passes this step , but you have got a branded device , it might get stuck in step 3 ( which most likely is what happened to you ) . the only way out if got stuck in steps 2 or 3 is checking for custom roms . as that " getting stuck " also affects developers , they often decide to build their own roms . many times this is done by porting a rom from compatible devices , adjusting the missing stuff ( or leaving some gaps , so there might be things not fully working , which then is pointed out in the instructions ) . so if you want to go the " do-it-yourself " way ( after having t-mobile unlocking the device , if needed ) , check how do i root my samsung galaxy s ? for how to root your sgs , and where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ? for fitting roms . the " how-to-flash " usually is described on the page you can download the rom from .
when you hold the home key and tap power , it takes a screenshot . unfortunately sometimes lag causes the home press to be delayed/extended , so if you press it and let go before hitting power it will still happen sometimes . the original sgs suffers from this issue as well , though it uses home+back . i would try the same workaround i propose in my answer to that question : go to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Running Services and click on ScreenCaptureService to end it . you will have to do this every time you boot up your phone , unless you get a task killer or can remove it somehow , though either of those may have other side effects .
cyanogenmod roms has a feature that by long pressing the back button you can kill the running process .
i finally was able to get adb enabled on the beagleboneblack . below is my solution with some debugging pointers . i downloaded and created ad ti-android jb image from scratch . when i booted the beagleboneblack with this image adb worked as expected . below are some of the outputs . lsusb output for the jb image built using latest rowboat files ( jan-2014 ) note : 18d1:d002 google inc . dmesg output for the jb image built using latest rowboat files ( jan-2014 ) note : idvendor= 18d1 idproduct= d002 following is the lsusb output for bbb-angstrom note : 1d6b:0104 linux foundation multifunction composite gadget dmesg output for beagleboneblack ( bbb ) -angstrom note : idvendor= 1d6b , idproduct= 0104 ( as suggested by dan hulme ) edit Command: Sudo ./adb devices Response: List of devices attached ????????? no permission Solution: sudo ./adb kill-server sudo ./adb start-server  from eclipse reference : android error : failed to install * . apk on device *: timeout
for using custom ringtones , i suggest rings extended app along with any file manager to browse the contents of your sd card . this will allow you to pick any supported sound file to be used as a ringtone in any app . in google+ app , go to menu -> settings . under " ringtone " you can select the wav file ( pick " rings extended " when prompted , and navigate to wherever you saved the file ) , and " notification settings " will give you finer control of which actions will trigger the notifications . i do not use facebook , but i imagine the app has similar controls in its settings .
absolutely yes . i have a sk4g as well , and tried setcpu out too . it force closed regularly ; whether it is due to overheating i can not say for sure , but it seems the most likely cause . fyi , all the sk4g roms are based on the stock rom as no one 's reverse-engineered the hardware requirements to build custom kernels for it yet : (
i own an og droid and a droid bionic and both phones eventually had similar audio jack problems . on one phone i found the issue to be a wad of dust crammed in the jack which i had to fish out with a [ enter your choice of small pointy tool ] . it could be a result of the internal contact points being pushed back from repeated tension . this would weaken the contact with the audio cable . in your particular case i do not think this is true however . other things you can try : pull the audio cable in and out several times wiggling it and testing it . ( ideally you had want to test it with something that plays audio continuously so you do not have to keep hitting play ) getting a different and potentially better quality audio cable to test with . you can also try resetting to factory default which may help if the problem is software related . ( as long as you have a google account synced with your phone , all your apps will be automatically re-downloaded ) if all else fails , take it back to the phone manufacturer or your phone service provider . they should be able to fix it for a reasonable price . there is the option of trying to fix it yourself but that is not recommended if you are uncomfortable working with small/delicate electronics , not to mention voiding your warranty .
sms messages are stored in data/data/com.android.providers.telephony/databases/mmssms.db . if you can not see it in your root explorer ( or it is to small ) , try rebooting your device or simply - connect your phone to the computer and copy that file ( using e.g. adb ) on it and i am sure you will be able to read it properly .
you can not upgrade form 10.1.3 to 10.2 directly . you must flash it manually from recovery and you also have to wipe data .
questions for you : did you install an app recently ? what app did you last install ? how long was that going on for ? have you checked with your sprint provider ? you are not getting charged for those incoming messages ? it sounds like mal-ware , but do not wish to raise alarm nor fear in you , but by answering my questions above to ascertain it . quite possibly , it sounds like a scam , if you were to reply innocently like " who are you ? " you could be charged premium rates for sending it . as for the gibberish , its likely in a language that is not recognized by your handset hence the font shows the " gibberish " character as a result . if all else fails , try a factory reset the handset at last resort . edit : based on your edit , it sounds like its stopped for a good while due to perhaps its hit the threshold limit of how many sms to be stored , then when you went to delete them , more kept coming in . the apps do seem legit . . btw : ) would you not suggest try this , download this app called ' history eraser ' from google play , to wipe out the history of the sms , just that specifically alone , and nothing else . see if that helps . if more are still coming in , then i hate saying this , factory reset the handset to clear out whatever it is that is causing the jam .
this was solved by going into /data/data/ and finding the appropriate folder belonging to the failing app . i found one with " swiftkey " in the name , deleted it , and following that the update worked just fine . most likely , the app installation was failing in the background with INSTALL_FAILED_UID_CHANGED due to the app being restored with titaniumbackup , as detailed in this answer . so , in short , this seems to be an error caused by the uid changing between installs and google play throwing a fit , and it is solved by making sure app data is removed .
this will be my way of checking the 3g connectivity issues . might work for you too . first try to reset the apn . follow the steps here if you do not know how . restart your phone . if it did not work , try forcing the phone to 3g . in your dialer , enter *#*#3646#*#* -> phone information -> select wcdma only in the drop down menu . this should make your phone work only in 3g . try testing your speeds via speedtest for bandwidth . if both steps did not solve your problem , try using a different sim in which 3g is working . if this solves your problem , replace the sim from customer care . even now your problem is not solved , try factory reset your phone . warning : this will reset everything in your phone including pictures , take a backup of your phone before proceeding further . if none of the above solves your problem , take it to your htc customer care to check them for hardware defect .
disclaimer : i do not own a nexus . so the answer does come from internet sources ( xda ) . as per this thread these are some of the responses from the owners which indicates that the portable wi-fi hotspot settings is indeed present in the settings . the option for hotspot tether is there both before and after the system update . nexus 7 fhd lte with t-mobile sim has tethering and hotspot available but not with newly activated at and t data plan sim . the tethering feature disappeared in setting . when i re-insert t-mobile sim that comes with the tablet , the mobile hotspot is available again in the settings . so , it is safe to assume , only if your carrier allows tethering or you have a tethering plan the option will appear in the settings menu .
i do not know which device you are using ? but normally every android phones people app should support the functionality of at least the basic information ( meaning the emails , because it is android ~ google ~ gmail ) . so are you really sure you can not add at least the email address to your contacts ? as mentioned already by eldarerathis , you should normally even see your contacts online status . maybe you can test it by logging in on your gmail account on a pc . add some email addresses to your contacts via the pc . make your android device synchronize the information you just entered ( settings > accounts and sync > sync all ; or something like that ) . then have a look back at your people app and check if the email addresses are entered . if they are visible on your phone , that probably means that your phone supports this , but you have not found the good way to add this information via your people app . maybe you can search the site of the manufacturer for more information ( or maybe have a look at something like a help or get started app on your phone ) .
open google maps on android and select latitude to disable latitude . :- )
some questions , and hopefully some answers : so you are currently rooted , running one of the earlier leaks of froyo for the droid ? you are willing to switch to a mod cm6 ? or do you want to go back to plain vanilla stock without root ? if you are currently rooted and willing to try out a mod like cm6 , then go to the market and downlaod rom manager . make a nandroid backup of your phone before you do anything . then download and install cm6 via " download rom " -> cyanogenmod . you want 6.0 , not the rc version . when you download and install it , make sure you include google apps and wipe your data and cache . if you are wanting to go back to plain vanilla stock , be noted that apps like easyroot ( one click root access ) will not work for the latest version of froyo for the droid . you will have to downgrade to 2.1 to get root access back if you go this route . with that said , if you are rooted , go get rom manager . under download rom are " stock images " . one of those options is 2.2 frg01b with the option of root/unrooted . this should put you on the right path of plain vanilla stock . hope this helps , let me know if i misunderstood you and i will try to clarify .
there is a really good thread of discussion about this on androidforums here . in short , leds have a long life span ( 20k+ hours ? ) . so the concern is not really the leds burning out ( although after a long period of time , they will eventually start losing the amount of output and their brightness will dim ) . the real concern is to not apply too much voltage to the led and overheat it . another concern would be overheating your battery ( due to heat dissipation from draining the battery from powering the led ) . in short , if you are only using the led for time periods less than half an hour , you should be okay . if you need to use it longer , go get a real flash light . : )
there is a flag that people can set on their youtube videos to allow or disallow those videos to be played on a mobile device . what you are seeing when you try to access those videos is that the person has set the flag to ' disallow ' .
if you need to do s-on , flash that before flashing the ruu . other than that , just keep in mind that the ruu will wipe your phone .
just use the gmail app and not the email app . you can select what email to send from -- it shows all the addresses you have set up in gmail -- and has a surprising number of gmail 's features for a mobile app . it does go through gmail 's servers and you will have your archive . i do not think you can set up and manage pop accounts from it , but if you are not abandoning the web interface entirely then it does not matter .
any 4-pin 3.5 mm stereo jack should work fine for straight sound but headsets with controls are a little more difficult . many are proprietary . if it claims to be universal it may work but if it is designed for apple or nokia it probably wont . basically , on a 4-pin jack it all depends on which ring the headset maps to which control . i could not find a droid x pinout diagram but i believe motorola uses the standard layout . this site has a pretty comprehensive list of the different pinout mappings and a lot of them are the same but a lot are proprietary . if in doubt , i would look for a set advertised to work with the droid x .
unfortunately , yes . for now , that is how google has created the maps application ; you cannot use maps ( or navigation ) without internet access . there are other apps that exist , though , that allow you to download maps for use offline . sygic and navfree , for example , both allow you to store maps on your device and then only require a gps fix to give you turn-by-turn directions . note you still need internet ( wifi or data network ) to download the maps the first time , but after that , you are free to shut data off .
afaik , defaults on android is not preserved if apps that use the intent are changed . workaround : use intent to launch the application or its activity screen . intent is comparatively reliable though it may be changed when app is updated . take sending email as an example install intent intercept ( google play ) clear the defaults of email client choose " intent intercept " in share menu when sending email copy intent details of your desired application activity open tasker to " create task": misc > send intent edit the parameters ( usually fill in the action and extra is enough ) ref : http://tasker.dinglisch.net/userguide/en/intents.html p.s. some famous companies even provide you the intent details on their developer website , such as evernote .
there is no " write-only " permission for access to gmail - it is either " read-only " or " full access " , meaning that the app in question will be able to both create and delete messages from your account . however , i would guess that adding and deleting mails are two very different things from a programming standpoint , so you should be ok :- ) !
the play store website works by sending a notification to your phone asking it to install the app . if you are having problems with that make sure that : your phone has internet connection you logged in with the same google account that is on your phone . you are logged in to google talk on your device background data is enabled syncing is enabled for your main account 's gmail . these are the most common reasons that can cause push notifications ( this is the way web install is handled ) to malfunction . if your phone does not have internet connection and want to install apps though by downloading them to your computer first you could try following this tutorial . however i would personally advise against it because it requires you to disable certificate error warnings and enter your password . if you want to do it at least create a second chrome profile for this and enable 2-step verification
the most obvious explanation is that the file is incomplete : there is only a small fraction of the file there , or only the first section of the file is readable . given that the symptoms you report in your other question point to sd card failure , that seems the most likely cause for this too . if this is a different sd card , it could be that the card itself is not at fault : rather , whatever you are using to copy files to the card could be corrupting the filesystem , or a dodgy usb connection to a card reader could be interrupting file transfers .
most updates will not erase your data . the kernel and /system partition can usually be updated without the filesystem needing to be wiped , so your data folders are not damaged . if the wifi network data is not erased , then your phone should connect to wifi after the upgrade , and you are good to go . i can not find any info on what happens when upgrading to rc33 , for example , but official updates usually do not wipe data . the update might also eliminate the no-sim-so-you-can not-do-anything problem .
i think the conventional wisdom is that honeycomb is a fork for tablets only but this post suggests otherwise . it says that in an interview with engadget , matias duarte claimed that honeycomb would be for all form factors .
have a look at the following issue with the apps that are installed on sd card after reinserting the sd card i was one of the hard user of link2sd application . what i observed from this app is that you should not remove your sd card once you have applications on your sd card . while phone booting some of the applications gets initialized . if the phone system does not find the sd card and its applications then it is going to break the link between the sd card applications and the system . you might be seeing those applications on Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage Applications but they will not be accessible . to answer your question there might be a way but not known to all . you can mail the developer of link2sd mentioning the issue . they might give you a solution .
it is impossible . you can only use sense ui on a rom that incorporates it . to regain it you will either need to return to your stock htc rom or see if there are any other roms that support sense .
your question made me try to use the same configuration . solution generate your key pair in openssh key file format , i used my linux workstation :  ssh-keygen -t rsa -C "KEYNAME"  ( i left passphrase empty but i think it will work with it too , add the public key to your host :  cat ~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub &gt;&gt; ~/.ssh/authorized_keys  ( assuming that is the same machine you want to connect to ) copy private key id_rsa to your phone and use that one . : ) i found the clue on logcat :  W/System.err(27250): com.jcraft.jsch.JSchException: invalid privatekey: /sdcard/key.ppk  and this answer brought me in the right direction . how to copy private key from connectbot export workaround only private keys without passphrase can be copied , so you can change password and set it empty , this key is not compatible with es file explorer .
i was in contact with sony support , and the problem was in the initial import ( or sync ) from google contacts . something was corrupted , even though no corruption was visible . i got this fixed by : exporting the contacts from google contacts deleting the contacts from the phone importing the contacts to google contacts syncing the contacts from Settings -&gt; Accounts -&gt; Google -&gt; &lt;my Google account&gt; -&gt; Menu -&gt; Sync now ( optional ) removing haxsync from accounts ( or other additional contact syncs ) ( optional ) adding haxsync account after this all contacts were included in the search .
the current encryption scheme is outlined on the android website 's " notes on the implementation of encryption in android 3.0" page . from that page , the specific algorithm used is noted as such : the actual encryption used for the filesystem for first release is 128 aes with cbc and essiv:sha256 that is the only official documentation i have seen for it at this point , but it is fairly lengthy and informative .
keep clicking on the Next button as if you are agreeing . then you can choose ' no , maybe later` to opt out of google-now . when you perform a normal search under your previous searches/ suggested searches there is a link to " get google now " again ! you can click the big x beside it and it will not come back . however , some updates and reinstalling the search app may cause this to recur again , but the steps above will get rid of it .
when you invoke the adb backup command , this is the screen popping up on your device : the button you would need to hit is " back up my data " . so after invoking the command , wait for 3 . . 5 seconds to be sure the screen is " loaded " , then hit the area on the lower-right where the button should be . the backup process then should start immediately . even if you see nothing happen , give it another 30s or so , then check ( from a different terminal/command shell ) ; you should see your backup file growing then .
phone updates are an odd thing . manufacturers decide if the phone is capable of handling the update ( based on the device 's hardware ) and carriers decide when to push the updates to the handsets . there are exceptions , such as wifi only devices , where it is solely up to the manufacturer . however , system updates are generally a good thing . these updates bring bug fixes , security patches , and general improvements to the android experience . there have been some bad updates , that have broke existing features ; but these have been fixed within a few days and are few and far between on recent devices . but how to decide ? if you are hesitant at all to install the update , do some searching for the device and update . technology sites such as gizmodo and engadget post updates to many devices , especially if the update introduces problems . there are also many android specific blogs that post information of patches and updates . if no one is reporting problems then the update should be fine to install .
regarding your first 2 questions ( reboot / suspend ) : no this is not normal , however , as a lot of software from a lot of different vendors are running on your phone , it is inevitable that under certain conditions certain apps can cause your phone to " crash " . in an ideal world , no piece of software should be able to crash the underlying os and the phone , however , most likely , difficult to reproduce bugs with the underlying android os can lead to phone reboots . regarding the lag . there is a known issue with the samsung galaxy s and the " lagging " . checkout the links below for more info on the actual issue , and some fixes ( all require rooting your phone unfortunately ) . updating the android version to > 2.1 does not seem to resolve the issue . samsung is aware of this issue , but does not seem to have any plans in fixing it ( probably focusing on their new flagship phone ) . it is an outrage that users need to resort to all kinds of hacks on their 500$ phone to get it running properly . http://crave.cnet.co.uk/mobiles/how-to-speed-up-your-samsung-galaxy-s-with-the-voodoo-lag-fix-50002228/ http://www.groovypost.com/howto/mobile/most-common-lag-fixes-for-samsung-galaxy-s-captivate-vibrant-fascinate-epic-4g/
android does not have a default memo application , but most android app stores their database in /data/data/PACKAGE_NAME/databases/ . some applications write their data to the sdcard instead , so you might want to check that as well .
the original link is dead . i pulled this short guide from way back machine , copied here : with the first few official pre-alpha builds of cyanogenmod 7 being released , it’s worth noting that a new feature has been included that allows you to change the hostname on your device from the settings menu . if you have a supported device , you can get the nightly builds from the teamdouche mirror system . once you’ve flashed ( i take no responsibility if you break something – make sure to read up on issues/pitfalls/requirements before flashing ) , open the settings menu , then choose applications , then development , and select device hostname at the bottom . this setting persists between reboots and rom upgrades ( unless you wipe ) . warning : i accept no responsibility if you brick your phone while doing this . i ditched my iphone due to problems my local provider was having and got an htc dream instead . i promptly rooted it using the cyanogen mod , but noticed that by default , android reports the hostname as ‘localhost’ . i don’t really like this , so i set about finding an easy way to change it . first off , even rooted , the / partition is mounted read-only when you boot normally , so you need to boot to recovery mode ( home+power ) . in the recovery menu , choose to boot to console . from there , browse to /system/etc/init . d . important : make a backup of ’05userinit’ before continuing ! you can do this by simply running the following command – ‘cp 05userinit /05userinit’ ( without quotes ) . this will create a copy of it in the / directory . if you screw up your editing , you can just rm the messed up version and cp the backup back in . to add the command to set the host name , we’re simply going to echo in the following two lines : echo &gt;&gt; 05userinit echo hostname NEWHOSTNAME &gt;&gt; 05userinit  note that there are two spaces after the first ‘echo’ command . this creates a blank line at the end of the file . the second echo adds the hostname command . this way , whenever your phone boots , the hostname is set . also , be sure to use two greater-than signs ( &gt ; ) , as that appends – if you only use one , it overwrites the contents of the file . make sure the edits are correct by typing ‘tail 05userinit’ – as long as it isn’t blank , and there’s more than just the hostname line , you’re golden . reboot the phone by typing ‘reboot’ at the prompt and hitting ‘enter’ , and you’re done . once you’ve booted back up , open up your terminal emulator of choice and type ‘hostname’ ( by itself , no parameters ) – it should echo out whatever hostname you specified . update ( april 6th , 2010 ) : to change your hostname on cyanogen 5 . x , add the following line to the bottom of /system/etc/init . d/01sysctl — and make sure you make a backup of 01sysctl before editing it ! echo NEWHOSTNAME &gt; /proc/sys/kernel/hostname 
adb backup archives are a " all or nothing " solution when it comes to restore – which is what the " unsafe warning " is about . considering your circumstances , here are a few points to consider : do one " full backup " excluding your system apps cannot hurt , so you could restore that as-is . note , hoever , that this most likely also excludes data of system apps , which might include apns , contacts , calendars , etc . use e.g. helium backup ( no root required ) to create adb compatible backups of all your apps separately , so you can restore them separately . this can of course also be done on the command line ( specifying the package names ) , but this app makes it much more comfortable . create a full adb backup nevertheless , including everything ( except -shared , as data from your ( internal ) sdcard can be copied on file-level using any file manager ) . though you probably might not wish to directly restore it , you might still have use for it considering you are after rooting in the first place , here 's the background for my recommendations : if you succeed rooting your device , and have no side effects , all the above backups just gave you a " good feeling " , and you have no current need for them . but hey , it did not hurt ; could well be one of the following things happened : if you succeeded rooting , but had to factory-reset the device due to some side-effects , you could either use helium ( or adb restore ) to restore selected apps from their separate archives , or use adb restore to restore all of your user-space-apps in one run . but you could also use titanium backup to extract selected apps/data from the complete backup , and also restore some system data that way . if rooting failed , and you have to factory-reset your device , you at least can restore your user-space-apps and their data from that archive , or chose to only restore selected apps as described above . as for the size of 22 mb : that could be fine , or could be too small – depending on what apps you have installed , and how much data they have ; there are no absolutes for " user-apps-only " backups ( except of course for 0 byte files when you have at least 1 app installed ) .
although some have reported it as a bug , apparently the away status only appears after 10 minutes of idle time ( defined as no use and the screen shutting off ) .
technically , ics can be put in samsung galaxy y duos s6102b . unfortunately , a ready-made rom featuring ics for the device is not available yet . so , unless you are a rom cooker and developer , you can not do this .
one of the apps you have a picture of , the venerable gps status and toolbox , describes this claim in the app description : keep your gps fast : reset it or download a-gps data regularly for faster fixes wikipedia does a great job defining the basic concepts behind assisted-gps : standalone gps provides first position in approximately 30–40 seconds . a standalone gps system needs orbital information of the satellites to calculate the current position . the data rate of the satellite signal is only 50 bit/s , so downloading orbital information like ephemeris and almanac directly from satellites typically takes a long time , and if the satellite signals are lost during the acquisition of this information , it is discarded and the standalone system has to start from scratch . in agps , the network operator deploys an agps server . these agps servers download the orbital information from the satellite and store it in the database . an agps capable device can connect to these servers and download this information using mobile network radio bearers such as gsm , cdma , wcdma , lte or even using other wireless radio bearers such as wi-fi . usually the data rate of these bearers is high , hence downloading orbital information takes less time . if your phone 's a-gps cache is corrupt or stale , forcing a refresh can be beneficial . normally , android does in fact take care of maintaining this cache automatically . i have personally only used this app to help diagnose and solve gps problems , something it does very well . in normal usage i would not bother with the a-gps cache until you find it needs intervention .
it is not intended to hide the system bar ( combined soft button/notification bar ) on tablets . imagine the bar is hidden and the app you are currently using does not offer an option to exit . -> your are stuck within this app . some custom roms offer the option to hide the bar . general option would be to use some third-party-apps like hide bottom bar or full ! screen which can disable the bar somehow . unfortunately these apps require root .
set wi-fi sleep policy to " never " for android 4.0 ( ice cream sandwich ) and later : 1 ) navigate to menu > settings > wifi and select the menu button again . 2 ) select options , advanced 3 ) set “keep wifi on during sleep” to “always”
so finally i was able to fix this weirdo . since this answer doesnt really tell what was causing this . i will remark any further answers if they can tell what was the problem i will just describe what i did . root your device install clean master give it the root access ( it will ask itself ) remove all bloatware run cleaning routines hope that it helped you
it looks like someone sent htc an email back in july and got the following response : i understand you want to know which speed is the best for your device as far as sd card is concerned . we have tested the devices on a class 4 speed . i could not recommend anything higher than that . the phone may be capable of running a higher-class speed , but we have only tested it on a class 4 . you may also want to email htc support and see what they officially say . from i have been reading , people have been using class 6 just fine . not sure about 8 or 10 .
hint : just try the combination with the other volume button if you enter the wrong mode ( that is what i do because i cannot remember the button trick either and do trial and error every other time i need this . launch your software , prepare the ftf for flashing and only then do the following to enter flash mode : switch off the phone ( remove battery maybe ) press the volume down button and hold it ( while holding ) plug in the usb cable if successful , the led should turn green just for the record , to enter fastboot mode : switch off the phone ( remove battery maybe ) press the volume up button and hold it ( while holding ) plug in the usb cable if successful , the led should turn blue if i mixed something up , please correct me .
samsung galaxy player 4.0 is not actually a phone per se , so it is hard to use it as such ( without some help at least ) : any of the following solutions answers your question the way you intended it to be answered , but this is the result of a deep investigation and testing that might help you or help others in the future . 1 ) just like a bluetooth handset : with a fair amount of limitations , you can pair the galaxy player to your smartphone just like pairing a bluetooth headset : turn on bluetooth on both devices , make the galaxy player discoverable , and scan with the phone . once the devices recognized each other and got paired , the player shows up connected to the phone . when a call gets to the smartphone , the galaxy player will ring as well . the screen does look just like the incoming call screen on a smartphone , providing an option to answer or decline the call . initiating a call from the smartphone , will automatically activate the galaxy player , just like it would with a bluetooth headset . if the galaxy player and your smartphone are close together , lets say it the same room , the call has a good quality , just like if you were talking on your phone . the power consumption for this solution is very low , so its a thumbs up as well . sadly , the contacts list on the galaxy player will do you no good , since it actually can not initialize any calls . 2 ) using wifi : one tested alternative with a very lost cost can be signing up with a service that directs texts and/or calls to the galaxy player . e.g. , google voice , see the international calling rates the only drawback using any service like google voice on the galaxy player is that you can only receive/send text messages and calls when connected to wi-fi , unlike a normal phone . google voice is a feature-rich call forwarding service . you get one phone number that will ring all of your phones ( cell or landline ) . with it , you can receive voicemails and text messages ( no multimedia messages/mms , though ) . being a part of your google account , you have access to all of your messages ; call logs and more . google voice @ google play 3 ) using voip signing up with a service with a voip solution , it is possible to make actual calls from the galaxy player ( or any device with speaker and microphone ) . e.g. , line2 , see the plans comparison this service does not get you stuck to a contract , extra fees or a period of time . so , if a better solution appear in the future , you can stop using it immediately .
as far as i am aware , android basically just does not work this way . you can turn off the screen ( "sleep " mode ) and put it into airplane mode for some extra battery saving , but there is no " standby " equivalent like on a laptop . the processor should underclock itself when you do this , too ( how much probably depends on the device ) . and , as lie ryan points out in the comments , for phones this is largely due to the fact that a call could come at any time . i would guess honeycomb 's behavior is essentially a hold-over from that since it is easier than rewriting it . that being said , if you just want a book reader , you might consider something like a nook color . the iconia is really a full-fledged tablet pc ( though running android ) , but something designed specifically for e-reading will probably offer better battery life .
cloning a sim card is not what you think it is . apart from the simple contacts information , the only thing stored on it is a code which identifies your phone to your carrier . it is like a user id , which the carrier can use to look up which plan you are on and what phone number you should have . although cloning a sim card is possible , it is not something you want to do as a customer . it is a technique used by crackers to impersonate another user to the phone network , in order to illicitly receive their phone calls . it may be illegal where you live . think of the sim card like a credit card . it belongs to the carrier : they just lend it to you for the purpose of using their service . if your bank sends you a new card , or you change bank , you do not " clone " your old card onto your new one : you just use the new card . and , just like a bank card , if your carrier did not send you the new card as a replacement for the old one , then it refers to a completely different account . if you simply want to move your old phone number to your new phone , you need to contact your ( old ) carrier to do this .
your numbers are not synced to google contacts . your friends need to install the official google+ app in order to see your numbers .
i believe you backed up from recovery , correct ? if that is the case , then the backup should contain everything that was on your phone before the backup -- apps , saved games , etc . so restoring the backup should have restored angry birds and its save data , as long as that was present before the backup . titanium can back up the app , the app 's data , or both . it does require root . non-root users have to deal with recovery backups , which are not as flexible since you can not restore only bits and pieces -- it is all or nothing . of course , the sd card is easy to back up ( plug it into a computer ) and some apps may allow you to export data . you had have to ask rovio why they chose not to use a database , but i would guess it is because the save data is so simple . if you open the file it is almost human-readable text . even easier to back up than a database .
you can bypass the sim card requirement by playing with the boot options : load boot menu by holding the volume down button while starting the phone . press the volume down button until the option " boot android ( no bp ) " appears at the top of the screen . press the volume up button to select this option . on load , the phone will bypass the no sim card screen next , you can either register for a motoblur account or skip it by entering the following keys into the virtual keyboard ( press and hold the menu key to bring up the keyboard ) : ? 123 alt abc e ? 123 alt abc e b l u r o f f luckily , this process only needs to be performed once . it looks like the phone remembers this boot option for next time : ) thanks to xda for the motoblur bypass steps !
i am not sure how you had do that with the built-in file manager , but there are several file managers that will work . i use root explorer , and i have heard many other recommend astro file manager ( which has a free version , i believe ) . they should work if you have the superuser app installed ( i would assume it comes with cm , but it is in the market if not ) .
my suspicion that rom manager does not support sd-ext backup is quite confirmed with my experience . while looking for alternatives , i understood that there are these three recoveries available : clockwork mod recovery ( cwm ) amon ra recovery teamwin recovery ( twrp ) i tried the twrp 2.2.2.1 from its xda thread and i am glad to inform that it did back up my ext3 partition . other than this benefit , i have a touch interface which is much easier in par with cmw 's user interface .
the galaxy s plus ( i9001 ) needs an external power source to have a working usb otg . see this link on xda for more information ( it is for the i9000 , but does also apply ) . according to gsmarena 's spec ( usb : yes , microusb v2.0 ) the i9001 firmware does not originally support usb-otg ( compare the s3 's spec , but 3rd party firmware added this later on . it does however not function without external 5v power .
i would put it into the keyboard 's user dictionary . there are a few clipboard/snippet manager application , you might be interested if you need to store longer texts : clipper text snippet lite ime
you can use a custom lock screen . just pick the one that you like
eduardo you are right , there is already a way to do this with the standard messaging app . you have to disable the " group messaging " setting in the messaging app . not sure if this setting is available on all versions of android but i have v4.4.2
android studio contains adb in folder android-studio\sdk\platform-tools it is possible to add to path in windows and use terminal inside android studio only by command : " adb shell " and after use " su " get root shell . locate android studio platform tools folder ( eg : c:\android-studio\sdk\platform-tools ) open enviroment variables in windows ( http://www.computerhope.com/issues/ch000549.htm ) add platform tools to end of path ( eg : ; c:\android-studio\sdk\platform-tools ) reopen android studio use terminal with command : " adb shell " older windows will maybe need reboot after change path variables .
best answer i have found so far : you could try clearing all data from the keyboard . Menu&gt;Settings&gt;Applications&gt;Running Applications then tap All . scroll down and find Internation Keyboard ( if thats the one you are using ) and Clear Data . source : sony ericsson support forum of course , it will also set the keyboard to the original settings . anyway , i would like to find a way to remove some misspellings and not all the learned words , so if somebody knows how to do it , i will be glad to hear from it .
some htc devices that are unlocked using htc-dev ( rather than actually gaining s-off ) required to manually flash the boot . img that you extract from the rom 's zip using fastboot . fastboot flash boot "c:\location\to\boot.img" 
apparently , " this is not a user-configurable option right now " . i am not sure if that is a general android problem , or a specific cyanogenmod one . totally clueless about why , of course .
you can obtain the adb and fastboot utilities as part of the android software development kit ( or separately from third parties , but watch out for trojan binaries ) . if you install the sdk , you will need to install the platform tools and ( if using windows ) the usb driver for windows . once you have them , from whatever source , this is what you will do : reboot the phone to the bootloader ( fastboot ) : adb reboot bootloader  adb may not work if the phone has not previously been placed in usb debugging mode . in this case , boot the phone to fastboot mode by first powering it off , then powering it on by holding all three of the power , volume up and volume down keys at the same time for two seconds , then releasing all three keys , then touching volume down twice , then volume up once . check to see if the phone is in fastboot mode . if it does not show anything , wait a few seconds and try again : fastboot devices  wipe the user data/cache : fastboot -w 
the first step for any of these force close issues is to clear the cache and/or data from the problem app . whether it is the play store or youtube that is the problem is unclear ; you may end up doing both . open Settings Apps scroll down to the app you want and tap to open app info . ( if it is a system app ( without updates ) you may need to swipe left to " all " in order to find it . ) tap the clear cache button . if that does not work , return and tap clear data see also : app x isn&#39 ; t working correctly . how can i fix it ?
finally found a way to connect to internet on my xperia mini pro android mobile . go to settings ==> wireless and network settings ==> mobile networks ==> network mode its going to open another window with title as preferred network mode . now try to select wcdma only option . wait for 10 sec . we can see the network is getting reset and try to find the 3g signal . now open the same pop up again and select gsm ( edge or 2g ) connection . now again networking related stuff gets reset again . this is how i force my mobile to connect to internet .
there bitter truth is there is none option to switch all automatic updated off in one go . i solved my particular problem by rooting the phone . since no exploit is known for 2.3.4 i had to unlock the phone . this in turn meant that both amazon mp3 and google books stopped updating themselves . which is one way to solve the problem . still i removed the files using the following script : warning : this is script from the “if you can not understand it you should not be using it” category .
one possibility would be to prefix all numbers in your contact list by *31# ( which turns the callerid on for that call only ) , while having callerid disabled in your settings . depending on whether the phone app is intelligent enough to detect this as to not belonging to the number , incoming calls should still be matched fine ( you could of course first try it out with one number to check ) . second possibility is the other way around : having callerid globally enabled , and prefix manually entered numbers by #31# . being unsure which method to use , take a third option and a look at prefixer , which should be able to do the one or the other for you -- depending on how you configure that app .
you can not drag in-route points of a given android-google-maps route , you can instead drag departure and arrival spots ' a/b ' spots . drag in-route points is indeed a very interesting feature , but not available in google maps android version yet . you can drag the markers by doing : ( click images for larger variant when needed ) first open gmaps and hit second bottom icon : then you select either my location or a point in the map : in the example , i selected a point in the map : same step with destination : you touch wherever you want the point in the map : hit main option to get route : and then when you see departure/arrival green markers in the screen , you can just tap and hold to drag them to other locations . route gets auto updated to new locations .
you do not need an external tool for this . on the versions of the play store with the new " simplified " permissions dialog , you can still find a full list of permissions from the app 's store page ( the screen with the icon at the top , description , screenshots , and c . ) . scroll down to the bottom of the page . under " additional information " you will see " permissions " with a link " view details " . click this link to see a dialog with the list of individual permissions . however , if you do want an external tool , appbrain is an alternative web front-end to the play store , and lists the permissions individually for each app . from there you can click through to install the app from the real play store . not all apps appear on appbrain , but many of them do , especially the popular apps . there is also a resource offered by izzy , a good friend of this site . his website offers a curated list of apps , searchable by permissions . it also gives a fuller description of each permission , and highlights interesting combinations . because apps are added to his site by a manual process , it is a very small list compared to the huge number of apps on the play store , but consists of a good range of recommended and popular apps in different categories .
when i had the original nexus 7 ( now dead ) , there was no way to delete a page from the homescreen . so , i am not surprised the nexus 7 v2 still does not have this feature . on the original nexus 7 , i flashed the cyanogenmod rom , which uses the trebuchet launcher . this launcher had the feature to delete a page from the homescreen . if flashing a new rom is overkill , you can install a new launcher , as t0mm13b suggested . i personally use nova launcher on my samsung galaxy s4 , which lets me delete a home screen by launching Nova Settings from the home screen ( via left soft key ) , and going to Desktop &gt; Home Screens .
give this a go : try to stay away from magnetic fields as far as you can open gps essentials and tap on compass ( calibration will not work when the compass is not showing ) put the phone on a flat surface with the display pointing up move the phone slowly , 5 seconds per full rotation is ok rotate the phone three full cycles around the axis pointing upward rotate the phone three full cycles around the axis pointing away from you rotate the phone three full cycles around the axis pointing right the direction of rotation does not matter this should fix your problem . credit to lepidas on xda
do not know of any youtube option for that end , but if you are open to use an app to limit other apps , you can give a go to onavo count | monitor data that has an option to limit the app to wi-fi only : save money on your mobile bill - avoid costly overage fees ! onavo count puts you in control of your 3g data plan . easy setup , three brand new widgets , tailored alerts and automatic blocking tools will keep you safe from bloated data bills .
solved this , it wasnt quite blocking mode , but close . the tablet seems to have a device to suppress icons from being shown , where the wifi toggle buttons are in task bar , there is an option entitled notifications , which when toggled on can suppress icons being present in this area .
i completely forgot about the adb_usb . ini file in the \USER_NAME\.android folder . added 0x0C2E to the bottom , restarted adb and all is good . so , full instructions : get device hardware ids from device manager in the form of USB\VID_1234&amp;PID_5678&amp;MI_90 enable driver : open file \android-sdks\extras\google\usb_driver\android_winusb.inf add under both [Google.NTx86] [Google.NTamd64]  save and close . installing drive : find device in device manager and update driver . choose browse let me pick have disk browse select \android-sdks\extras\google\usb_driver\android_winusb.inf ok choose Android Composite ADB Inerface next accept unsigned warning if shown . for windows 8 you may need to enable the installation of unsigned drivers , just google it . update adb : open file \USE_NAME\.android\adb_usb.ini add to the bottom 0x1234 ( this is the vid part with the 0x identifying it as hexadecimal ) save and close restart the adb by either eclipse : show the Devices view click the facing down triangle in the top right corner of the view click reset adb command prompt : open command prompt cd to your \android-sdks\platform-tools\ folder run adb kill-server run adb start-server all done .
most probably your internal memory is too low . you can not access it without rooting your device . and it will not be visible in your pc/desktop anyways with a usb connection . ( it can not be mounted ) from what i understand your htc desire device has 512 mb of internal rom which is used for both your stock firmware and user installed apps . the 512 mb storage may be divided into several partitions . system partition holds your rom ( firmware ) and may include apps which came per-installed when you purchased the device . the data partition is where your apps are stored . to check , how much actual space you have for data partition- go to settings -> applications menu . you should get a list of installed apps with available storage at bottom like this , this will be the actual memory available to you . to increase this , you could try moving apps to sd card ( which i believe you have already tried ) . root your device and delete unwanted system apps ( bloatware ) install a custom rom , with app2sd/data2sd scripts , which enables you to use a ext3/ext4 partition on your sd card to use for installing apps . ( a 1gb partition would do fine . ) although there is a alternative too , which can help you move some of the apps which are by default not enabled for moving to sd card . requirements an android device ( obviously . . ) ( root not required ) usb cable a pc ( any os will do windows , mac or linux ) android sdk or replacement for adb ( install android sdk from official site . use drivers for your device ) steps run command prompt or terminal use command ' adb devices ' ( will show list of connected devices ) ( you should have android sdk 's path/platform-tools in your classpath ) use command ' adb shell ' ( will open a $ prompt ) use command ' pm setinstalllocation 2 ' ( will set default install location to sd card ) ( 0 for auto , 1 for internal , 2 for sd card ) now whatever new apps you install will be installed to sd card . they will still take space on internal memory in data partition though for dalvik cache , app-cache , private-cache etc . note-> if you want to revert back to original use option 0 in step 4 . i have seen some weird behavior with this , apps which are set to install in sd card by default ( i.e. . games like angry bird ) , are installed in internal . you could just move them to external though . my advice would be to use this command to enable moving to sd card and then revert back .
slashgear has an article with a set of pictures showing the internals of the archos 7 , slashgear : archos 7 home tablet clears fcc picture 6 on this page has the wifi module and antenna labelled , unfortunately as i do not have one i can not quite work out the orientation of the parts in that picture as to how they relate to the full device , you might be able to . there are also a number of videos on youtube and elsewhere on the web of it being taken to pieces by owners where you can see the internals , search for something like " archos 7 disassembled " to find them .
all antivirus applications on all platforms will impact the performance of the device . this is because they intercept your actions and check them for unwanted effects . you say you have installed anti-viruses - plural . if you install more than one such application on any device they will start to check upon each other . this will have a significant cumulative affect which will be immediately noticeable . if you have installed more than one , then uninstall in the reverse order of installation .
a friend showed me how to , you go to the camera app 's settings , then go to " quick launch " , and check " launch and capture " . it was set on " launch only ( still camera ) " .
app specific settings are usually stored in the internal storage folder accessible only to that app . while apps do have the ability to write to external storage and lose access to that data when you mount it , i doubt that is the case here . when you install and move an app to the sd card , you are not moving the entire app . some core content of the app still stays on the internal storage . however , moving an app to the external storage has some interesting side effects . the app is completely disabled when you connect your device to the computer , on pre honeycomb devices . android 3.0 onwards , the usb storage was switched to mtp , which allows the device and the computer to access the storage simultaneously . in your case , when you connect to the computer , the apps on the sd card are disabled , causing them to disappear temporarily . as for them not reappearing when you disconnect and restart your phone suggests that there is a bug in the launcher you are using . try using a different third party launcher instead .
summing up : cyanogenmod from at least v7 up has , as usual , alerts for battery low . it can appear in different places : in the notification bar ( ryan conrad ) on the lock screen ( onik ) i rawly remember even having seen a toast displayed . according to onik , there should be a setting somewhere to toggle the alert sound for this event on/off -- and according to this cm forum post . . . led lights are in cm settings , while low battery sound is in phone/sound settings . i was able to find the sound at the end of the mentioned list with cm 7.2 ( but not 7.0.3 ) , but nothing in cm settings specific to the battery low event . though : if really needed , this should be quite easily established using tasker . . .
summing up from the comments on the question itself , so it does not " get lost": as ce4 pointed out : the READ_LOGS permission requested by the app grants it access to the system logs , which might include sensitive information logged by other apps ( also system apps ) . however note , that this specific problem has been adressed by google with jelly bean onwards ( apps can only read their very own logs , and not everything in the log since then ) . so the READ_LOGS permission on android 4.1+ is safe . you can install the app without fear on jelly bean devices ( but not ics and below ) . pdroid if one has cyanogenmod ( or a compatible rom ) installed , there is the option to use pdroid in one of its incarnations . visit the xda-developers for information on . . . the openpdroid autopatcher , working on linux , macosx , and meanwhile also windows . with this tool you can patch a rom image so it will contain the pdroid functionality . the openpdroid project . this thread gives you detailed information on what openpdroid is , what it does , what features it includes , and more . pdroid 2.0 , which now also offers support for stock roms . tons of screenshots there , for sure an interesting read ! still , pdroid is nothing for android newbies to install -- it is not like just picking an .apk and go . all pdroid incarnations require you to patch an existing rom image file , which you then must flash to your device . so no easy-go . lbe lbe privacy guard , on the other hand , can just be installed straight from the playstore if you run android 4.0 or below . there are issues with jellybean like e.g. boot-loops , so do not install the playstore version on jellybean devices ! at least not if it was not updated may 2013 or later . you have been warned ! for jellybean users , again xda is a good source : some busy members took care to translate the chinese lbe安全大师 ( lbe security master ) to different languages . the thread can be found here , and this version does not boot-loop jellybean . xprivacy xprivacy is pretty new in this area ( i just discovered it recently , after i wrote this answer -- so i felt the need to update it ) . as with the other mentioned solutions , it requires a rooted device . in order to install the app , you also need a custom recovery such as e.g. clockworkmod or twrp . xprivacy is based on the xposed-framework , so you will need that as well . requiring android 4.1 or higher , this seems a nice option for those having used lbe privacy guard before , and do not want to use the overloaded lbe security master on jellybean . from its behavior it is comparable to lbe : on a per-app basis , permissions can be set separately . in most cases , if you " revoke " a permission , " fake data " will be served instead -- with two exceptions , where this seems not to be possible ( internet and external storage ) . more details can be found on the project page . cyanogenmod , paranoid android , and co . with privacy guard cm 10.1 nightlies and onwards of cyanogenmod as well as paranoid android already ship with a privacy guard , which lets you define what apps should be placed into " incognito mode " . while that is better than nothing , it is just an on/off switch : either the app is put into " incognito " , or it is not . no selective withdrawal of permissions here . android 4.3+ app-ops with android 4.3 , google finally introduced a kind of " permission manager " . in 4.3 , it is still hidden , but can easily be made available : app-ops allow you a fine grained control over your privacy , almost similar to what pdroid , lbe , and xprivacy provide . but just almost : not all permissions can be revoked here ( e . g . network/internet access cannot ) .
this sounds a bit like a shopping question , which is off-topic here , but as a general answer : yes , it is possible to change tracks from bluetooth headphones . almost all headphones that support a2dp ( advanced audio distribution profile ) , which is required for better quality music streaming , can also handle avrcp ( audio/video remote control profile ) which handles controlling the playback . as an example , i have a samsung sbh-170 , which has buttons for play/pause , next/previous track , volume up/down and call answer . just check that the headphones you are going to buy support a2dp , and most likely they support avrcp as well .
samsung lists the hdmi smart adapter on their website as being compatible with the galaxy note .
go to settings > manage applications or apps ( depending on your rom and version ) . scroll through the list of apps and tap on an app that is the default for some action . this will bring up the app 's properties that show the size of the app and other relevant stuff . if the app is set as the default for a particular action - the clear default button will be active , else it'll be grayed out . as an alternative - check out default app manager - it is an app that has similar functionality .
btep has a " using better terminal emulator pro " page on their wiki which explains most of the special shortcuts and keys . the basic breakdown of what you are looking for is : for directional input : either use a keyboard that supports this or use btep 's virtual direction pad feature . you can access it by tapping the screen when the keyboard is visible , long-pressing the screen when it is not , or pressing the search button . the cursor should change to a &gt; character to indicate you are in vdp mode , and you can swipe your directional input ( i.e. . swipe up for the up key ) . for esc : this is usually mapped by default to the volume up key , but you can remap it to any of the available programmable shortcut keys . you can also press the search button then press [ , since search is mapped to the control character on devices that lack a trackball or dpad ( as well as activating vdp mode ) and ^[ ( ctrl- [ ) is the esc character .
this will not answer your question for google maps , specifically , but have you tried using an offline map application such as mapdroyd ? would that suit your needs ? you download the entire map beforehand and therefore would not have to use your data to view the map .
is the following settings enabled in settings -> account and sync : bakcground data , auto-sync ' sync gmail ' inside your email account
easy tether works for me for usb tethering on os x lion . android.stackexchange.com/q/15735/15, android.stackexchange.com/q/5168/15 to elaborate , here are the steps involved : open the easy tether application on your android device and select usb ( you will see the et notification in the notification bar ) . plug your android device into your machine via usb . open network preferences , select easytether and select connect . also , if you do any android dev , make sure to follow the mobile stream 's faq ( although i just moved the . kext to the trash since kextunload was not working for me ) : adb on mac os x stops recognizing the attached device after installing > easytether driver do not follow this advice if you are not a software developer who uses the android sdk on mac . otherwise run " sudo kextunload /system/library/extensions/easytetherusbethernet . kext " to unload the easytether driver manually . load it again with kextload when/if necessary .
make sure the application is installed internally , and not on to your sd card . from http://android-developers.blogspot.com/2010/07/apps-on-sd-card-details.html : when not to install on sd card ? the advantage of installing on sd card is easy to understand : contention for storage space is reduced . there are costs , the most obvious being that your app is disabled when the sd card is either removed or in usb mass storage mode ; this includes running services , not just interactive activities . aside from this , device removal disables an application’s widgets , input methods , account managers , device administrators , live wallpapers , and live folders , and may require explicit user action to re-enable them .
there is no such thing as an international rom . when you see ( for example ) a cyanogenmod rom " samsung galaxy s iii international " , it means that the rom is for the international variant of the phone hardware , with the right drivers for that phone 's hardware . the international variant might just have a different radio ( to work on the right gsm frequency for your country ) , but sometimes the international variant is a completely different phone , with a different soc or screen , but in the same case . if your phone is an " international " variant , then a rom that is for the us variant will be missing drivers you need . fixing this problem requires finding the correct drivers for your hardware and integrating them into the rom . if there is only one variant of your phone , or the rom is already for the correct variant , then you do not need an " international rom " . the only important difference between roms for different regions ( in this case ) is that they have network settings for networks in that region . you just need to get the right apn settings from your network operator ( you can probably find them on their website ) , go into the mobile networks settings in your phone , and input the correct settings .
its shows that your phone is in extended standby mode . you can find it in Settings-&gt;PowerManagemnet extended standby mode increases the standby time by reducing the background activities when the phone is in standby mode . data will automatically be turned off and background activities will be stopped from waking up , while applications will also be prevented from syncing data . you will still be able to receive calls and texts , while the calendar application and alarms will still feature normally . as soon as you unlock your smartphone it'll go returning to functioning normally . any ongoing downloads or bluetooth transfer will be allowed to complete and once completed data will be turned off . extended standby mode is replaced with stamina mode for xperia running on jellybean or higher source : sony
i have used mortplayer and it supports chapters , multiple bookmarks and remembers your place . as far as chapters go , it depends on how the audio book is setup , most mp3 audio books save each chapter as a different track and that works just fine . also , it is free . while i have not tried it , it is my understanding that ambling book player pro is the cats meow of audio book players , although it costs $9 . i do not really listen to audio books much anymore ( too many podcasts to keep up with ) and i use beyondpod for my economist podcasts . it remembers the last place you were listening but it does not let you set bookmarks .
i had a rom that failed to vibrate certain " very short duration vibrations " ( or those of low strength vibrations ) . i am not sure if its just a hardware limitation of my phone or the rom in particular , but you could try an app like handcent for now and play around the vibration settings in there . handcent sms allows you to fine tune the vibrations , adjust the intervals between each vibrations in milliseconds etc . .
uninstalled , then reinstalled avast . scans now all clear . looks like a definite avast issue .
here is my comment as an answer xd there are custom roms like cyanogenmod that allows you to unlock using your trackball , dont know if there on market is and app for that . . . --some minutes ago . . . -- hey there is one at https://market.android.com/details?id=org.liberty.android.anyunlockfeature=search_result called anyunlock , there are other apps like this . . . . --as you discovered xd -- pd : rate with 100 for the effort :p
open up main settings > applications > manage applications press menu > filter > all search for calendar and calendar storage . clear data for both and then return to the calendar app . choose the calendar ( s ) you want from the options within the calendar app ( if you have more than the default calendar you wish to sync ) and then sync .
i actually got this working again ! ! after opening up the case and googling some of the different numbers printed on chips and the circuit board , i found out that this particular type of tablet can have its firmware flashed by putting the right files on the root of a micro sd card . when it boots up it will automatically check for said files and perform an update all by itself . when it finishes it asks you to remove the sd card and then automatically reboots itself . it took me a few tries to get a good firmware with the majority of features working . some were unstable , some would not boot , some would boot but had no touch screen or soft button support , no camera , gyro , wifi etc . i finally found one that seems stable and has most features working , minus the camera . i have a few more left to try and see if i can get the camera working , but other than that it works great !
what are you putting in for the package name that it does not like ? beginner mode vs non-beginner mode should not matter . package name has to have at least one . in it to be valid . usually you can just use your email backwards along with a unique name for the app . say your email is someone@gmail . com and you are trying to export an app you want to call myapp . the package name could be com . gmail . someone . myapp .
the samsung captivate 's speaker can work its way loose , usually after the phone takes a hard knock ( like being dropped ) . in most cases you can fix it yourself by opening the back and pressing hard on the speaker with your thumb . you should probably power the phone off to do this .
where is it ? it is inside an apk file for some application . can i access it without root access ? you can download the apk to your desktop and unzip it . dolphin hd . . . points to file:///android_asset/new_tab . htm since dolphin hd is not open source ( afaik ) , you have no way of changing this behavior . you also cannot modify this file unless you sign the resulting modified apk file with your own digital signature , in which case you would never again be able to get an update to dolphin hd . you may wish to contact the dolphin hd developers and suggest a feature that meets your needs .
i had same problem before . user:eldarerathis was correct . it is swipe gesture that suppose to hide menu when you do not need it , but afaik , there is no way to turn it off . so , to get it back you should do gesture starting roughly a bit above browser icon and swipe down ( or up ) . i have fixed that another way - simply installed different launcher . problem did not appear
use either of these : busybox busybox pro ( paid ) note this comment in the description : please note i did not write busybox ! i wrote this installer and cross compiled busybox for android . please see the about menu option for more details or here : www.busybox.net if you are installing a custom rom , it might have busybox already ( but usually not pro ) .
the best option ( albeit a rather pricey one ) appears to be the icontrolpad . it was originally designed for use with an iphone but now uses bluetooth to communicate with all bluetooth-enabled devices . it sounds like developers plan on supporting it , but i am not sure how well it will work with current games . edit : i recently became aware of another bluetooth gamepad that caters specifically to smartphones . it is called the bluetooth game gripper . there is an andoinica article about it here , and the kickstarter project is here . however , it does not appear that the maker has garnered enough vc to get the project off the ground , so i am not sure of the current status .
summary from my comments , as requested , as an answer : there are plenty of other headset controller apps on the playstore if you are worried about the permissions . i tried jays once , but it only worked partially ( in 9 out of 10 tries , i had no luck to adjust the volume -- instead , other actions were triggered , as e.g. pause/play ) . having a philips headset , i tried philips headset -- and am quite satisfied : volume control , play/pause/skip , accept/refuse/hangup call , all possible smoothly . most of the headset control apps want to make calls . as my device is rooted , i control such things with the lbe app : neither jays nor philips headset abused this privilege . most headset control apps seem to work with most headsets , more or less . as my example with jays and a philips headset shows , some features might not be available/working . but you cannot break anything trying . so i would suggest to give it a try first : if one app does not work out , try another . if none works the way you need it , you still can go for another headset ; having checked some of the control apps , you then already know which companies have a specific app . as said , my philips headset works fine with the philips app -- others reported the same for jays . reading the comments will give you more details and help you finding a good combination .
while i 100% agree with liam 's answer , there are still solutions for countries where that law does not apply ( and to tell you a big secret : those solutions even work when the law is in effect -- but then you run the risk of punishment yourselves if you use such a solution where you should not ) . searching the playstore for " shutter sound off " yields more than 100 results . as usual , not all of them are really hits : most of the " spy cams " surely will disable the sound , but most likely you want to use your own camera app , and not one of those . if you are rooted , you can simply delete the sound file for the camera shutter sound . aside from this , an article on androidadvices offers 3 different solutions : put your phone in silent mode by keeping the incoming calls ring volume to zero you can keep your phone in silent and thereby there will be no sound when you take a snap or record a video . this is the easiest way by which you can turn off the shutter sound . but mind you that you will not be notified of any incoming calls or any sms or email that you receive . i.e. , to stop shutter sound you need to put your phone in silent mode . use uva silent widget camera android app ( well , or one of the others from above search results ) install cyanogenmod once the cyanogenmod 7.1.0 up and installed on your rooted phone , you need to go through the settings &gt ; cyanogenmod settings &gt ; sound and then select mute camera shutter . on some devices with ics , the camera app itself offers a feature to disable the shutter sound :
i believe it is a no to both those questions . yes you can clear default associations only if you know which app is associated with with Intent ( you will still be prompted with the dialog asking you which app you had like to use with the current Intent ) . apart from that there is no way to clear associations . they are hard coded inside each app , there is no way to remove them . update : to answer your edited question head to settings > applications > manage applications find your application that you chose as your default app for that intent , click clear defaults
not possible at this time . this answer in the google support forums indicates that it can not be done , but that it will be forwarded on as a feature request .
things like this sometimes happen when something gets stuck in cache . to solve that , the easiest approach is : boot into recovery select to " wipe cache " which works for both , stock recovery ( aka "3e" ) and custom recoveries . of course , with a custom recovery you can also " wipe dalvik " – does not hurt , just causes a longer first-boot after that . side effect might even be improved performance , especially when you frequently install/update/uninstall apps , as this wipe forces the entire dalvik cache to be rebuilt cleanly . the important part however is the " normal cache " , where it is more common that " things get stuck " .
also see http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=734138 for a discussion about how they might . mechanisms other than apn change might include time to live request header data volume answer seems to be probably not .
not likely , the flash storage itself usually have built-in hardware wear leveling , yaffs2 is only advantageous when the flash storage does not have hardware wear levelling . however if you are reformatting a flash storage , do check that the flash storage have hardware wear leveling ; most flash storage that originally ships with ext4 ( e . g . nexus s ) should come with hardware wear leveling , but if the device originally ships with yaffs2 or other file systems that does not do wear leveling , they might not have hardware wear leveling . on these file systems , you might need additional steps to ensure that a lower level driver do software wear leveling if you want to safely install ext4 ( or other filesystems that does not do wear leveling ) .
theming is independent of the launcher , although both may be considered part of the ui ; for example , the touchwiz launcher and theme are elements of samsung 's touchwiz ui . my samsung vibrant is running a custom rom called bionix , and they have re-themed the device so my checkboxes look like this ( perhaps the only thing i dislike about the rom ) :
basically , yes . that is samsung 's ui/framework , touchwiz . other manufacturers have their own uis as well , including htc 's sense and motorola 's motoblur . the nexus s has the " stock " android ui .
the following application : soundabout allows you to disable the headphone plug/unplug event detection in the settings : select wired headset behaviour and remove the tick from the wired headset detection ( ticked by default ) from my understanding what it basically does is that it registers a broadcast receiver for the following broadcast with the intent : intent . action_headset_plug and the receiver cancels the event using the abortbroadcast method . as previously mentioned by @nightcrawler most media player on android like poweramp , play music , vlc etc all have an extra setting to specify their behaviour on a headphone plug/unplug event ( ignore/comply )
this sounds like the x10 's calendar app ( and possibly its settings ) . a quick ' google resulted in this quote from a groups discussion that relates to your problem : i have found that in at least one scenario , the x10 mini calendar app itself is to blame . when i installed the app " business calendar free " on my x10 mini pro , i could see everything and sync flawlessly , while the built-in calendar still showed nothing . have you tried a 3rd-party calendar app like the aforementioned business calendar ? if a 3rd-party app works you will at least know where to start digging . it also happens to be an app i use and recommend as a replacement for stock calendar apps , problems or not .
with most ota updates someone inevitably pulls the raw . zip file off some server and posts it online for others to use before they get the official ota notice on their phones . if your phone is currently on build number grh78 then download this . zip file . if your phone is currently on grh78c then download this . zip file . rename it update.zip and place it in the root folder of your sdcard . shut your phone off . hold down the volume up and power buttons at the same time to access the bootloader . use the volume keys to navigate to recovery . press the power button to select it . you should see a triangle with an exclamation point in it . hold down the power button and tap the volume up button to access the recovery menu . use the volume keys to navigate to apply update from /sdcard , select it with the power button , choose update.zip and press the power button to start the update . when the update is complete , reboot your phone . ( these instructions were taken mostly from http://www.intomobile.com/2011/02/24/how-to-manually-update-your-nexus-s-to-android-2-3-3/ except for the download links . i do not own a nexus s and have not tested this personally . if these instructions look incorrect to you [ or anyone else ! ] do not use them . if at any step during the update process the instructions do not line up with what you see , you should stop proceeding and use menu options to back as far out as you can from the menus . i am not responsible for anything that happens to your phone , good or bad . )
yes this is possible . power adapter can be plugged into tablet or dock . it is possible to charge the tablet from the dock while the dock is being charged , remove the tablet , use tablet , return to dock for charging . hope this helps pete
i found a workaround , downloaded a firmware from http://www.sammobile.com/firmware/ and updated my galaxy s3 with that using odin . upon first reboot my phone hangs showing only boot screen with samsung logo for about 2 hours , then i restarted phone in clockworkmod recovery did a wipe data / factory reset and then restarted the phone again , i got the default firmware back . then connected the phone to pc using kies and upgraded the firmware .
no , there is no public api that allows developers to create camera apps that takes raw photos . based on what i have read in dpreview.com, implementation would have to be at driver level , and specific to each device . also , raw files taken by camera phones would also look nasty .
to fix my device i did the following : pull the battery to get the device to stay off ( if you are quick you might be able to hold the power button and select shut down before it reboots ) while the device is off hold both volume buttons and the power button . this will bring up a bootloader menu use the volume buttons to change selection to " recovery mode " press power button to select once there is an android guy with an exclamation on the screen press volume up+power at the same time . i had to try a few times to get it to work . seems like you have to hit them in just the right way . this will bring you to another menu that you navigate with volume buttons and select with power . choose " factory reset " wait several minutes for the reset to complete . once it is done select reboot . at this point my device booted back up fine but was still stuck in a boot loop . i panicked slightly get the device to the off state again . either by pulling the battery or holding power and selecting shut down from the menu quickly while it is actually on . i went with the latter this time , though i did have to be quick about it to not be interrupted by a reboot . press the power button to begin turning the device on when you see the " google " logo press and hold the volume down button . continue holding the volume down button until the device is fully up and running . you should see " safe mode " in the lower left corner . while in safe mode my device did not reboot itself . i took this opportunity to complete all of the device setup menus once done setting up the device i turned it off and back on in the normal manner once it came back up it was no longer stuck in boot-loop . note : i factory reseted the device because it is not the phone i carry and it had nothing i cared about on it . if you are having this issue with your real phone i suggest trying safe mode before resetting as the actual reset did not seem to fix it .
i also hit this issue . i even went as far as downloading the ics source code . it would seem that the music app on the nexus is " google music " , whereas the old music player is " android music " . the old one is actually included in the source code , but it is not installed as part of the standard image . i actually compiled the old one , and installed it , and when i created playlists there , they were visible to other apps . i suspect that because " google music " can do much more - cloud storage , music store etc . this means that it stores playlists differently . for example , an external app would not know what to do with a playlist which included content which needed to be streamed from google music ( and probably would not be able to access the service . i think google are changing the strategy in the apis . they now want you to use music controls to play the music in its default player . this makes some sense , but makes it very difficult to support apps which work in &lt ; 3.0 and > 3.0 , and will probably become more complicated as more people manually download google music .
i am not sure is dvorak is available on stock firmware for optimus v , but there are many 3rd-party keyboard apps on the market that have it ( some require a separate download via a plugin . ) once installed , activate it by going to Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Language &amp; keyboard , and marking the checkbox next to the newly installed keyboard app . then bring up any text field ( e . g . google search ) and long-press it . tap on the " input method " menu item , and you will be presented with the list of all currently installed and enabled keyboard apps . select the one which has dvorak layout and you will immediately be able to use it .
this can e.g. be realized using tasker ( in fact , i am even using it that way for " prolonged screen timeout " with reading apps ) : condition : app ( opens a popup to select one ore multiple apps , chose the ones you want to act upon ) task : keyguard ( disable ) display -> timeout ( optionally increase display timeout ) the tasks would be executed as soon as one of the selected apps is running in foreground , and reverted to what it was before as soon as the condition no longer is met . note : i know that tasker does not come cheap ( ~5 bucks ) , but it is worth every cent . to " try before buy " , visit its homepage , where you can download a 7-day-trial .
there are several possibilities : manually setting all volumes to 0 , except for those channels you want to keep ( e . g . alerts , notifications , system ) . issue : on some devices/systems some channels seem to be " locked together " , so as soon as e.g. volume for calls is increased , some other slider increases automatically along . an app like audio control might help on that . same thing , but use some automation tool ( e . g . tasker ) . this might work-around the slider-lock . disabling notifications from the app ( might not work if the app does not count that as " notification" ) if root access is available : replace/remove the corresponding sound file ( credits go to dan for this ) using a helper like app override . unfortunately this is no longer available on google play , so i linked to the original thread on xda .
this is most likely caused by moboplayer being the only installed app having itself registered for mp3 capabilities . if you install any app which also announces this to the system ( e . g . a second player ) , you should be prompted which one to use . of course this would only offer moboplayer and that second app as choices . alternatively , you might take a look at open with . i did not test it , but according to its description it should intercept here and offer you to select the target app you want to use . not sure if it only integrates with the " share " menu -- but certainly worth a try .
i believe it means the battery is overheating .
auto wifi toggle has been getting quite a lot of traction this past week and it looks like it may be what you are looking for . it will search for wifi networks in your range every interval ( set by user ) and then connect to them . auto wifi toggle :
google reader is a cloud-based feed reader service . on top of this service , there are many apps as a front-end to user . e.g. - official google reader apps ( web , android ) , feedly ( firefox , android ) etc . google currents is a front-end digital magazine/ newspaper delivery app ( with cloud sync ) available to android and ios ( no web interface yet ) . google currents can read feeds , but it was not designed for that . google has a vision attached with it : real digital magazine/ newspaper delivery which is beyond normal feed reading ! see the differences : feed publishers do not have control of content display in end app , but currents publishers do have . they can divide their currents in sections , sub-sections . they can decide the layout of this digital magazine etc . its not just nice looking magazine interface . . its more than that . feedly , which sync with google reader , also provides magazine interface , but its not really a magazine . think about your real-world magazine reading experience . currents can be premium . current publishers can charge you which is not possible with google reader . while there is a concept of premium feeds ( which is rare ) , google reader can only subscribe it . but , google currents can be marketplace for that . google currents can not replace google reader because its different thing . if you do not have special interest in those hand-created digital publications , go for google reader . you can use it on web , windows , mac , ubuntu etc along with tablets and smartphones ( all in sync for read/unread status , starred items ) . you can have thousands of interface choices thanks to google reader api . and yes , you can always mix feeds in google reader to create your own feed dj ( which is not possible with google currents ) .
since i do not know what the password is , i played around with it and failed enough times that it told me that if i failed one more time i could lose data on the sd card . so i failed one more time ( i did not care about the sd card ) and it did the reset just fine .
from what i recall , that report does not show anything that has used less than 1% . considering how much of it is screen usage , i will bet that that is the issue .
palliatively , i installed kingsoft office , although it is so big for my device ( it is about 13mb in size , and all my internal storage is just 180mb ) . . . so i had to remove some apps to install it . well , it does the work well : show special characters without issues . but i wait for a solution for polaris office . . .
you still need to develop android-specific apps , but you should be able to reuse most of your code if you a rewriting a desktop air app for android . so users can not just grab a regular air app and run it on their phone , unfortunately .
no . there are alternative , customisable sms apps though , like chompsms or handcent sms .
directions taken from omg ! ubuntu ! . i’m assuming you backed up your data . download the corresponding android image from google . extract the downloaded zip . connect your nexus 7 to the computer with the usb cable . open a terminal window and type : adb reboot-bootloader , this will reboot the tablet into the android bootloader . in the terminal , use the cd command to enter the folder created after you extracted the previously downloaded zip , for example , Desktop/&lt;name of extracted folder&gt; once there , run the shell script : sudo ./flash-all.sh and wait for it to complete .
it is always a good idea to save numbers in canonical format , this ensures that you will be able to call the contacts if you are roaming in an foreign country . you issue is surely related to the android rom you are using . you could try to use another rom . but as i stated before , saving the numbers in a canonical format will be the best solution .
go to Settings -&gt; Accounts and sync: ensure auto-sync is checked . check the relevant accounts to see if sync is enabled for them ( click the account and see what is checked off ) .
features appbrain has that the market site does not : ability to save lists and keep them private or share them appbrain reviews on top of market reviews more sharing options more filtering options for browsing lists of popular apps app recommendations based on what you have installed shows the total amount you have spent on paid apps features the market site has that appbrain does not : two added categories : widgets and live wallpapers ability to install to device from websites without having to have an addon app that you have to periodically reauthorize like appbrain easily choose which device to install to if you have multiple devices ability to buy apps from the site shows videos that the developers have added to their market page these are all obviously subject to change .
error code 331 is an error that you would get back from the sms gateway . it means : no network service is available . if you continue to get that message , i suggest you call your carrier .
here is a summary of how i have implemented it . besides tasker , i also used : autonotification , for a richer notification . sms popup , for suppressing sms notification for the balance responses . sms auto delete , for silently deleting those sms responses after a while . profiles request balance on calls - on outgoing call , call balance before call , on exit call balance after call . process received balance - on sms received from the balance numbers , call process balance . show balance summary - on balance variable set , call show balance . tasks balance before call AutomatedBalance = Yes CheckConsumption = Yes Request balance by SMS  balance after call Wait 15 seconds Unset CheckConsumption Request balance by SMS Flash "Balance has been requested"  process balance show balance
check out " need to write " in the market ! i just wrote this app so i am shamelessly advertising it everywhere . i was facing the same problems , so i made it to have no file size limit other than your sdcard size . ntw lets you display and edit files small chunks of the file at a time .
after trying a lot of different recovery images finally one of them worked . cwm 5.0.2.7 flashed successfully . people with the same problem can download the working recovery image file from this link
you need to enable Unknown sources in the android settings ( on my device it is in the Security section ) . also enable USB debugging in Developer options .
no , there will not be an app that changes it since it is in the system . you have to have root to change system settings . once you root , there may be a developer who has a file you can flash that will do it for you . i am sure that if you thought it was annoying , so has a developer . it is only slightly easier than changing it yourself .
when your phone is not turned on it can not have a adb service running ( disregarding the possible technical difficulties it would also be a security issue . ) try the following instead : 1 . take out your battery and connect the phone to a charger 2 . your phone should now turn on . 3 . insert your battery . it worked on my current and on my previous phones ( zte blade and huawei u8220 ) but it may vary by model and manufacturer .
dolphin mini blog post documents how to download the pdf file . q2: how to download pdf files ? a2: 1 ) long press the link of pdf files , choose the “save link” option in context menu . 2 ) click “download” option at the bottom of the page after you click the link .
i ended up using epub2go . com to convert the pdfs to epub format then used aldiko to read them .
i do not know about older versions of android , but from my 2.1 version it is pretty straight-forward . from the home screen go to settings and tap " wireless and networks . " then " vpn settings " and add vpn and follow the prompts from there .
turns out this was caused by twilight , which had an option that can fix the install issue . with " auto-pause in specified apps " ticket , and " apk installer ( button fix ) " , the problem goes away .
i am suspecting , after reading the logcat and dump , the kernel killed off quite a few processes , whether its down to the rom itself , or a buggy ril ( radio interface layer ) , ril is responsible for communicating with the cellular radio base-band firmware . this is the excerpt from the kernel , showing dolphin , alarm clock , google voice ( ? ) getting killed off : this is the excerpt from the telephony , note the gap in time logged , last logged at 19:23:48.949 and 19:35:33.144 : further on in the log related to telephony : the nitz ( network identity and time zone ) crops up a fair bit too , as shown below within the same telephony log , iirc , nitz handling was not exactly great up to ics , in which a patch was made to handle the handling of the timezones ( either roaming when browsing the net or something awry went wrong with the ril : the telephony errors shown , are sticking out like a sore thumb , and also down to the fact that froyo 2.2 , is old , and may not be able to handle whatever issue is with at and t that causes it . also , at and t could have had their systems updated/upgraded , that is sending out extra telephony information/nitz in a format that froyo cannot handle and freezes . best bet would be to try a firmware update and see if that resolves the issue . prior to doing an update , since the handset is rooted , best to make a backup of everything , use titanium backup to backup user apps and data , use sms backup and restore to save the sms messages . it will be inevitable that the upgrade will lose root , but then again , it would be easy to do that after the upgrade .
there is a beta version floating around xda . ymmv . this is being developed particularly for the s2 , although it might work with other devices having ffcs ( front facing cameras ) as well . see this thread for more details .
this is certainly possible with tasker , though i cannot give you the " complete recipe " . basically , you could create a task like this : execute command : ls -1 /path/to/your/files , and capture the output into a variable the command will list all files in the given directory , one file per line work on the variable . there are possibilities to convert it into an array , so you can use a for loop to handle each file again with variables , you can setup the rename command ( e . g . using variable search replace ) in a new variable . pseudo-code : mv "$old_name" "$(s/ /_/,$old_name)" but it is much easier to use a simple shell script in some terminal app ( or via adb shell ) to achieve the same : cd /path/to/your/files for file in $(ls -1); do mv "$file" "$(echo $file|sed 's/ /_/g')"; done 
same as in normal chat . one person read message . -- drklo (github.com) source : https://github.com/drklo/telegram/issues/397
audio routing would have to be set in the application code itself . however , direct audio routing is deprecated since api level 5 ( android 2.0 ) . older versions of android navigation had this direct audio routing set to the route_speaker in their application code . but the newer versions of android have a system wide flag set with setspeakerphoneon or setbluetoothscoon if it should use the speaker or bluetooth . i am afraid that you will not be able to change anything about your setup since it is all build into the system and application code . all sounds will be routed through the same audio output in the newer versions of android and android navigation .
google dashboard is a service for accessing a simple view of the data associated with a google account . with dashboard you can also get a list of your android apps that store data in the google cloud , the dates of their latest backups , the amount of storage they use , and some additional data such as the date you first registered the device . to access this information : visit google dashboard at https://www.google.com/dashboard enter your google username and password , and log in scroll down to section " android devices " click the " more data stored about this device " link under your device names 's entry
finally found the answer . i had four google accounts - one of them could not sync because it required domain policy to be enforced , and i had not allowed that . i connected the tablet to my laptop and used adb logcat to see what was being logged when the error was displayed : ( these messages were repeated several times ) . i guessed that the errant account may have been involved ( even though it was not the account i was trying to active now with ) , removed the account from the device and all is well .
technically , as a root user , you can achieve every exclusive thing what a custom rom offers . but , its not always as easy as replacing home launcher . what if you need to replace kernel for better overclocking support . . . a custom rom is actually pre-cooked out-of-box firmware packaging ( with specialized feature ) . remember , popular custom roms ( like cyanogen mod ) are generally backed by an expert developers team or community . so , even if you have expertise of doing every such things in your rooted device , its very difficult to match a team or community . and , do not forget those nasty bugs and security loopholes . . . the main advantage of custom roms : those who have expertise of doing everything with rooted device , generally cook their own rom . it is because custom roms can be deployed to multiple devices . think how you would port your customizations to other devices . . . its a big hassle than cooking own rom .
try the app screen filter , it does just what you need with no extra hassle .
if you can access apx mode , you can restore a stock rom using easy flasher . the steps are the following : check if your asus transformer is supported . download easy flasher download the latest stock rom from asus website . copy the update zip to asusupdate folder ( inside easy flasher folder ) . open easy flasher and hit flash asus stock zip the application will install the stock rom back to your transformer , so from there you can root or install a custom rom without problems .
when such a notification appears . . . open your notification area long-press on the notification . this opens the app 's settings in the system configuration . here you can disable all notifications from the app . this is a feature introduced with jellybean -- as you have stated your device is running android 4.1.2 , this setting should be available to you .
the new google hangouts ( that replaces the talk app on android and is available as a chrome extension ) appears to resolve this issue . you can move freely between the android app and the desktop and continue the conversation , with the full chat history visible . hangouts is not quite a separate application on the desktop , as it is installed as a chrome extension , but it uses the chrome api and runs as a background app ( when chrome is not running ) and appears as an icon in the system tray ( optional ) . i have only just started using it and reviews are mixed , but it seems pretty good so far . incidentally , you do need to be using " hangouts " on all devices . i first updated the android talk app ( the " talk " app is replaced with " hangouts" ) . whilst this communicated ok with a remote user on gtalk , i still had the issue of the local gtalk desktop client not being updated .
try long-pressing the Search button . it should be tied to voice search by default . then say " dial xxx " , where " xxx " is either a phone number ( with the area code ) or name of a contact from your phonebook . here are all the voice actions you can perform with the voice search app : http://www.google.com/mobile/voice-actions/ note : according to google 's last blog post on the subject , voice actions via this app only work in english language . you might need to change your phone 's locale to " us " or " uk " in order to get this to work .
as best as i can tell on grepcode , functionality relating to walled gardens ( captive portals ) was added to WifiWatchdogStateMachine.java in 4.0.1 . i can not find it listed in the android api reference to confirm exactly when it was added , but that would seem to match with your nexus 10 having the feature but not your htc desire .
look at something black ( e . g . an image of only black ) on your phone , and shut off the lights . if you have got an amoled screen , it should be pure black ( virtually no light emanating ) . with an lcd it will be significantly brighter/greyish .
to be honest , i would just search the android market and then try things out . " the best " android apps are going to be generally subjective , and there is typically several apps that perform any given task . you could also look at some of these older ( mostly cw ) questions : android market - want to see best applications alternative android app markets must have applications for android ?
as stated already , one solution would be to use an app that lets you synchronize with dropbox . i personally already used dropsync . it works flawlessly , however , the free version only lets you sync one main folder . so that was not really an option . the solution i just came up with is making good use of the tasker app yet again . tell tasker if the camera or gallery apps are running and mobile data is enabled , disable mobile data . then as exit task ( to be executed when camera/gallery get closed ) re-enable mobile data . dropbox will then upload all the shots i did not delete right away using the camera/gallery app .
according to the galaxy player wikipedia page the differences are : galaxy player 4 ( yp-g1 ) the galaxy player 4 features a 4" super fine lcd . it had a flash internal storage of 8 gb or 16 gb that can be expanded with microsd card . galaxy player 5 ( yp-g70 ) the galaxy player 5 features a 5" tft lcd . it had a flash internal storage of 8 gb or 16 gb that can be expanded with microsd card . galaxy player 50 ( yp-g50 ) the yp-g50 model carries a 3.2" lcd tft instead of the amoled which is used by samsung in most of its phones . the screen has a 240×400 resolution . it has a flash internal storage of 16 gb or 32 gb that can be expanded with a microsd card . so the main differences are the size and quality of the screen ( and the device ) , and the internal memory capacity . essentially the "50" has the smallest , worst quality screen , but ( depending which capacity you get ) has the most internal memory , the "4" and "5" are larger devices with better quality , larger screens but ( potentially ) not as much internal memory . according to another review i found : . . . 4.0 and 5.0 have almost the same specifications . . . the 4 inch version has a battery capacity of 1200mah , whereas the 5 inch version is 2500mah so the "5" has a larger battery which should last longer , though this may be offset slightly by the larger screen , and will also make the device slightly bigger and heavier than the "4" . battery life should be better than equivalent phone models ( especially if you switch off wifi when you are not using it ) , as the phone 's wireless radio is one of the largest battery hogs in the device . full size and weight specs of the devices are in the sidebar on the wikipedia page . so it looks like none of the devices are " better " than the others , they all appear to have their own benefits but are aimed at different buyers .
[ moving from comments to answer ] this could be an issue with either debugging mode switched on or the power source itself ! please try on ac power , this is a known issue with quite a few phones ! in fact i had this issue with my n7000 running cm10 , the phone is just lying around now . just to be sure , is usb debugging off ? just to see if that is the issue for me , i tried different sockets at home with my old phone ! it varies based on the power supply . all i can say is stop charging through these faulty places
workaround : i am pretty sure got fixed after i enabled and disabled " mobile hotspot " so while i am answering my own question , i will accept any answer that describes how to disable this faulty behavior
unless you wipe all your data before the update , you do not need to reinstall applications or restore application data . but when flashing a completely different new rom , it is recommended to do a full wipe before proceed . further more , if you are planing to do a full wipe you can use a application like my backup pro or titanium backup to back up all your applications and data .
with tasker you can automate this to have different screen time-out values depending whether or not your phone is connected to a power source : create a new profile and name it " screen timeout " . for context select State -> Power -> Power . select " any " for source and press the ok button . tap " new task " , name it " increase timeout " and tap the " ok " button . tap the + button to add a new action , select Display category , and then Display Timeout action . drag the sliders for " secs " , " mins " or " hours " to your desired values for when the phone is connected to a power source . tap the " ok " button , and then tap it again . long-press the " increase timeout " action and select Add Exit Task option . tap " new task " , name it " decrease timeout " and tap the " ok " button . tap the + button to add a new action , select Display category , and then Display Timeout action . drag the sliders for " secs " , " mins " or " hours " to your desired values for when the phone is running on battery . tap the " ok " button , and then tap it again . ensure the tasker is enabled by toggling it on ( switch at bottom-right corner ) and then tap the " ok " button . you should be all set . if you want to get fancy , you can add actions to both tasks to display toast messages .
is there a way to hack the market/play app so that it can not delete apps from the phone without specific authorization from the user ? yes , there are tools to decompile an apk and dex files and make modifications and put them back together again ; you will need root , the appropriate softwares , lots of knowledge about dalvik and java bytecode , and many weekends spent on reading . also be warned that you are breaching the tos of google play . and . . . good luck , you will need it .
i do not believe this is the way google drive works . the app , if i am not mistaken , allows you to view ( and edit some google documents ) but maintains them in the cloud . while it does allow you to download them , it saves them to your download folder for local use only . you can choose photos you have taken from your gallery and upload them to google drive , but ( if i am not mistaken ) , there is no automatic folder syncing option . you can use google+ though . it automatically adds all your photos to a google+ album only you can see . given , not as easy as drive , but still a good auto-upload option . i do not know of an easy way to get them from there to a drive folder though :/ you can also use foldersync . it could sync folders with google docs , and still works after docs upgraded to drive , google drive is fully supported . just choose google docs when adding account in the app . in case , you do not want to pay , its [ free lite version ] [ 3 is also in play store , but with some limitations . thanks for the above goes to sachin shekhar .
i found a solution to the initial problem . it seems that this is a common bug and in the software since at least anroid 4.2 . there is an application in the play store that does nothing but reacting to the bluetooth button and starting the voice recognition : voice command when i push the button , i have to select what app to start , i chose " voice command " after that i am asked again and chose " google now " and then it starts directly in the voice recognition mode . i do not know yet if it gets the commands over bluetooth or over the built in mic but it stops the music and starts the recognition . this works at least with my phone ( nexus 5 , 32gb android 4.4.2 all settings to german and my car radio ( jvc . . . ) )
in case of android browser ( aosp ) and chrome there is an option called request desktop site . this can be accessed via the options menu for the browser . that would change the browser user-agent to desktop and display the website as displayed on pc . but this has to be done for each tab i believe , there is no permanent solution .
it is in the app folder google . shame on you samsung for not making the difference between folders and apps obvious . well the folders look like this :
there is some hope to recover data which was stored on the “internal sd card” . samsung galaxy s2 supports usb connection in the mass storage mode ( unlike some other more recent models ) . this mode provides the required block-level access to the partition which holds your media and other files ( but not contacts , sms and app data ) . therefore you can connect your phone to pc in the usb storage mode ( not mtp ) , then use the same utilities as you would use to recover files from an sd card which was accidentally formatted ( one free option for windows is recuva ) . recovering data from the internal memory is much more harder for several reasons : you need to root the phone in order to get access to raw partitions ( with some phones which have an unlocked bootloader there is an option of flashing an alternate recovery image with root access through adb ) . note that the rooting process in most cases involves writes to the /data partition , which could overwrite the data you want to restore . the internal file system is not the usual fat or ntfs , like in windows ( recent models in most cases use ext4 ) , therefore many recovery tools designed for use with windows filesystems will not work well ( scanning the raw disk for pieces looking like data in a well-known format might give a useful result even if the filesystem is not supported , but see the next point ) . in most cases the app data is stored in some format not used outside of the android os ( e . g . , contacts and sms/mms messages are stored in sqlite databases with the android-specific schema ) , and these formats are unlikely to be supported by commonly available data recovery utilities . and this assumes that the phone repair lab did not just replace the main phone board ( which they often do , unless the problem was obviously in some other component ) .
as john states in his answer , a factory-reset is sufficient in most cases . i doubt a service technician would take the effort required to restore the data from your storage – though it is definitely possible . what john had in mind , however , is true : if flash storage is really wiped , all data is gone from it . it would take a highly specialized forensics expert a long time to restore at least a part of it . so unless you have the secret formula for a longevity serum stored on your device , and your service technician knows that , it is definitly not worth the trouble . if you want to be on the absolute safe side , take a look at nuke my phone resp . nuke my tablet . these tools do not simply delete your data or wipe the storage once , but they overwrite it multiple times , then wiping it , and then finalize their work by a factory-reset . i very much doubt that a single file would be restorable after that procedure . btw : always think of your external sdcard , which might not be covered by the procedure . you should better remove that and keep it with you ; the service techs do not need it anyway .
no , you do not . the updates are received from the servers of the provider/manufacturer . this adress is saved in the rom . so you just need an internet connection via 3g or wifi .
it should be under your system settings ( the settings " app" ) , in the " date and time " subsection ( which is near the bottom ) . uncheck the " automatic time zone " option and then select the correct one manually :
if your device is rooted , you can use titanium backup to backup the maps application , which will backup the application and it is data . after resetting , again install titanium backup , ( you have to root again , if you had lost the root access , as a first step ) and restore the maps application . while restoring , you get a chance to opt for restoring app alone or app with data . when opting for the later , your offline data also comes .
assuming you installed clockworkmod recovery via rom manager app ( or manually ) , you can do the following : install the appbrain and fast web installer apps . run appbrain , sign in with your google account , enable the fast web installer from settings , and perform a sync . download the rom installation zip for miui and place it onto your sd card . reboot your phone to recovery mode , scroll down to " backup and restore " , go in , and select the " backup " option . this will write an image of your phone onto your sd card . os , your apps and settings will be saved . perform a full wipe of your device from recovery by doing a " wipe data/factory reset " , " wipe cache partition " , and " advanced -> wipe dalvik cache " . select " install zip from card " option , and then " choose zip from sdcard " to flash the rom zip that you downloaded in step 2 . optionally , flash the gapps package , and any other files ( refer to the rom 's instructions . ) once the installation is completed reboot the phone , add your google account , and set up the system to your lining ( do not download any 3rd-party apps yet . ) open the market app , install appbrain and fast web installer again , and sign in . open the appbrain app , and enable fast web installer in settings again . while still inside the appbrain app , go to " manage and sync " , press the menu button , select the " more lists . . " option . pick the list that was created for you in step 1 , and press the " add all apps " button . this will queue up all the missing apps that you had installed on the previous rom . go back once , and tap the " execute " button . after verifying the permissions , tap the install button . this will automatically download and re-install your apps . once the apps are installed , configure them to your liking . reboot back into recovery , perform another backup , and reboot the phone normally . open the rom manager app , and tap on " manage and restore backups . " you should see a list consisting of the 2 backups you just made , sorted chronologically . rename the first backup to " cm7" , and the second to " miui " . you can now easily switch from cm7 to miui by simply restoring the corresponding backup . keep in mind that if you change anything on either rom , you will need to perform another backup so that your changes are saved .
to answer my own question - here 's a different approach to achieve this ( google-only contacts ) ensure all required android contacts are synced to google export the contacts to csv on a computer delete all contacts from the android ( that'll be both " phone " and " google" ) import the contacts from csv to google google will then sync to the phone kind of obvious in hindsight . hope this benefits the community in some way !
backup your phone this is important if you wish to keep any data from your phone . you will have to restore backed up data ( such as apps ) after you update . the only way to update to the latest software is to erase your device , so backup whatever you do not want to lose . extract the . zip file , which you can download from this androidforum thread or this xda thread . open the folder and install msxml 4.0 sp3 parser ( msxml . msi ) . once that has finished , install lgandroiddriver_whql_ml_ver1.0_all_win7 . exe which are the drivers so your computer will recognize your phone . windows xp users download this driver , extract the contents anywhere ( e . g . desktop ) , right-click on the ' android_usb . inf ' file and click ' install ' . now you have set up your phone to connect to your computer correctly . from here on , it depends on which rom you wish to install . this is an excellent video tutorial that covers installing custom roms and rooting , and as said in the update , many roms with instructions can be found on xda . bricking is always a possibility when modifying software that does not come directly through the intended channels that said , the methods here have been proven to work and your risk is significantly less if you perform these steps correctly . let us know if you need any help ! update : this is a method to install updates to your phone . as far as specific roms to install , xda and google can be very helpful . as soon as you find one you like , go for it : )
methods i know of : use a carrier/manufacturer tool such as odin for some samsung phones ( i have done this -- it is easily the most feasible method ) . it connects to the phone and writes to the phone storage when the phone is in download mode . a knowledgeable person could probably write their own tool as well . sign the update . zip file , so that the recovery/bootloader thinks its an official update . that is really the only way most phones can distinguish them ( not sure if an encrypted bootloader makes it harder ) . " has anyone actually done this ? " that i do not know -- it is probably incredibly difficult to fake , but realistically someone could gain access to the signing software . use a jig ( an electronic setup that connects directly to parts of the device ) to write directly to the storage . imagine the phone as a pc where the bios prevents writing to the hard drive -- if you do not boot up the computer , the bios can not interfere , so you could just take out the drive and write to it with something else . chips are just not as removable as drives , hence the jig . this would probably require custom software to do the writing , again possibly taken from the manufacturer . and if you do not overwrite the bootloader you might run into problems depending on what checks it does , i am not sure . at a previous job ( a phone manufacturer ) they used a similar tool to odin to replace the bootloader , sometimes with one that did not require the roms to be signed . access to a tool like that makes a lot of problems go away .
the bbc released statements about their support for android with iplayer back in june : bbc iplayer on mobile : a new version and adobe flash 10.1 streaming on all android 2.2 phones and bbc iplayer on android update . this all boils down to saying that their current strategy for mobiles is to offer a mobile optimised version of their flash site , and not to create individual apps for every smartphone out there . i am also a flash-less fan of bbc radio and tv ( though in a better position than you as my manufacturer and carrier have announced that 2.2 is coming very soon ) , i had beebplayer on my previous android phone and it is sorely missed now . for the moment i just subscribe to the podcasts of the shows i am interested in ( and luckily most of mine are available as podcasts ) using the google listen podcast app , this does have the benefit that they work without cutting out while i am on the tube ! edit : going through the comments on some more recent articles on the bbc internet blog i have discovered an app called myplayer it seems to offer access to ( as far as i can tell ) the full iplayer tv and radio library with both streaming and downloads for later viewing/listening . picture quality does not seem quite as good as i remember from beebplayer , so presumably its using a different stream . anyway it is there and seems to work , grab it before " aunty " spots it ! newer edit : the bbc have released an official iplayer app , called bbc iplayer though this is really just a flash wrapper around the mobile version of the website and does require a wifi connection before it will play most content .
this sounds like the behavior if you have blacklist mode enabled . double check the ( subtle ) whitelist/blacklist default button ( the text above the apps listing ) .
you can not . and you should not . samsung 's proprietary touchwiz interface , has the hability to change fonts that are distributed as apk files and can be installed like any other app . i am not aware of any other manufacturer that integrated this feature into their device . it is also a bad idea to change the fonts . if they have different x-height parts of the letters may get cut . they may not have some special characters that the system or an app expects so boxes or nothing will show up in it is place . legibility can also be an issue . there are fonts that do not have any of these issues , but they are rare and are mostly the same type as the system font , so you will not notice much improvement .
sdk : adb shell getprop ro . build . version . sdk complete list : adb shell getprop through the package manager : adb shell pm list features
it is to alert you that the screen 's about to turn off . it is more useful when your timeout is longer than 30 seconds , certainly . i would assume you had need a custom kernel or at least to root and edit some config files in order to prevent this , i do not believe there is anything in settings for it .
add the power control widget ( available by default in android 2.1+ for most phones ) or a similar wi-fi toggle app to your home screen . ( long press on the home screen , widget , power control . ) that usually fixes it for me .
my current guess is that the script took a lot of cpu time because it uses a very inefficient way of calculating the log file length , which is to read the entire log file to memory and use length . this should not have been much of an issue if the log file is small , but since you said that log file 's current size is more than 50mb , this shows that the log file is not getting trimmed properly . another concerning issue is that init scripts are supposed to only run once at startup , but this script is obviously being run periodically . if my guess is correct , you may be able to fix this temporarily by deleting the log file , but eventually the slow down will occur again when the log file is filled again . check if you have the latest version of your rom , maybe it is fixed in the latest version ? otherwise if it is an unmaintained rom , you will need to figure out a way to fix the script .
i took the phone to two different verizon stores , talked to phone support , and even got a replacement- to no avail . finally i installed the sound manager app and set it to " vibrate whenever possible " . this fixed the problem !
install dual file manager . this program lets you unzip password protected files .
rather than sleeping , i spent a few more hours experimenting . i found what works best for my needs is an ftp server app . for casual transfers , when both devices are connected to the same network , i will just transfer through my access point . with the limitations that implies . if i am not near an ap or just want full speed , i will deal with the hassle of setting of the wi-fi direct partnership and then launch the ftp server . it usually takes 3-5 tries before the devices connect , but once they do , ftp works stable and fast . furthermore , this solution also satisfies my secondary goal , of being able to use the same method to transfer files between android device and pc . now , there are a lot of ftp server apps out there . most are ad-supported , most are rather big as well . to my surprise , there is also quite a performance difference between them . i thought i would might as well shared my experience with the four ftp server apps i tested . . . required permissions none of the tested apps required ridiculous permissions . just the following special permissions : full network access modify or delete the contents of your usb storage modify or delete the contents of your sd card prevent tablet from sleeping prevent phone from sleeping in addition , andreas liebig 's ftpserver also required : read phone status and identity speed test setup the speed test was not exactly scientifically performed , but devices were in the exact same spots during tests . ftp server app running on nexus 7 filezilla ftp client running on windows 8 laptop both connected to the same 802.11n network . windows reported the link speed as 130 mbps ( i know this is not exact ) i downloaded the same 103,4 mib large file two times through each app test results all stats , numbers and other facts are as of march 30th 2013 . apps ordered by measured throughput , fastest on top . andreas liebig 's ftpserver price : free latest version : 2.4.0 ( 2013-03-26 ) size : 78 kb install base : 100.000 - 500.000 avg . rating : 4.6 android os requirement : 1.1+ comments : initial configuration required , not plug-and-play . detailed server log on main screen when service is running . no anonymous access possible ? throughput : 103.4 mib downloaded in 43 seconds @2.4 mib/sec , 103.4 mib downloaded in 47 seconds @2.2 mib/sec boby ertanto 's my ftp server price : free ( ad supported , ad-free version available ) latest version : 2.1 ( 2013-02-28 ) size : 1.2 mb install base : 50.000-100.000 avg . rating : 4.1 android os requirement : 2.2+ comments : simple interface . very basic settings . throughput : 103.4 mib downloaded in 48 seconds @2.2 mib/sec , 103.4 mib downloaded in 49 seconds @2.1 mib/sec the olive tree 's ftp server price : free ( ad supported , ad-free version available ) latest version : 1.11 ( 2013-01-14 ) size : 1.1 mb install base : 100.000 - 500.000 avg . rating : 4.4 android os requirement : 2.1+ comments : based on apache ftp server . simple interface . configurable port , home dir , username/password , service resillience , energy saving etc . throughput : 103.4 mib downloaded in 56 seconds @1.8 mib/sec , 103.4 mib downloaded in 56 seconds @1.8 mib/sec berserker 's ftpdroid price : free ( ad supported , ad-free version available ) latest version : 1.3.1 ( updated 2012-12-28 ) size : 2.0 mb install base : 50.000 - 100.000 avg . rating : 3.9 android os requirement : 2.2+ comments : based on pure-ftpd . simple interface . configurable port , home dir , username/password , service resillience , energy saving etc . troughput : 103,4 mib downloaded in 135 seconds @0,8 mib/sec , 103,4 mib downloaded in 121 seconds @0,9 mib/sec conclusion not only is andreas liebig 's ftpserver the only completely free of the apps tested , it is incredibly light weight ( 78 kb ! ) , can run on any android phone you can find but also has the fastest throughput of the apps tested . once the initial configuration is done , the main window simply displays your standard ftp server log , whereas other applications pretty much displays nothing but a few buttons and maybe the ip address and port of the server . thank you , andreas !
from the looks of it , at this point , marking something available offline only allows you to read it offline when using a mobile device ( source ) . however , you can edit and write files offline if you are using a computer or device running chrome or chrome os . i am sure at some point google will allow editing offline , especially for tablets , but at this point , i am pretty sure that you can online view files offline . sorry .
check to see if " system settings / developer options / stay awake " is checked . it is intended to give exactly that behavior ( "screen will never sleep while charging" ) .
i would bring the phone to your carrier 's local store . if a different sim card from the same carrier works , then it is possible that your sim card is damaged or corrupted . the carrier may need to replace it for you . keep in mind that some carriers ( or authorized reseller outlets ) will charge you for this .
a family member also has the same device , and also uses hangouts , so i was able to copy the apn information from him . for any future reference , i got mms to work again by adding these recods to the google hangouts apn list . name : lte - verizon cbs mmsc : http://mms.vtext.com/servlets/mms mms proxy : not set mms port : not set mcc : 311 mnc : 480 and name : ehrpd - verizon cms mmsc : http://mms.vtext.com/servlets/mms mms proxy : not set mms port : not set mcc : 311 mnc : 480
the solution that has worked for me is : upgrade to a nexus s running cyanogenmod 10 .
it generates this error when there is only an emulator attached . EOCD not found, not Zip file 'AstroFileManager2.5.1.apk' is not a valid zip file  i realized that the astrofilemanager apk has problem . i downloaded a new one from xda and it works . done .
you can turn off automatic update checking by pressing menu and than settings in the play store . you can then manually go to my apps to update them . this will not greatly increase the work you have to do , because even if there is a notification once a week it would still require you to confirm the updates . there is no option however to change the frequency of the automatic updates .
i finally found out why ! :d when the phone boots - at least if i use go launcher - if the sd card is not completely mounted apps " get lost " . i have completely solved the problem activating my phone card pin code . i turn on the phone , wait on the pin code screen without entering it for a minute and then i enter the pin : everything is perfect . i think the problem can be also solved killing and restarting the launcher but i did not test .
use an alternative browser like flashfox . its selling point is the fact that it plays flash . source : installed flashfox , opened a random channel on micromusic .net, there were sounds !
i have several bluetooth-gps adapters that i use with all of my devices when i need a superb signal because a specialiced receiver is almost always superior to a smartphone 's internal gps ( due to integration constraints ) . gps receiver : my favourite is the bluemax 4043 bluetooth receiver . it has more than one day uptime , it can also log 32mb of gps data and uses a cheap nokia bl-5c battery . linux support ! openstreetmaps wiki has a comprehensive list of good receivers ( search for the bluetooth enabled ones ) . software support : cyanogenmod7+ can connect to gps bluetooth receivers , stock android users may install 3rd party apps like bluetooth gps provider . it is very handy for my nook color tablet that has no gps but bluetooth ( asus transformer prime users also have this kind of problem ) .
the stock messaging app will automatically save a draft message when you tap on the back button while composing the message , but the recipient field has to be filled . without a recipient it will give a warning that the message will be deleted . there are a lot of good alternatives . i have no experience with them myself ( i am using the stock app ) but a lot of people seem to like handcent , go sms pro or chompsms . just search the internet for reviews .
make sure your phone is powering off completely before you try to boot into the bootloader . for a dhd you might need to go into Settings &gt; Applications and uncheck the " fastboot " option in order for it to power down completely ( source ) . if #1 does not help , try turning your phone off , then pulling the battery . after you have pulled the battery and waited a few seconds , hold the volume down button and put the battery back in the phone . then continue to hold volume down while you power up the phone and it should land on the bootloader . if #1 and #2 do not work ( or you are lazy , since i think this is the easiest way ) , plug your phone into a computer that has adb on it . make sure usb debugging is enabled , then simply enter adb reboot bootloader from an adb terminal . this will ( unsurprisingly ) reboot your phone into the bootloader .
it sounds like your clock is 4 minutes fast . check to see if your phone is getting its time from the network ( on gingerbread , it is settings/date and time , not sure about cm 7.2 ) . if you are getting time from the network , try disabling automatic updates and set the time manually to a source like time . gov or time . is .
here is a last ditch solution if you get nothing better : if you know how to use john the ripper then all you have to do is pull all of the files off of your hard drive , and use jtr to crack the password ( depending on the length of the key , this could take days or even weeks ) . then you can make an image file of your hard drive and flash your device using a flashing tool . besides that , i am sure there is no way to disable the encryption without the key . really your only option at that point is to get any files off of it that it will allow you to , and then do a factory reset .
as the firmware resides in /system , flashing a firmware obviously overwrites that partition . /boot is usually involved here as well . whether the two get " wiped " is a different question ; but as otherwise things could get " mixed " , which might cause unwanted side-effects , i would say they are ( i am not 100% sure with this ) . so in these two partitions , nothing of the previously installed firmware should remain . that is different for the other partitions of your device . so usually , /data is not touched by the flashing process , but of course it will be touched once the new system boots up ( it e.g. needs to initialize the dalvik cache for the newly installed system apps , which is located in /data/dalvik-cache ) . for the /cache partition ( holding the application cache ) it is similar : it usually is not touched by the flashing process , but used normally afterwards . hence it is a good idea to wipe these two ( cache and dalvik cache ) when installing a different rom . it might not always be required , but it does not hurt . a factory-reset in principle is a combination of the two : it wipes the /cache and /data partitions . so other than the manual wipe of the caches from a custom recovery , it also removes all user data ( including the user-installed apps ) . note : do not confuse a " wipe " with a " safe erase": with the right tools , data still might be recoverable following a wipe . with this on your mind , your second question becomes obsolete : if you just want a clean system for yourself , this wish is already granted . if , on the other hand , you did these steps to sell your device , there is always the point of what could be restored . for a " safe erase " , you might want to take a look at special tools like nuke my phone / nuke my tablet , which overwrite everything with " garbage data " , and finalize this process with a factory-reset .
a bit of a hack , inconvenient and i am not even sure if it would work : download juice defender , set it to always keep data disabled and later check how much battery it claims to have saved you . as for the wifi , on my phone ( xperia neo v , 2.3 . ? ) , it is a separate entry on the battery usage panel . maybe you used it so little that it is not even displayed ( probably &lt ; 0.5% ) ?
if i remember well : in the language and input settings click the settings icon next google keyboard . you can then change the input languages settings and select multiple languages . finally go the advanced settings there should be a way to enable a key that allows you to easily switch your input method when typing ( from memory it was by holding the space bar ) bon courage !
so , i have figured out myself what caused the problem , thanks anyway : i tried uninstalling some apps i installed before and looks like " business calendar free beta " caused this problem . after i removed it , it works just fine and normal . and i did not liked it anyway and i think the standard app is good for me .
yes , it is different . just like google search google play search uses different settings for every person , just like rat2000 said .
after quite some time a friend of mine goofed around and actually found the fix : cyanogenmod settings > display > automatic blacklight in here enable ' use custom ' and then look at the values in ' edit other levels . . . ' . the levels you want to edit are either the ones under ' buttons ' which are the values for the backlight of the soft keys ( home , menu , back and search ) and the values under ' keyboard ' is for the keyboard backlight . a value of 30 is standard for the ' buttons ' and the values for the ' keyboard ' are only 0 or higher than 0 . ( even though you can choose values between 0 and 255 , it does not seem to matter visibly . )
from what it sounds like , you not only want it to show a higher percentage but also ' use ' this last little bit of juice in the battery . technically you could just modify the icon to show full all the time or be slightly above the real level , but that is just the icon 's look . i think to accomplish what you are trying to do you will have to modify the rom yourself . if your savvy in this field , you can look for some open source roms , modify it , and see if it works .
the kernel is part of the " boot image " , which is stored in a separate partition in the flash memory , not in a normal file . see http://android-dls.com/wiki/index.php?title=howto:_unpack,_edit,_and_re-pack_boot_images
the main reference resource site for modders and " cookers " of samsung spica aka i5700 is at samdroid forum board , here . it contains all information you need to upgrade your firmware version , root your phone , etc .
go to : settings > wireless and networks > mobile networks . make sure the " data roaming " checkbox is unchecked . that will keep you from roaming accidentally , since you will have to enable it . if you want to enable it and use roaming lightly , there are some apps in the market that will track your data usage for you . however , in my experience roaming abroad has been so expensive that even roaming for a few minutes of data is not worth it . i usually either try to find a public hotspot or get a prepaid sim card with data .
you should not lose any data by flashing the ota file . you can flash the ota file ( see androidpolice for info and where to download it from ) and as long as you have not changed any system files it should apply ok . simply select the " apply update from sdcard " option and select the update file . you will lose root but you can simply flash supersu ( the only superuser app that works on 4.3 at the moment ) which will " re-root " your device . if you get a prompt about disabling recovery flash , select " no " as the new supersu uses this part of getting root access .
long press the home screen , select samsung widgets--> select program monitor
i hate when that happens . it happened to me more times than i could count while i was traveling through western maryland ( and it is even worse when the phone mysteriously switches from 4g to 1x and refuses to go back to 4g or even 3g ) . . . anyway , there are three things you can try . the first , obvious one is to relocate the phone to somewhere that you get a better signal . this may not help much at all if you are in a fringe coverage area and in a residence , but it is definitely something you should attempt . next , to force the phone to reconnect to the network , just toggle airplane mode on and off . ( btw , do not bother with any of those so-called " network signal booster " apps . all they do is toggle airplane mode on and off , hiding the notification bar so you can not see what it is doing . ) this is probably your best bet . in my experience this will get your high speed connection back most of the time , but you still are not guaranteed to keep it long enough to finish your download . your phone also has a secret menu which can be accessed by entering *#*#4636#*#* into the dialer . in this menu you can view various statistics about the mobile data connection , as well as change which network types the device will try to connect to . ( the exact types vary by device and firmware revision , and i do not have a droid 3 on hand , so you will just have to look and see for yourself . ) in my experience , though , this did not help much ; the phone would just give me no data service instead of 1x , or refuse to connect to 3g/4g , or to any network at all . also , be careful in this menu ; if you change a setting and do not know what to change it back to , you could completely kill your ability to connect to the network , requiring a factory reset .
the best option is google 's my tracks follow the link and see the features yourself . everyhing you want is there . and the best part is it is free ! ! hope this helps
there are numerous options available to you : titanium backup for ics upwards , settings > backup and reset > backup my data/backup account for gb , settings > privacy settings > backup my data last but not least , adb backup in that order of " user-friendliness " , from a android application that requires rooted access , in reference to titanium backup , to the least , using the command line adb backup .
this is not possible on most devices , since they do not support usb host mode . some devices have usb otg support or a usb host port , but these are relatively rare devices so far . in theory you could write an application on win/linux to access the phone via usb but not the other way around .
there is a " message format " setting located at settings > [ account ] > sync settings > message format . the choices available are " html " and " plain text . " not sure whether that will necessarily solve your particular problem , but perhaps try giving that a shot .
from what i can make out from your scenario , it seems the culprit is the android 's dalvik cache . quote from a thread in xda forums:- when android starts up , the dalvikvm looks thru all of your applications ( . apk files ) and frameworks , and builds a tree of dependencies . it uses this dependency tree to optimize the bytecode for every application and stores it in the dalvik cache . the applications are then run using the optimized bytecode . this is why when you install a new rom , sometimes it takes a very long time to boot for the first time . any time an application ( or framework library ) changes , it is reoptimized and the cache is updated . and it seems that each time you reboot , the dalvik cache reoptimizes .
in fact , it is not necessary to install the entire sdk if one does not want to use it for development . to be able to run basic adb commands in the context needed by an average user , a rudimentary installation is completely sufficient . i will try to explain how to do this , and hopefully cover the most used computer systems . requirements first , you will need the basic binaries . these can be found e.g. on the download page of qtadb . files have been removed there , but are available at : binaries for linux ( alternative source ) binaries for windows ( alternative source ) binaries for macos also see alex ' answer for more alternative sources . above " minimal downloads " are extracted from there , so from alex ' sources you get them first-hand and just have to extract the binaries yourselves . ( remark : qtadb is an excellent graphical tool to manage your android device , including a graphical file manager , app manager , and more . some things require your device to be rooted , though . ) windows users if your computer is running windows , you will also need the special drivers for your device ( no generic solution here , so you need to check this out yourself ; usually , those drivers are offered for download on the manufacturer 's website ) . linux and mac os users linux and mac os users might need to make their device known to their operating system . for linux , you find the necessary steps described in my answer here . not being familiar with mac os , i can not speak for it . installation linux for linux , this is quite easy : simply unpack the downloaded binaries into a directory of your choice . at the time i am writing this , this will only be two files : adb and aapt ( the latter being used by qtadb , and not necessarily needed to execute adb commands directly ) . adjust their file permissions to make them executable ( e . g . from the command line : chmod 0755 adb aapt ) . finally , it is a good idea to include the chosen directory with your $PATH variable , so you can call adb from wherever you are . a good place for that is at the end of your ~/.profile file to include an additional line like export PATH="~/bin:$PATH" ( if you extracted the binaries to ~/bin ) . windows the windows download holds a couple more files . also extract them into a directory of your choice . if you want them to be callable from wherever you are , without preceding the complete path , you need to add that path to your environment variables as well . not being a windows user , i must leave the " how to do this " to you . what else ? you should be done at this point , and can use the full powers of the adb command line . further readings everything about adb ( a reference for everyone at xda developers ) adb for dummies ( again available via xda developers . if you miss the guides as i did firstly : the first article is consisting of links only , colorful as they might look : ) ) android adb quick guide
to see alternate routes , you need to use navigation as opposed to maps . if you already have maps open , click the blue arrowhead in the upper right to switch to navigation , then click the context button on your phone , then select Route Info , then click the third button to the right along the bottom which will have both a dashed and solid line going to a map pin . alternate routes will appear , and you can select them along the top of the route info map .
i heart radio and tunein radio are apps that let you stream fm radio stations . you select the sort of station you like and listen to the music they play . i personally use them for listening to talk radio , but same difference .
yes , you should still be prompted for otas . however , they could remove root . source : my n5 prompted me
you can use the " allshare " apk , which enable you to use dlna phone device ( im considering that your sony bravia supports dlna ) .
i realized that i am going on and on in comments for no real reason but perhaps this is better suited for an answer . the only honeycomb build i am aware of for the tab is this one on xda ( there are two versions , gsm and cdma ) . it is , for all intents and purposes , a bleeding-edge attempt to get honeycomb running on the tab . the developer refers to it as an " alpha " and essentially says to expect things to be buggy . since there is no public source code for the 3 . x releases of android yet , the build is based on an extracted image/filesystem from the android sdk , meaning that it is not optimized for the tab and probably lacks 3rd party drivers ( excepting any official 2.2 drivers that happen to be compatible with 3 . x ) . the gsm thread lists the following as " not working " under the current build , meaning this is the minimum you should expect to lose : in general , builds like this show up on devices when a new major release appears in the sdk but they tend to be fairly unstable and also fairly slow . the videos i have seen of this rom appear a bit more performant ( in general ) than other sdk ports i have encountered , but your experience may vary . as for restoring , the " factory reset " option does not usually touch system files on most devices , from what i know . it is possible i am mistaken on this and that the tab does actually restore the firmware , but i am not incredibly familiar with the tab . you will probably want to do a little digging to see what a " factory reset " actually means ( might be in your manual , perhaps ) . that being said , there are instructions for getting a verizon tab back to stock here , and there might be similar ones floating around for other carriers . if you can get a custom recovery on to your device then you can simply back up your system before trying honeycomb and then restore from the backup . the easiest way to do it is probably just to install rom manager and flash clockworkmod recovery from there . there appear to be manual instructions about but they vary by carrier . personally speaking : i would not use an sdk port for anything other than showing off to people ( which can admittedly be a whole lot of fun ) . in a production environment i definitely would not risk it , and i honestly never kept them installed for more than about 30 or 45 minutes at a time to play with before restoring to a stable rom . they were fun sneak-peaks , but i have always found them highly unreliable ( though " your mileage may vary " is probably a good catch phrase here ) . edit : a word of caution to wifi tab users , this post on one of the honeycomb threads indicates that the current roms ( as of 6/19/2011 ) will not work on a wifi tab . i personally can not verify the validity of this statement , but this would not surprise me as other devices ( e . g . the xoom ) have similar incompatibility among roms .
install a file explorer , say estrongs file explorer , and you would be able to upload arbitrary file from the browser or attach files to gmail .
stock keyboard ( as well as most 3rd-party keyboard apps ) has both auto-correct and auto-completion ( a . k.a. " suggestions" ) built in . access the keyboard settings via settings -> language and input -> android keyboard . from there you can enable and fine-tune the auto correction and suggestion options .
for locale , both gps and wifi triggers can drain the battery more quickly . locale 's built-in location condition can consider cell towers without gps if you set the diameter of the location condition to about 2km . there is also a locale condition plugin , " location ( energy-saving ) " , which uses cell towers to determine location . it takes advantage of the fact that the phone is already listening for towers . the biggest potential drawback for using the energy-saving location is when you are in an area dense with cell towers , like a major urban downtown with lots of tall buildings ( especially if you work higher up where lots of towers are visible to the phone ) .
yes , you can actually use doubletwist in combination with tunesync ( or tunesync alone ) to sync with itunes although you are limited to songs that are not drm'd by apple . you can also do it without any app on your phone with notpod ( windows only ) . the only drawbacks that i am aware with either of these are not being able to use drm and people have reported some unreliability . the problem in general with syncing android with itunes is that it may work today but if apple changes something in an update you may get locked out until someone comes up with another work around . if you are all android now , i would recommend on cutting itunes out of the picture all together . edit : here 's a couple other options i have come across that are pretty awesome : dazzboard isyncr wifi add-on . you need an app and a desktop client . the app costs a little but the desktop software is free . this one seems like the coolest option so far . edit 2: i happened upon another app . . . music withme : syncs your phone itunes over wifi or 3g . it does not stream the music , it download it to your phone . also , i do not think it can handle drm'd tracks . it is little pricey at $15 , especially with the currently less than stellar reviews , but it may be one to watch .
by testing with another device ( xperia z running android 4.2.2 ) i have discovered that the bluetooth pairing prompt is actually a jelly bean 's feature which is not available in ice cream sandwich or earlier version of android
um , how about photoshop touch ? might be a tad expensive for your needs , but it is essentially a toned-down , mobile edition of the adobe product . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=air.com.adobe.pstouch of course , if you really want it but can not fork out the dough , there is always downloading the apk ( but you did not hear it from me , developers do not worry i support you guys :p ) . if you are looking to create icons to use as replacements right on your device , and are inclined to a minimalistic style , then simple text is a good way to go . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.redphx.simpletext
unfortunately there is no way to make text left-aligned with ankidroid . see the issue in our bug tracker , feel free to " star " it to receive notifications about its progress .
you can install and configure t-mobile 's own visual voicemail app . you will get notified about your voicemails through it instead of the system 's phone/dialer app , with the ability to dismiss that notification . as a bonus , you can also listen to and delete your voicemails without having to dial in and waste prepaid minutes . be aware that this app needs to be able to send and receive one sms message in order to enable its functionality . if you are using voice+ feature of cyanogenmod custom rom , you will need to temporarily disable it .
i have not tested it out , but try the wifi file explorer by dooblou . here 's the link : http://www.pcworld.com/appguide/app.html?id=648691expand=false sounds like it should do the job you are looking for .
you can try handbrake - a multiplatform open-source video transcoder . it has quite user-friendly graphical interface , and supports different device profiles ( you can roll your own as well ) . as to what settings to use on your xoom : here someone managed to find the correct settings to make their xoom play the transcoded video . some extra googling would probably give you additional information how to set the device profile in handbrake -- seems a lot of people are trying to transcode video on this tablet .
no , unfortunately you can not have your cake and eat it too . at least not by just using the native dialer . android will only choose a ringtone based on caller id . there is the option of setting up sip droid or grooveip for the sole purpose of ringing for an incoming call . you could continue to forward gv to your cell as well as the second number picked up by those apps , and you would simply know they are calling your gv number because that app is ringing . a bit hacky , as you have two apps ringing ( native dialer and the second app you chose ) , but it is an option . i think they can be set up to reject a call after a few seconds , so you would note that they rang for a couple seconds , then pick up the native dialer knowing it is coming via gv . if you have a good enough connection , you could disable forwarding gv to your cell and instead only forward to your chat client ( which is used by grooveip or sip droid ) . then you would set that program to make a different ringtone , and you would have the person 's correct caller id . but it means your call goes over data , which can be less reliable .
as you noted , you can upgrade the device software . you can also back your contacts , text messages up , and you can sync photos or videos/movies both ways . you can view movies from your phone on your pc directly , that goes both ways ; watch from cell on pc and from pc on cell . i believe you also can download apps from kites onto your cell but that does not work anymore because of google 's market policies . apparently , you also can make your cell work as a modem , but i did not try that so . . . anyways , as edelcom and mru said before me it still needs some work to live up to what it should do and to keep up with handset itself . lastly , in samsung defense , kies is not just for androids , it is their software for the whole cellphones lines , and many users are happy with it , obviously not us , android handsets ' owners .
on an unrooted phone , apps run as distinct users , and do not have access to any files created by other users or system files , i.e. they are ' sandboxed ' . since they can not make any such changes , i would say the only thing they can leave behind is a little detritus on your sd card . on a rooted phone , an app which has been granted root access can do pretty much anything that is possible in the hardware . apps that have root permissions can write on non-read-only storage media ( including modifying the bootloader ) , modify other programs ' private data , modify system settings , modify system files , etc . a rooted app can also hide itself from the system , and pretend to be uninstalled while being perfectly well and alive . basically , rooted apps can do anything that the hardware allows updated to include lie ryan 's info on rooted apps .
an antivirus app will have a major effect on your battery life . a friend with an htc desire could not understand why he could never get more than 4 or 5 hours out of his battery , even turning most things off , until he remembered installing one of the av apps to try it out . removing that brought his battery life back up to what it should be . when the first android troojan virus hit back in august last year , similarly to the recent geinimi trojan , in both cases the affected user had to willingly install an app that was from a third-party source , and go through the permissions screen where the app specifically asks for permissions that it should not really need . an attentive and careful user can protect themselves from these kind of threats just by taking care to only install apps from trusted sources , and to read which permissions an app asks for as it installs , and stop to think whether it really needs to do things like read your contacts and send smss . the real problem will come when a virus learns to either break out of its app 's sandbox and into another , or learns how to give itself root access , or take advantage of the root access that someone else has installed . this is what the iphone worm of about a year ago did , when it took advantage of the fact that the most popular iphone jailbreak app left all jailbroken phones with the same root password by default , and most users never bothered changing the password . no android virus has yet been shown to be able to do that .
no . you must root your phone and install a mod such as cyanogenmod to get your phone running a semi-equivalent of android 2.1+ . there is no stock rom for android 2.1+ for the g1 . additionally , if you do go with cyanogenmod , not all features are fully supported due to hardware limitations , such as livewallpapers .
red when plugged in - charging green when plugged in - charging complete . red when not plugged in - low battery warning blue - audio is recording or you have a notification waiting .
not sure if this question can be answered any more , because i have had the english uk male voice back for a while now . turns out it was google changing things - not me . just one day it reverted back to the male voice . thanks to the guys who answered though ! : )
you could use some automation app to do this , having two steps in its task : switch to airplane mode , and then enable wifi . tasker is one app that can handle this , but i am pretty sure some of the free profile-switchers are also capable of this . with tasker you could place this with a profile executing as soon as tasker is started -- other apps might provide " default/base profiles " for this ( like locale does ) , or you might have to add it to each profile you create to make sure it always works . depending on your device , you could also use dazzle configurable switcher ( which comes free ) . as the name suggests , it offers a bar with " toggle switches " which you can configure freely . one of the toggles is for the ( cell ) radio . but not all devices support this : it worked fine on my htc wildfire , but my motorola milestone 2 will not let me switch that separately . here the state should be remembered even after reboot -- but again that might depend on the device .
you can attach files with the gmail app . just click attach image , select astro to browse and select the pdf you wish to attach
no . built-in drivers are not modules , they are built-in ( hence the name ) . if it is not showing in lsmod , you can not get rid of it short of building a new kernel .
ensure your phone is connected to the same wifi network as your computer , and remember to use the internal ip . to do this through 3g you would need to forward ports and use your external ip .
since you have evervolv 's rom i assume you have a custom recovery . backup all the files on your sd card . boot to recovery and partition your sd card . i would suggest at 1gb for sd ext .
it is a system service , not a standalone application . it is " google play services " . can not uninstall system services without root privileges . if you do so with root privileges it may cause problems with google play . settings > apps > all > click on google play services and uninstall updates will work , but it will uninstall only updates . it will update automatically again by google .
your device name is also made public . but , it can be faked easily . as play store does not display who has starred , you had be anonymous if you give star rating only . but , nothing can be said for future . i believe , google stores this data and it can be made public based on tos and pp we accepted in the beginning . no . currently , there is no way to leave review comments anonymously .
you should check your usb connection mode . this can be found in Settings -&gt; Wireless and network -&gt; USB Settings . this should be set to Mass storage to access the memory card . alternatively , you can use the debugging mode by selecting Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Development -&gt; USB debugging . after this plug your phone in to the usb , open the notification bar and tap the usb debugging notification to get to mount your drives .
as with your other question , i think you will have to use an app other than google 's voice actions to get this functionality ( at least at the current time ) . this is another feature that dragon supports , though . if you enable the " background wake-up " setting then you can use the phrase " hi dragon " to launch the app from anywhere , including when the screen is locked . for that matter , you can say " hi dragon " while the screen is off and it will wake up the device and launch dragon for you without requiring any manual input at all .
install an app called audiomanager . it has separate vibrate checkboxes for alerts and ringer . setting the checkbox for alerts fixed the issue for me .
rationale the traditional concept of mapping names to numbers which many people know from cell phones does not really apply to smartphones . here the idea is that there is one central instance , the contacts app , that holds information about your contacts and how you can reach them , which could include a phone number but not mandatorily . often there is also e-mail , third party messaging ( whats app ) , third party voip ( skype ) social ( micro ) blogs ( twitter , google+ ) or various social networks . ( facebook , lastfm , . . . ) . use www.google.com/contacts i recommend to move all information about contacts that is stored on your sim card to the google contacts . furthermore gmail will only show contacts that have a e-mail address . so there is no need to have something like phone-only contacts . the cloud idea is to have every piece of data ( or information if you want ) everywhere available . why do you want to have some contacts just on one device ? i know it is hard for some people that their contact app suddenly shows hundreds of contacts from different sources , but google/android provides techniques to deal with that too : use contacts groups . most google software is able to show only certain contact groups ( but will run contact searches for the whole contact set ) .
in the cyanogenmod zip 's updater script , remove the entire assert() line . that will remove the device identity verification and will let the recovery commence flashing immediately .
the answer is indeed as dan hulme mentioned : tap once on the notification ( sms , phone etc ) . this makes that notification shrink and fade , when in fact it is selecting it ; extremely unintuitive but that is the way they implemented it . . . this makes an empty grey box appear in the bottom half of the screen with no label . what you need to do now is drag across this box . again , no label , no instructions , no suggestion , bad ui ; but it does what you want : unlock the screen and go to the app corresponding to the notification ( sms , phone , etc ) . thanks dan for the answer .
now i have installed cyanogenmod 9 and this does not happen anymore . i do not think , this problem can be solved via settings of samsungs android version
although difficult to generalize , in a pretty good number of cases , using a lock screen pin/password is not going to be sufficient to prevent someone from wiping your phone and/or flashing it with a new rom . it may be an effective enough deterrent to prevent them from accessing your personal data , but there are a few considerations that go along with that , as well . firstly , if the bootloader is unlockable , then there is effectively no way to prevent someone from reflashing the device . the fastboot utility will give them the ability to flash unsigned images once the bootloader is unlocked , and unlocking it will not be prevented by any userspace security ( like a pin/password or keeping usb debugging disabled ) . nexus devices always have unlockable bootloaders , so those are a given . for other devices , you can typically find out if your device has an unlockable bootloader by visiting the development portal of your manufacturer 's website . samsung devices will use odin/heimdall instead of fastboot ( excepting some outliers , like nexus devices made by samsung which also have fastboot ) , but you can generally find out if a samsung device will accept unsigned images via a bit of searching ( in many cases they will ) . some devices have other ways of accessing fastboot/recovery , some more esoteric than others . it is not terribly uncommon for there to be a key combination that will boot a device into its stock recovery system , which will provide some means of performing a factory reset , thereby removing any lock screen security that was configured on the device . another complication can be if the device recognizes a factory cable . the kindle fire , for example , would let you flash an unsigned image with a factory cable , meaning you could actually get a custom recovery installed without wiping the device . this would put all of your data at risk if the attacker was properly equipped and technologically savvy . there are probably other concerns that i am not considering here , as well , but these are the basic ones aside from bootloader exploits and the like , which are not really predictable in the long-term . in general , though , there is a saying about security which microsoft sums up as such : if a bad guy has unrestricted physical access to your computer , it is not your computer anymore . . . and that is a pretty accurate way of putting it for an android device . if your concern is securing your data then userspace security like a lock screen password , locked bootloader , and keeping usb debugging off are going to be great defenses . if you are looking to secure your device such that no attacker could make use of it , then you have got a significant uphill battle , and the odds of winning are going to be very slim ( and quite possibly zero ) . nb : for your specific scenario : the moto g is supported by motorola 's bootloader unlock program . therefore , userspace security will not prevent someone from resetting or reflashing your device .
if an app does not run in the foreground , it is usually " frozen" ; this means , its memory structure is kept ( so you can " recall " it faster , and no additional i/o + cpu is needed to restart it ) -- but gets ( almost ) no cpu-cycles assigned . there might be some exceptions when it needs to do things while backgrounded , but usually that would require the app to use a " service " . thus , the " overhead " is minimal -- compared to the need of restarting it every time the user needs to access it . as for memory , the android system is quite efficient in maintaining it : to explain it in easy terms , apps are put into different groups having different " priorities " . together with some other criteria , this decides which app can be killed if the system runs " out of memory": the oom-killer ( again , " out of memory killer" ) comes into action then and checks : obviously , essential system processes should not be killed at all , the users foreground-session ( which he is working in ) should be the last to consider . but " closed " apps are first candidates , " background apps " the next , and not-so-essential services come after those . again , that is a simplified way to put it -- in reality , this looks a bit more complicated : ) but : if you think of task-killers to " improve battery life": forget about that before starting to think about . they are usually rather contra-productive , as they work against the system . few exceptions apply in terms of a malfunctioning app ( e . g . consuming all your cpu and there is no other way to stop it ) .
google displays weather conditions using weather underground as per google web search features page . all weather conditions and forecasts are provided by weather underground , inc . so , google now also might be picking from the same source .
to start with , i do not think it is possible to somehow change chip on a phone . it would stop working because of incompatible drivers . price of the imported phone can be lower , for example nexus devices are 1/2 more expensive in my country than in the us and it could be used too . anyways you should check , if it'll work on your carrier if it is imported . finally , there are many benchmarks to choose from . i suggest using antutu . it is been here a long time and is still one of the best . it really tests your device , cause i have used it on different roms on one device and i had different results .
go to the play store , and install google keyboard . this includes its own spell checking dictionary . navigate to : Settings -&gt; Language &amp; Input -&gt; Spelling correction  and select " google spell check " . you can click the settings icon to change the language too .
what i wanted does not seem to be possible . it makes sense , really , as if it were possible it would represent a major security hole that would allow any app to gain root . i ended up wiping my phone and testing the quality of my backups . ( they were not as good as i would hoped . )
you can not mark mails as not spam . instead you have to label it inbox . to do this on the bottom action bar , hit labels and tick inbox . it seems that this is equivalent as all future emails go straight to the inbox .
the google experience launcher is actually built into the google search app along with google now . this is why it can listen for ' okay google ' and have google now accessible via the left swipe . ars technica has a good article which goes into more details on this . there are some launchers that support gestures , which might be similar to the left swipe to access the google now page ( although they will only be able to launch google now in the same way an upward swipe does ) . i do not think there are any that support saying ' okay google ' from the homescreen though .
it will stay online . auto-backup only add photo , they never remove it .
the problem is gone after a fresh install . now , there is no need to answer .
your best bet would probably be using a dlna server app ( this one , for example , though there are lots of others ) on one device and an appropriate player ( example ) on the other devices . not sure if it would work over a hotspot tether though , but there are free apps available for both ends , so it can not really hurt to try . edit : oh , misunderstood the question . that is about as easy . there are several apps on the store for running a camera server , like this one , for example . you then can use any compatible player to connect and view the camera feed
i am not sure what version of gmail you have , but the version i have ( along with android 4.1.2 ) allows me to " show pictures " in the message , then i have the option to " always show pictures from this sender " . the option in the settings is to " remove " the always show that you have set for any sender in the past . the only way to always show images is by first showing them for a sender , then select the always show . and afaik , this can only be done per sender .
/data/media contains a number of folders including legacy and obb , neither of which appear to be shared between users , at least not on my nexus 10 . it also contains a 0 folder which is the emulated sd card of the first user , then 10 , 11 and 12 for the sd cards of the first three other users of the device . i know you said your device is not rooted and you seem to be able to use obb ( which i can not ) but if you root , you will be able to access any sd card image this way . hope this helps in some way .
try Wiredog . it is new and you can find it on reddit in the top apps category .
if you have cleared your google service framework data to recieve the update , it will change your device id that google uses to recognise your device . this also affects the tokens used by some apps ( i.e. . google now , google search , chrome ) and they wont connect to the google servers properly and refuse to work for a while ( this was like 24~48 hours for me , before these apps started behaving as the tokens were eventually refreshed ) . other non-google apps will continue working . more details of why this happens can be found in this reddit post by a google engineer : http://www.androidpolice.com/2013/11/20/google-engineer-dan-morrill-sheds-some-light-on-the-nexus-ota-process-urges-you-to-never-clear-google-service-framework-data/
hopefully this app is your answer : gm alarm as mentioned in google play , this app has different alarm sounds and you can select the option for random alarm sounds each day . and the alarm sound will not repeat as it maintains a history for previous alarm sounds . might be useful for you .
aside from the usual battery-saving tips ( like disabling data / wi-fi ) , you could use an app like screen filter to reduce the brightness of the device ; this reduces power consumption . if available , you might also invert the colors in your reader app . for example , ezpdf reader has a Night mode feature which makes the background black and the text white ( as opposed to the standard black on white ) . of course , this is only applicable to pdfs with actual next , not scanned images .
asus provides two launchers in their 4.2.1 rom - they differ as you descibed in your question . the one with the notifications in the lower right is the same one as used in their 4.1 rom and the one with the notifications at the top is the vanilla android 4.2 launcher . you can switch between them at will by opening settings and then navigating to device -> launcher ( it requires a reboot to switch ) .
i can think of two reasons why a cm rom might reduce battery life : cpu governor : the cpu governor controls the frequency of the cpu depending on the requirement . your rom might be using a governor that favours performance over battery life . selecting a governor that achieves a good balance between performance and battery life might help you . you can learn more about cpu governors here battery calibration : the battery status is stored in a file called batterystats . bin . its possible that your phone is using the same batterystats . bin that came with the rom . you can use an application like battery calibration to regenerate this file with new/accurate stats . ( a myth according to this )
these are accessibility apps . one of motorola 's faq questions summarizes their purposes well : kickback - check to vibrate the phone briefly as feedback as you navigate the phone’s user interface , press buttons , and so on . talkback - check to cause an installed speech synthesizer to speak the labels or names of items as you navigate the phone’s user interface . soundback - check to play a sound as you navigate the phone’s user interface .
are you sure it really was one of your relatives sending this mail -- and not just a spammer using their address as sender ( as the url suggests ) ? i would for sure not install that , to me it looks like malware . ask that relative first if and why and what he sent . a google search revealed some related information : on xda one encountered something similar , and they assume it is rather malware bestappmarket informs this app was removed from google play ( hm , guess why ) . same information is found at androidinformer and here it comes : virustotal clearly lists it as malware , being detected as such by several malware scanners . conclusion : keep your fingers off ! do not install !
snoozy charger ( also in the play store ) takes care of this . the free app ( as in bear and speech ) that lets you manage behavior during charger connection and disconnection . it requires no permissions , but does require you giving it device admin permissions . these permissions are only used for to control device locking , as verifiable in its source-code . from quickly going through the app’s source-code , it looks totally harmless and benign . if the app does not behave as you want , make sure to go through the settings . for example , “turn off screen only when locked” is enabled by default . this means that the app will not kick into effect if you have an on/off-button-press-lock delay or other related settings . it works perfectly for my on a wireless charging pad and with micro-usb cable using a lg nexus 4 device . i am very satisfied . update : i documented additional issues here .
you will need to go into your google account settings and revoke issued permissions for any app which you no longer wish to have access to your google account . you can review connected apps at https://accounts.google.com/b/0/issuedauthsubtokens?hl=en
android does not support a standby or hibernate mode .
many apps use the imei for analytics purposes , for example counting users . most tools like google analytics or flurry need a unique id per phone , so the imei fits quite well . note that this does not work on non-cellular platforms ( like tablets ) , and the imei can also be faked : this is why some apps choose a different system ( see this article ) .
you might want to try moving apps installed in internal memory to sd card by long pressing on the desired app from the app drawer and dragging it up to the app info panel , scroll down and there you may find the " move to sd card " option . however afaik you cannot move apps to sd on the s3 unless rooted . you got to manage your files and apps using the 11 gb available or else root your device .
what makes this easy is using tab-completion to complete the device id . type adb -s D0  and press tab . the plugin in your shell will run adb devices to find the full device id and complete it on the command line for you . you can then type in the rest of the command . adb is a tool for developers , and even developers do not usually run it by hand from the command-line : both the main android development environments ( eclipse-based and intellij idea-based ) have gui wrappers . there is not really a need for it to be any more user-friendly than it is .
linda file manager allows you to do that . just long press the file and select create shortcut . a shortcut icon shall appear on your home screen as a side note , it is also a nice file manager . there might be tons of other options , though .
no - as you have correctly ascertained , a custom rom is most likely your best bet . also , the bounce effect is a samsung " feature " - by default android uses the glow effect to indicate the end of a list . i am also unsure if this is a froyo only feature , because iirc , one of the ui updates was the glow effect , which samsung did incorporate into their later rom releases .
edit : after using my original solution for a while , i came to the conclusion that it does not satisfy my needs : using it to see and use the link url took too much time . so i developed a new android app with a single purpose , namely : copying the link to the clipboard , and display the link target in a toast . the app is available in google play as copy link to clipboard ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=nl.robwu.copylink ) ; below are two screenshots of the app in action . original answer below i figured out that i used the wrong keywords . searches for " url preview " , " link preview " , " view link " , etc . did not yield anything useful . so , i went to look for url unshortener apps . the unshorten it app by leocardz ( leonardo cardoso ) adds an entry to the contextmenu of each link . adds an option to the " share link " menu . shows up in the url intent screen . furthermore , it is fast , the ui looks great and it does not contain any ads or nagging donate requests . one minor issue : one cannot directly visit the url without first tapping on the " unshorten " button . after tapping that button , the url is resolved ( ie . unshortened if needed ) , and the result is displayed below the blue button . from there , you can share it , or open it in another browser , or just go back to the original app . ( i have evaluated two other apps , unshorten by tea and toys and short url evaluator by nicolas smith , but they did not show up at the url intent screen , which was a minimal requirement to me )
it is not yet supported . from viberfaq ( answer posted a month ago ) : at the moment it is unfortunately not possible . you can uninstall viber , and when you reinstall , stickers will be gone from your sticker folder ( but this will unfortunately result in message history deletion ) . in the future we plan to add a feature that lets you remove stickers from your folder .
ok , when in bootloader - the binary app on windows/linux etc , fastboot should detect it fastboot devices , but in recovery , presumably that is a stock recovery for said devices , i.e. not cwm , twrp etc . so no adb running in the stock recovery , which is further implying , that boot loader is locked ! had it being unlocked , it would make things easier ! however , as am not familiar with the device , it might be worth your while to read this thread , ( but do not act on it either as by the sound of it , you are not fully certain yet ) . other than that , will leave it at that and wait until someone who is in the know with said device will respond . my answer is more generic .
titanium backup etc just use in-built Package Manager (pm) to freeze an app . pm has a feature to prevent apps from running and from appearing in launcher . to use it , titanium backup etc execute following command : pm disable {package_name} you can freeze apps by yourself without using a dedicated freezer app . just use the above command in terminal emulator or ADB Shell . for example , if you want to freeze Stock Web Browser , open Terminal Emulator and switch to root using su command . then , execute # pm disable com.android.browser . it'll return #Package com.android.browser new state: disabled . done ! restart your launcher ( some devices may require reboot ) to see the app icon gone . to defrost the app , just replace disable with enable in the command .
nxp 's nfc taginfo app can copy the text from a text record on a scanned nfc tag to the clipboard . there are other apps with similar functionality . copying text from text records on nfc tags is not something that is built into android without installing and running an app .
with as advanced of a phone as the s3 is , you should not be experiencing much , if any , lag at all . chances are , it is something you have or have not done to the phone . 1 . try restarting it . often times , ram will remain in use even when applications are no longer being used . restarting it will bring your phone back to where it is not using ram from all the apps you have been using since the last time you restarted it . 2 . you said that you clear your cache . . . i am assuming you mean ram cache , versus data cache . android 's way of memory ( ram ) cache " clearing " is not always ( or even often ) entirely effective . an app i have fell in love with for cleaning out ram ( as well as it is anti-virus abilities ) is 360 mobile security - antivirus , which you can download from the app store . it'll force out memory in ways many apps do not , and also gives you the benefit of having an anti-virus program built in . root gives more functionality to it , but you said you do not use root , but i thought i would throw that out there for anyone reading this that might have root . 3 . update your android system . 4.1.2 is not known for it is " buttery smooth interface and performance " . settings --> about phone --> update ( may be in status tab ) will likely be able to update android 's platform for you . if not , outside of rooting and changing your rom , guess you will be stuck with 4.1.2 unless your carrier provides an update service for you . 4 . check your settings . there is things in the developer 's options menu that'll effect transition speed , which can give appearances like lag . developers options --> window/transition animation scale is the place you want to check . x1 seems to be a standard setting , but the lower you go , the faster the system will react visually , and ( when available ) , i set mine to x . 25 , but that is not always an option ( in roms ) , where-as x . 5 usually is available . use x . 5 if x . 25 isnt available . there is a couple other things in developer 's options that could help you out too , take a look around . 5 . keep on researching the issue if this does not help . the answers are out there .
i think you need to buy one of these mhl to hdmi converters - it mentions that it specifically supports your device .
the samsung galaxy y is a low spec phone and most importantly this can be observed with its display . some common models in comparison ( by resolution , pixel per inch , screen size , price ) : galaxy y : 240x320 , 132 ppi , 3.0in , 110eur galaxy ace : 320x480 , 165 ppi , 3.5in , 190eur galaxy nexus : 720x1280 , 316 ppi , 4.65in , 410eur the text is blurry because there are much less pixels per inch to allow it to display text beautifully . you most probably can see individual pixels without a magnifying glass in comparison to " hd " displays like the galaxy nexus ' and such .
one of my family members had the same problem , sd card misbehaving , then working for a few days , on and off . after a week or so the phone did not read the card at all and neither did the pc . fortunately i backed up the content of the card after the first problem . the card worked for about a month after formatting , but died eventually . i do not know what causes this . i do not know how to stop it . i know what you should do : a backup .
as it turns out , the problem was caused by deleting wpa_supplicant . wikipedia can offer a little insight on what that means : in addition to being a full-featured wpa2 supplicant , it also implements wpa and older wireless lan security protocols . it further is responsible for the job to review a list of currently visible networks , select one of them , provide any additional security information needed to authenticate with the network ( e . g . a passphrase or username and password ) and add it to the preference list to enable automatic reconnection in the future . as it is said : curiosity killed the cat -- and deleting wpa_supplicant makes it quite impossible to use wifi . there are three corresponding files on android : /system/bin/wpa_supplicant is a binary ( i.e. . the program itself ) /system/etc/wifi/wpa_supplicant.conf is the default configuration ( as the path correctly suggests , in the read-only /system area ) , which also includes device-specific settings , plus some " inline documentation " in form of comments /data/misc/wifi/wpa_supplicant.conf is located in the writable part . it repeats some of the contents from the system file ( most likely copied from there on initialization -- as /data gets completely wiped on a factory reset , those things must come from somewhere ) , but skips the comments . furthermore , this file memorizes those networks you have connected to , including ssid , encryption used , and the passwords , all in plain text [ sic ! ] -- that is where those " wifi password recovery " apps get their information from so if the latter config was deleted , it simply would be re-created after a boot . of course , all your saved networks would be lost -- but that is a minor issue compared to the others : if the system-config file gets lost , the binary does not now where to look for the interface , as that is configured here ( e . g . ctrl_interface=tiwlan0 ) . this would also explain the missing mac address : no known device , no known mac address . still , recovery from that should not be too hard : there are not too many different interface names , and other settings ( like the chipset used ) can be taken from specifications -- so root provided ( which is the case , or you could not have deleted it ) , you could re-create a matching file with a little try-and-err . if the binary was removed , options are narrow without a backup . having a similar device available running the very same rom , you could extract the binary from there ( the config as well , or course ) . if you have at least an image available for your current rom , you could extract it from there as well . if all above fails : yes , flashing a rom would solve the issue as well -- as this rom should contain the necessary files . it is quite unlikely you damaged your hardware that way .
if there is an app you like by that publisher , open the entry for the app in the market and select " view more applications " . or you can search by name : pub:"Google Inc." 
if it happens when the phone is off it is gotta be a bad hardware connection . i am guessing on of the leads just barely makes contact or something . you may want to get a replacement .
i have seen , with some of my apps that i have developed , a comment be there , and then later on , the comment is no longer visible . and it is not from me marking it as spam , as i have looked on other devices too , just to confirm . so it would look like that after " x " number of " spam/unhelpful " votes , it gets removed .
i am english , but a southerner with a fairly rp accent , and using voice recognition for google searching is pretty accurate for me . unfortunately this sounds like it is an accent thing . i know google offer their 411 directory voice service in the us , apparently one of the main benefits of this for them is that they can capture a huge amount of speech and use it to train their voice recognition with the words that people really use , in the accents they really use . until they start offering something like that over here i do not think their british regional accents are going to get better very quickly . update 15 dec 2010 : things are changing . google are starting to trial a new version of google voice that does personalised voice recognition and learns based on the way you pronounce words . unfortunately as it is a trial this for us android 2.2 users only at the moment , but hopefully it should be going out to the rest of the world if this trial is successful . if you are an english speaking android 2.2 user in the us , you can get the update here .
open the stock people app ( i.e. . navigate to your contact list ) > select the contact > select edit contact > select the camera icon in the top left corner . your options are gallery ( find an image already on your phone ) or camera ( take a picture of the contact ) . hope it helps !
http://www.android-x86.org/ this is the only android distribution for intel/amd processors that i am aware of . it has little support , but is actively maintained . the latest version is a release candidate for android 2.3 . obviously hardware support is hit and miss . for what it is worth it runs very well on my eee pc . you can install the iso to a usb drive with unetbootin , or use a drive imaging tool with the . img file .
i went to a cricket retailer ( not an official store ) for an unrelated issue with my new phone and , interestingly enough , they can , and will , flash the stock rom back onto my phone . so , problem solved and lesson learned !
looks like it has been reported as a swiftkey bug for the nexus 10 as well . your best best is probably wait to get this fixed . i suggest you click the vote button in their support site to increase the bug 's priority . i just added 3 votes for you ! note : i do not use swiftkey . i use go keyboard .
got to the bottom of this . if your data connection is not on when someone sends you an mms , the download has a tendency to hang . if you shut off the connection to save battery or have any app that does this ( like juice defender ) , this will happen to you a lot . go into the mms app 's settings and turn off the " auto retrieve " option for mms and you should be right as rain .
there is . all that has to be done is having the media scanner run and update the index . turning the device off and on again triggers this , but ( as you said ) is not a very convenient way . unmounting/mounting the sd card would trigger it as well ( and can be done via settings&rarr ; storage ) -- already a little better , but still not very user-friendly . the most easy way would be to have an app like e.g. rescan media taking care for it . rescan sd might be even more convenient , as it offers a widget . just tap it , wait for the scan to finish , and your mp3 file should be visible from your music players .
" why " is not a question well suited for our site , as it probably is a speculative question and such off topic ( see our [ faq ] ) . although , a short technical explanation : the company building your rom decided such . " how can i disable them " would be better fitting , and even has answers : if you cannot disable them from settings&rarr ; apps&rarr ; manage apps , you will need to root your device . having done that , there are several apps available allowing you to " freeze " unwanted system apps . the most well-known of them is titanium backup which , as a side-effect , provides you with a powerful backup solution . another candidate for that is app quarantine root/freeze .
the fastest way i know is from the home screen click menu-> settings-> applications-> running services . there are some task manager applications , though from what i have read they may be more trouble than their worth as far as bugginess and/or eating through your battery quickly .
goto settings> location and security> device administrators remove the check mark from afaria , and select deactivate , then remove the application
i find moving the cursor to a particular place in some text far more accurate using the trackball than trying to select it by prodding the touchscreen . i would say that there might not be a specific use case which can not be accomplished using only the touchscreen but that there are certainly tasks for which using the trackball is easier . it is all probably quite subjective though , and depends on user preference .
as usual : try with tasker . tasker can react on " network near " ( check for wifi ssid ) , you also can check signal levels and react depending on that . this way you could not even check whether a certain wifi network is in reach , but also how strong its signal is -- which might prove helpful e.g. in an office building with multiple wifi networks to determine which room you are in .
2 suggestions which are more workarounds than answers : set up the mail app to access ( and send from ) your gmail account via imap , or send the contact to your gmail account using the ' mail ' option ( i.e. . from whatever account you do have set up ) and then forward it on from there .
in the messaging app , access menu > settings > text message limit and set it to a higher number you like . hope this helps .
i do not know that lg makes the lock screen configurable like that , but you could always try a lock screen replacement . something like widgetlocker or lockbot might do the trick for you . lockbot has a free version , so i would start with that and see if it does what you want .
the message means that your internal and/or external sd card are being scanned for media files . if you have recently added a lot of files , this can take some time . if this is not the case , the indexing might be broken . i would suggest backing up your data from the phone 's internal storage and your sd card , formatting both and trying again . if the problem persists , do a full factory reset . otherwise , try adding the data from the backups to the phone and see if the camera still works . if i remember correctly , you can find the setting to format the internal memory in Settings -&gt; Storage -&gt; Internal memory -&gt; Format and the full factory reset in Settings -&gt; Security -&gt; Factory reset , but these depend on your android version and might be relocated somewhere else .
this is not an android problem at all . you can simply run the commands from flash-all . sh by hand , changing each one to name fastboot by its full path , or you can set the $PATH in your shell . PATH="$PATH:/Applications/Android Developer Tools/sdk/platform-tools/" ./flash-all.sh  you should also check that the fastboot executable is executable . this probably will not be the case if you have extracted the files onto a non-ext partition . the following output is a correct example : note the x in the fourth column , and that the files are owned by the user i am running as .
the best way to use two different languages either on a smartphone or on a tablet is from device standard settings , with device keyboard and also with external usb and bluetooth keyboard . to use more than one language follow the images : [ i can not post images yet ] General Settings -&gt; Language and input -&gt; Option of Samsung keyboard -&gt; Input languages  here you can chose between many languages . so you have setted correctly . now to use one or the other language when you write is very easy , you have to slide with finger on the spacebar of the device keyboard .
according to this thread , you need to use software like pdanet to get it to work .
no , for security reasons it is not possible to access android log files on the nexus 7 ( or any other device running jelly bean or higher ) without root access . google changed that with jelly bean . i would suggest you wait until logcat readers like alogcat and such get fixed ( i.e. . they will require root access to show all logs then ) . from aisec-tr-2012-001-android-os-security . pdf - 3.3 android permission model : the read_logs permission can substitute the following on many devices , depending on the android version and thus the standard apps’ versions installed : read_contacts get_tasks – every started activity is listed in the system’s logs read_history_bookmarks – opening new web pages is a browser activity and thus logged read_sms all solutions below require root access : you need to either run logcat as root in a shell or manually grant it via the shell pm command ( root required ) works also ( see xda , exchange org . jtb . alogcat . donate with the app 's pkg name ) : pm grant org.jtb.alogcat.donate android.permission.READ_LOGS this is for the lazy ones and not suggested : if you are desperate , careless and lazy , you can fix it by giving every app the read_logs permission by applying this ugly and insecure hack ( chainfire via twitter ) : chmod 04755 /system/bin/logcat to quote cyanogenmod developer koushik dutta 's g+ post : did the android log permissions/behavior change in jellybean ? it seems that if an application runs " logcat " now , it can see only the log entries created by its uid . log lines from other uids are not shown . basically , it seems to be filtered now . i have the same permissions as usual . also confirmed the same thing is happening in other log collector apps .
1 ) on which physical storage does " memory " sit when the specs say " memory " , it is referring to the ram that the device has . this is not persistent storage , it is " volatile " storage , which loses its information when unpowered ( after a brief discharge time ) . ram is memory the system and apps use to function , for things like storing the state of an application ( variables , functions , etc ) , graphics buffers , and the like . most mobile systems on a chip will have the ram attached directly to the cpu die to make it as fast as possible . as per the specs : the device has 1 gb of ram available to the system and running apps . it reports less than this because the system reserves some for things like the cellular radio and the graphics chip , which it will not give to user processes . the hardware info app is reporting the amount of ram available to user processes . 2 ) on which physical storage does " internal storage " sit in this case , " internal storage " and " sd storage " refer to the same physical storage area . this is persistent storage , generally flash or emmc based , that is soldered onto the motherboard . the storage chip is partitioned into two pieces , which you can visualize roughly like so : internal storage is where apps and their private data are stored ; e.g. it is the /data partition . sd storage is accessible via usb when attached to a computer , and is where media ( music , photos , videos , etc ) , downloads , and any non-private app data will be stored . again , looking at your specs , you can see that : the device has 16 gb of storage . that is , it has a 16 gb storage chip embedded in it . of that , 2 gb is partitioned as " internal memory " for apps the remaining is partitioned for " sd storage " ( 13 gb , in your case , probably due to filesystem overhead and such ; this is very common ) . this partitioning scheme as become somewhat less common since android migrated to media transfer protocol for providing access to the storage from a pc . the reason the separate partitions were originally necessary is because android used ums in the earlier versions ( anything &lt ; 3.0 ) , which requires block-level access to the storage space , meaning android had to unmount the storage space that it provided to the pc . a consequence of this was that the entire partition could not be given to the pc because android would basically cease to function until you unplugged your phone if it did . the storage space and the ram are unrelated to one another , and are not on the same physical chip . they serve entirely different purposes .
in google chrome for android , go to Settings &gt; Content settings &gt; Website settings . select the website in concern , and clear the data / cache for it .
currently , the default google launcher does not allow any customisation . in order to go to a particular screen , you need a custom launcher . there is no other way around it .
you can use teamviewer for remote control for this . download the app for your phone from the link and download the software for your pc from http://www.teamviewer.com on screen tips will show you how to proceed with remote sharing . both the devices must be connected to wifi .
why does every application run as a separate user ? because android enforces a far stronger process isolation as traditional ( desktop ) operating systems like unix , linux or windows , while still allowing interaction between applications ( ipc is one of the strengths of android ) secured by a good security model . if it is for security reasons , so that one application cannot harm another ? it is mostly for privacy reasons , but also comes in handy from a security perspective . the strong isolation of apps in android guarantees that no app can affect another app . why is it not like that in the desktop linux distros ? most modern desktop multi-user systems have the focus on isolating users . processes are also isolated , but not as strong as on android . for example , if you install a program on linux or windows , it will have full access to your private user data . on android , if not special permission is granted , it will have only access to its own data . a while ago , the fact that android apps that request the READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE permission also get access to the users pictures residing in /sdcard/DCIM was a big shop stopper . somehow , nobody seemed to remember that under a normal gnu/linux or windows installation , every installed app that is run by the user has full access to it is private data . android is a few steps ahead compared to traditional operating systems when it comes to permissions and access control for normal end-users . typical linux installations for end-users do not expose those features yet . likely because nobody has written nice , user-friendly guis for them . and if there will be ever another windows version after win8 , we likely see a similar permissions system there too .
that is rather a shell scripting question to be asked at super user . your answer can be found here : extract filename and extension in bash : should work on most shells , supposedly . update : you can even omit half of your script by adapting this to your original statements : dexopt-wrapper $i1 ${i1%.*}.odex should create the file with the correct naming , so no need to rename it later . to make your script real short and handy : that is all you should need : )
when it comes to user authentication , mobile browsers are no different from desktop browsers . mobile browsers do not get login credentials from local android accounts . if your primary google account is used automatically , it means you are logged in with this in dolphin browser . simply , go to google . com and sign out , then try again with trello .
the problem went away after the ics update was pushed out .
if you are willing to compile your own roms , you can definitely build them for the emulator . roms are device-specific , and the emulator is just like another device . if you include the drivers/setup code with the rom , it will boot on the device .
your native camera app does not support picture effects as the sony devices with jb update . so you have to go for a third party camera app . there are several good apps out there . fisheye camera photo effects pudding camera fxcamera
i am assuming you mean microsd , not sd . sounds like the card is broken . you could try formatting it as ext3 or fat and see if either work . also , see if it works on a pc ( you can get a microsd/usb adapter for next to nothing ) .
i am guessing there is not a field for birthday in the android contacts app , and when you edit it is replacing the old info with the info on your phone ( which has no birthday due to no field for it ) . here 's the process for reporting bugs at android.com: http://source.android.com/source/report-bugs.html
if you root your device using one of the more modern methods , then you should have a superuser . apk installed that will prompt you before any apps are given root access . the superuser application also keeps track of the applications that have been given root access . if you do not know about rooting , there is no way you have an apps that uses root except if your phone is a second hand , and the previous owner did not wipe and reinstall a stock firmware .
you can see the permissions of installed apps . go to Market -&gt; Menu button, My apps -&gt; select an app -&gt; Menu button, Security  there are also apps called permissions watchdog , and permissions , as per al 's comment .
wipe data will wipe everything on your /data partition ( hence the name ) . a factory reset will wipe the same ( additionally also cache and dalvik cache ) , and put your device back to a virgin state . usually , this does not touch the ( external ) sdcard , and afaik should not touch the internal sdcard either . i do not know on which partition your mentioned folder resides ; but if you want to be on the safe side , back up everything to the external sdcard ( or even better off-device , e.g. to your computer ) .
if you add an empty file called . nomedia to a directory the media scanner will ignore it .
short answer to your questions : in many cases , the camera app itself offers to chose the storage for images/videos . check its settings for an item called " storage " . if it is not there , you could try to use a symlink of the DCIM folder to the sdcard . that is a case for app2sd -- but depends on whether the apps support it or not . you can check this e.g. in settings&rarr ; apps&rarr ; manage apps . if supported by the app , you should be able to move it out of the " system space " from here . as for where an app is installed by default , mostly depends on two things : what the developer specified in his apps Manifest for the install location ( see app install location in the developer 's documentation ) what the user defined in the android settings as default install location ( see e.g. how to install android apps to the sd card by default and move almost any app to the sd card ) related information : install apps to sd card by default setting default install path in android ( xda-developers ) set the storage card as the default install location in android (socialtimes.com)
yes , you can use google drive , dropbox or skydrive to upload your videos . i think though that the youtube app would be better , just remember to mark your video as " private " . you can even set up an extra google account just for that which you can both use with the same password .
since xvid is just an mpeg-4 type , that is a very good bet . there are probably phones that natively decode h . 264 as well , but given its relative newness and google 's recent disapproval of it , it is not as likely . for more specific information , we had need the model of your phone . you can also just google " droid x chipset " or " htc wildfire specs " , for examples , and then when you find the video chip/processor just google whether it decodes your codec of choice .
usually your apps are downloaded using your browser . for accessing them you open your browser , press menu > more > downloads .
the su binary works just like it does on linux ; it runs all commands that follow as root until you type exit ( or terminate the process , etc . ) . sudo &lt;command&gt; essentially does : su &lt;command&gt; exit  android does not normally include sudo , so if you wish to launch commands like you would with sudo , the syntax is as follows : su -c "[command_1;command_2;...;command_N]"  for example , to get a list of installed packages in " root " mode , you can either do $ su # pm list packages # ........ &lt;listing of packages scrolls down&gt; ...... # exit  or $ su -c "pm list packages;exit" 
since rooting changes the system image , the ota update will not apply . you need to download the rom ( e . g . from sammobile.com ) and flash it by hand ( using kies ) .
the issue turned out to be with the charging cable . asus quickly swapped it over with a longer cable too .
search light is open source , has no unnecessary permissions , and has a nice set of operating modes .
yes , you can play amazon prime videos using flash in the browser . see this thread . per the thread , you may have to remove the stock flash and install adobe 's official version from the market , as well as the dolphin hd browser . you can rent movies from amazon , which presumably use the same framework as prime videos . it would probably be advisable to rent a movie to verify it works before investing in a prime membership .
it is possible to create a personal layer in google maps and have it show up in the maps app . you can create a pin , and label it . however , you will only see pins on the app . but once you click on the pin , you will see your custom text . google maps site . log-in to google maps in desktop mode ( a pc maybe ? ) . at the top left beside the Get directions button , click the My Places button . then , click the red Create Map button . give your map a title , add some pins ( and custom text ) on it , then click the Done button . google maps app . if the app is open , close it and open it again . once open , click the Layers button at the bottom right . click My Maps and your list of custom maps will show up , together with the pins you put up . see if that is a suitable workaround . update : the My Maps option of google maps has been discontinued . as of 12th december 2013 , a new app , the google maps engine android app has features similar to My Maps option that allows you to create maps from the google maps engine site . this app lets you see it the created maps and layers .
it seems like the content rating filter on my phone was the culprit ! i recently updated my phone to froyo and the market 's content rating filter was added after the update ! just set it to " all applications " in the market 's settings screen .
i think i got it . this is what i did : system settings > security > device managers disable kaspersky as device manager system settings > screen lock : swipe ( or what you want ) enable kaspersky as device manager now i can unlock the phone with one swipe . i use app protector to lock certain apps plus system settings with a different code . nb : the above names ( like device manager ) may not be 100% accurate as i am not using an english version of android . . .
do not you worry . liio batteries are not that concerned about that . what really lowers their life span are " complete discharges " , not frequent " trickle-charging " . it is even recommended to charge them as soon/often as possible ( and practicable , of course ) . see e.g. wikipedia : lithium ion batteries for details , and also take a look at our question does constant charging harm my android cellphone ? and its answers .
this is a known bug , and it is not entirely clear if it is the sms application or android 's sms implementation itself . you can see the ticket here , which was closed on jan 29 , 2011 . the fix has been slow getting out to phones other than the nexus line because carriers have not released updates that include it . one option in the meantime would be to try an alternative sms app , such as handcent or chompsms . however , though many people say that it does help , others have reported that the bug still persists on 3rd party apps . there is also a reportedly related bug that causes outgoing messages to be sent to the wrong recipient . the " opening the wrong thread " bug was closed as a duplicate of the " wrong recipient " bug , as the fix for the latter apparently applied to the former ( according to google ) .
you can just save the numbers in international form . for example , bob 's would be +1-123-555-1234 and alice 's +52-33-33-12-34-56 .
there is an application which does it pretty well . check out at https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.argotronic.touchblocker
jelly bean upgrade ( 4.2 ) add support for group messaging . so , two solutions : upgrade your phone to jelly bean 4.2 . install a third party application that handles it : this one seems to have a fair number of good reviews .
i have reason to believe that this may be a bug caused when the web app has a large number of bookmarks . in System Settings -&gt; Accounts and sync i turned off Sync Web under my google account . then i went to Manage Apps , clicked the all tab , and hit the Clear Data button . this reduced the usage of the web app to 1% when in the background . when i enabled Sync Web to import all my chrome bookmarks , then disabled it , the problem showed itself again . i reproduced this problem twice .
in response to @zuul 's comment below his answer , usage of the ln -sf /mnt/emmc /mnt/sdcard is not the appropriate way of dealing with it , because it is a soft-link and forcing it that way , can lead to some mis-behaviour of apps who are relying on the sdcard 's mount point , by way of refusing to work with it , play store can fail in this regard . the best solution is to use this : by using busybox , explicitly bind the mount point to make /mnt/emmc behave exactly like a sdcard , i.e. : /system/xbin/busybox mount -o bind /mnt/emmc /mnt/sdcard which will show up as a mount point in the proper way , if this was a soft-link it would end up like this - /mnt/sdcard -&gt; /mnt/emmc  google play store , as i mentioned has an internal checking mechanism to see if the directory is not a link ( it will return a error of -22 iirc ) .
a true octa-core is basically a processor either with homogenous or heterogeneous multiprocessing architecture . the processor in the galaxy s4 ( exynos 5410 ) for example ( intl . edition ) has 8 cores based on the arm big . little architecture wherein 4 cores are slower with low-power and 4 are faster with relatively higher power consumption . under this scheme two possibilities are there : only homogenous multiprocessing , for example in galaxy s4 . this allows only 4 cores to run at a time out of a total of 8 . the processor can control which 4 run but all 8 cannot be utilized together . heterogeneous multiprocessing , for example in galaxy s5 . this allows all the 8 cores i.e. the low power as well as high power cores to run together effectively increasing the maximum achievable performance of the soc . mediatek 's processor is also based on homogenous multiprocessing but has 8 homogenous cores instead of 4+4 different ones . this allows these cores to operate in coalition with each other without the heterogeneous architecture . as far as fast or slow goes it depends on the flops which the processor can achieve . in this case , mediatek 's processor usually has a slower clock speed than qualcomm 's processor and a different architecture as well . thus it is impossible to make a direct comparison of two processor without either a benchmarking software or a datasheet , but in general qualcomm 's latest top of the line processors are better than mediatek 's and this is despite additional cores . one more reason which exists for this performance parity is that not all applications are built to utilize multiple cores i.e. parallel processing . if you want more information regarding the same , consider reading this wiki article on amdahl 's law .
for now there is not , unless an add-ons for whatsapp will enable this or they built it in themselves . it is comparable to facebook , user set their own avatar and this can be seen by friends . this works unlike your contact list in which you control the content and other users have no say in adjusting the content .
it seems that the problem was the encoding that windows media player used . it uses the windows hebrew code-page ( 1255 ) . i used foobar2000 with the chacon plugin to change it to the mac hebrew code-page ( 10005 ) which seems to be supported by my phone .
i9000 does not have an official rom , so i am assuming you are using a custom rom like cm10 . stock players from touchwiz are rarely availble , and for the most part do not work flawlessly on aosp based roms . try winamp and mplayer as alternatives , they work on any roms so you can move freely between roms too .
is your sd card formatted as fat32 ? if so , that is why - it is a fat32 limitation .
the new update has made the size bigger .
use dropbear instead . apt-get install dropbear i cannot find any way to avoid chroot error , so i suggest you another ssh server . it works well . :- )
that sounds to me like a hardware issue . if you are still under warranty , i would get it repaired . if not , you will have to decide whether you want to live with it or pay for repair ( or replace the phone ) .
the correct build was here . it is listed in incremental updates 2.3.6 - 4.0.3 .
uncheck the " notify once " option in your gmail account settings and you should get a notification for every new message . ( specifically : Menu -&gt; More -&gt; Settings -&gt; Notify Once ) edit : apparently older versions of gmail do not have this option , in which case you would actually need to try a third-party app such as gmail notifier .
in android , every package is cryptographically signed by its author . to be an upgrade , the new package has to be signed with the same key as the old package . since packages can read previous versions ' data files , this is an important security precaution . the error you get tells you that the update you are trying to install was not signed using the same key as the package you had flashed to the rom . either the original package you flashed , or the new package , was signed by a different developer . you should either obtain an update from the same source you originally got the gapps package from , or flash a new rom with a gapps package from the same source you are trying to update from . we may be able to help further with this if you edit your question to say where you got these packages from .
i have not tested this specific case myself . the answer might depend on what you might want to do with the mic-only and speaker-only bluetooth device . how multiple bluetooth devices work with a single android phone : the android phone provide you with two types to bluetooth profiles to connect to - phone and media . long press on the device listing in the ' bluetooth settings ' , click on options and you can select which profile your bluetooth device should connect to . the mono hands-free bluetooth headsets can connect to just the phone audio . the mono headset 's options in android will not even list the ' media ' profile . the stereo bluetooth headsets can connect to both phone and media profiles . you will find both ' phone ' and ' media ' options for stereo headsets . an android phone can be actively connected at a time to maximum of 2 devices . one device ( device1 ) will be connected to the ' phone ' and the other ( device2 ) will be connected to the ' media ' . all your phone calls will be routed to device1 and all your music will be routed to device2 . but 2 devices cannot be connected to the same profile at the same time . i have tested this with my 2 stereo bluetooth headsets . your request : connect a mic-only and a speaker-only device to the phone at the same time . what will not work : if you want to use it in a phone call so that you can speak through the mic-only device and hear through the speaker-only device , it will not work . only one device can be connected to the ' phone ' audio at any point of time . for both devices to work together in a phone call they should both be using a phone audio which is not possible . what might work : a mic-only device to ' phone ' audio and a stereo bluetooth headphone to the ' media ' audio might be possible , since both these devices would be connected to 2 different profiles . caveat : i do not know if a mic-only device can be connected to an android device , in the first place . since devices can either connect to the ' phone ' profile or ' media ' profile and both require speaker output at the other end , i am not sure how it would work . i am specifically curious about how a phone call would work when a mic-only device is connected to the phone profile . may be android would receive audio input from the bluetooth mic and send the audio output to the phone 's speaker . maybe android will show a different profile for the mic-only bluetooth device . the problem is in android i do not see a place where one can choose ' audio input ' and ' audio output ' devices like we do in a desktop os . mic-only bluetooth devices are used with cameras as shown in this video . i do not know how they would connect and work with android devices .
as a solution to #2 , geotag security is a program you could use . it ( should ) run in xp , so you would have to copy your pictures to your computer first , or hook your sd up via usb , but it should do the trick ! here 's the site where i found it , the above is a direct link to their site .
currently and sadly , there is no such option to allow the action of auto-answer an incoming skype call . you can keep an eye out on this threads , maybe in a nearby feature such solution will arrive : skype support network : auto answer incoming call on android os xda developers forum thread : [ rq ] skype auto answer xda developers forum thread : [ q ] skype auto answer additionally , 3rd party solutions are not possible to this end , since skype uses a proprietary protocol with no available api as explained on this stackoverflow answer .
android uses a so-called media scanner to index your media files ( this also applies to your images and videos ) . this media scanner ships with the system , and fires automatically on certain system events -- such as after boot , or when you insert your sd-card . it does , however , not react on a simple " file-drop " via network . for such cases , it might need a little help to get to know it has to act : rescan media rescan sd card ! are two free example apps from the playstore which do exactly that : trigger the media scanner . once the media scanner has indexed your new files , they will immediately show up in the corresponding apps such as the gallery ( for images/videos ) or your music player .
the stock email application and many other i have tested present a list of 25 emails per page . the user can however load older emails on demand . this is done due to two main reasons : to prevent large transfers of data that end up using the device communication thus leading to a faster battery drain ; to preserve memory consumption that in turn would leave your device slow and inefficient . i have not found any option on all the applications i have tested that allows the user to define how much emails should be presented each time . i did find that the gmail app auto-loads a new emails list when we reach the scroll limit , thus kinda facilitating the users trouble , but even with this scenario , the user needs to scroll all the way down to get the new list , and yet again , the gmail app like the others , does not have a setting to define the number of emails to be loaded each time . essentially , this is a status-by-design conception used by android and app developers . you may come across with an app that allows you to go around this issue , unlikely it may be , but for the stock app , the reason as to why it loads only 25 emails at a time are the ones explained that sum up as performance issues .
you should be able to use the latest cwm or twrp custom recovery with your device . source : install android 4.4 kitkat on galaxy tab 2 7.0 using cm11 custom build update #1: xda has a thread for custom recoveries for the p3110 . it says that only cwm supports kitkat for that tablet .
yeah , you need to install the facebook application , since it adds the option on the drop menu . then follow this instructions after you installed it correctly : tap and hold an image the screen will change to be possible to select multiple images select the images you want to post on facebook hit share on the bar then facebook
private means you can not back it up . the developer decided that . some apps ignore it fileexpert &lt ; - my favourite estrongs file explorer not a file manager , but also titanium backup
you can try to reboot / remove battery . maybe resetting to factory settings will help . in addition , if everything else fails , you could try following ( read somewhere about it ) : turn it off and then back on ( the one asking you about using wifi to localize you faster ) the bluetooth and wifi are both 802.11 standards , therefore they are controlled by the same chip
open the facebook app and tap the top left main menu in your sidebar . scroll to the bottom and select Account &gt; App Settings &gt; Sync Photos . choose Don't sync my photos . source .
two pieces of ground i want to cover here : /cache is typically a separate partition on your device , which would not be mountable by a pc via usb , which is why that is not working . the usb connection generally accesses a directory named " sdcard " ( or similar ) which is used as an external storage device , although this storage area does not have to be physically external to the device ( it may just be a partition named /sdcard rather than a physical card ) . if the ota is in /cache then you should be able to find it with a file explorer or shell on your device . once you have found it , you could simply move the file from /cache to your external storage and then copy it over usb . you will need root in order to access /cache , though . there are a number of file explorers that support root access , but i personally use es file explorer .
here 's how to get a system dump from android : prepare your pc ensure that your computer has the most recent version of the java development kit installed . if it does not , download and install the most recent jdk from oracle 's java se downloads page . navigate to the download the android sdk page on the android developers website in a web browser and download the installer package to your computer . double-click the downloaded file and follow the installation prompts . navigate in windows explorer to the location where you installed the sdk . by default , this is c:\program files\android\android-sdk . double-click the sdk manager to launch it . in the left pane file tree , check the box next to " android sdk platform-tools . " click " install packages . " a confirmation window appears . click the radio button next to " accept all . " click " install . " a progress bar appears . prepare your phone press your phone 's menu button from the home screen . tap " settings . " the settings menu appears . tap " applications . " in the application settings menu , tap " development . " check the box next to " usb debugging " in the development menu . get a system dump press " r " and the windows key simultaneously on your pc keyboard to bring up the run box . type " cmd . " type the following into the command window : cd C:\Program Files\Android\android-sdk\platform-tools type " adb . exe shell . " type su dd if=/dev/block/stl6 of=/sdcard/factoryfs.rfs at the abd shell prompt . replace "/sdcard/factoryfs . rfs " with the location to copy the file to if you do not want it on the phone 's sd card . reproduced in full from this site
you can install betterbatterystats ( from play store or from xda , the latter is free ) and see which is causing this . if you are running the phone without a sim card this might also be the reason : some phones are not tested well if there is no sim inserted ( my old xperia x8 is such a phone for example ) . narrow it down this way : switch the phone to airplane mode ( switches wifi/bluetooth/gsm off ) then re-enable wifi ( plus maybe bluetooth ) again . just leave it for a while and see if it is better now .
it appears to be defined in /init . rc , at least on my device : export path /sbin:/system/sbin:/system/bin:/system/xbin i do not think you can edit this file directly though , even with root access , because it is part of the read-only boot image , not the /system partition . if you want to edit it then i guess you would have to unpack , edit and re-pack the boot image as described here : http://android-dls.com/wiki/index.php?title=howto:_unpack%2c_edit%2c_and_re-pack_boot_images i have not tried this though .
yes . cpu is not the only thing using power but definitely a major one ( when not idling ) . most android devices have a ' battery ' section in settings which lists what applications are using up your battery . i think it gets reset every time you plug in a recharger . there might be 3rd party apps which collect that information over longer term and display it moer pretty .
following @shadow 's suggestion i have googled a bit more . . . turns out that android > = 4.1.2 prevents you from using tethering if you are served by a virtual operator ( as i am ) . this is a nice post http://albertomilone.com/wordpress/?p=581 explains pretty well the situation and propose a solution based on iptables . edit looks like this problem is solved with android 4.4.2 as stated here
finally fixed the issue ( old cwm ) : upgraded cwm from 6.0.3.2 to 6.0.4.4 using rom manager . rebooted to recovery mode wipe data / factory reset wipe cache partition wipe dalvik cache flash cm zip ( two times ) flash gapps reboot phone ( boot animation now showed ; this was just black before ) after the phone booted , ( and the usual wizard ) , i noticed the baseband was no longer unknown , but listed my previously-flashed modem . i rebooted phone into download mode and flashed a different modem ( for my region ) . phone working normally now . : )
in the regular xauth/rsa authentication scheme both client and server are mutually authenticated using rsa certificates during phase 1 of the internet key exchange protocol ( ikev1 ) that is used to negotiate ipsec connections . in a second authentication step the client authenticates itself using xauth ( e . g . with username/password , but there can be other credentials ) , which is desribed in draft-ieft-ipsec-isakmp-xauth and an extension on top of ikev1/isakmp ( often called phase 1.5 as it comes , together with mode config , between main/aggressive mode and phase 2 , quick mode ) . with the hybrid xauth/rsa scheme , which is described in draft-ietf-ipsec-isakmp-hybrid-auth , the client does no authentication during phase 1 of the negotiation . only the server does so during that phase , allowing the client to verify that it is talking to the right vpn server when it continues to authenticate itself using xauth . this simplifies deployment as no client certificates/keys are required . and compared to the commonly used xauth/psk scheme it prevents man-in-the-middle attacks , which are possible there due to the publicly known pre-shared secret ( at least in larger deployments ) .
most newer android tablets provide both wifi and wifi+3g variants . if a tablet is wifi only - then yes , the tablet can only access the internet via a wifi hotspot/network . if a tablet has 3g capability as well , then yes - a sim and data plan would be needed to use the 3g functionality , but not required to use the tablet . the benefits of using a 3g model would be that you always have an internet connection , even if there is not a wifi network available ( as long as your mobile network has coverage where you are ) . the 3g system in tablets is the same as in phones - except that most 3g enabled tablets do not have the ability to make voice calls , or send sms 's - they are limited to using only the internet through the 3g network . 3g tablets are more expensive than the wifi only models - mostly costing in the region of ~£100 more , however the benefits can be rather useful - especially if you would be using the tablet out and about alot . however , if you possess an android device as well , then you could just purchase a wifi only model , and use the portable hotspot feature of your android phone to create a wifi network that the tablet can connect to , to use the 3g internet of your phone . so , in conclusion : 3g tablets can be connected to the internet practically everywhere 3g tablets can cost around £100 more than wifi only varients wifi only varients can only access the internet when a connectible wifi network is present a sim and data plan are needed to use 3g data on a 3g capable tablet - this will cost extra 3g tablets are ideal for those that will be taking them out and about with them , and would need an internet connection while they are out and about with their tablet wifi only tablets are ideal for those that would only be using the tablet indoors that has a wifi network available , or for those that wish to to the wifi hotspot feature of their android phone .
while trying to explain where to find that "4th tab " , i just see where your problem is : you use the %wifi variable to check for a ) on/off and b ) the connection mode . either it is on/off , or it holds connection info . the first is %wifi , the other %wifii : wifi info %wifii when connected to an access point ( ap ) , shows human-readable data about the ap . when not connected , show details of the most recent wifi scan results for nearby aps . wifi status ( dynamic ) %wifi whether wifi is on or off . note : if wifi is enabling or disabled , in fact anything but enabled , it is classed as off . source : tasker userguide now back to the original explanation about that "4th tab": you see some tabs in both pictures . in the first , " profiles " is selected , in the second " tasks " . in both pictures you see another tab " scenes " . right to that is one more , " variables": but regardless of that : for debugging , you can always to add another item to your task , " notify " , and have it either popup the %wifi ( or whatever variables ) content or add it to your notification bar . this is good for debugging .
i got this some time ago , and even after deleting all of messages ( i back them up to my gmail ) i got the same thing . the problem was that when the internal memory fell below 22m or so ( i forget exactly ) , this message appears . the sms themselves take up very little space , so deleting them had no effect . you may also be suffering from this bug , as i was , which it is important to know about : http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=4991
well , i did not find a way to hide it ; but switched to using widgetlocker for my lock screen and just disabled cm 's .
see the faq , particularly the billing section . you will not get charged for turning on data roaming and connecting to an orange network , but you need to remember to turn it back off before roaming on any other networks to avoid charges . also , the faq mentions that it is only for calls and text messages right now , but it is not clear why they would also mention the data roaming setting if that is the case , so ymmv . regardless , you will likely be limited to 2g since 3g is typically on a carrier specific frequency . and of course , all of this may change if at and t completes their acquisition .
this is not actually a linked contact unless the contact you added it to is from a social network . that is why the unlinking will not work . go to edit the number , select the entire number and copy it , then delete it from the wrong contact , go back , add a new contact , long-press the phone no . field and select paste . or you can use pen and paper too if you prefer .
to put android into " listening mode " , do your long press , then click on the google logo at the bottom of the screen . that is google now , your siri counterpart . for samsung devices with s-voice , double-pressing quickly on the home button will trigger s-voice .
the way i solved the issue to my satisfaction was to buy and install the widgetlocker lockscreen app . this is an awesome little app that basically allows you to replace your lockscreen ( and incoming call screen too ) with something customized . i just have one horizontal slider to unlock the screen now , and it has completely eliminated accidental screen unlocks , as well as accidental accepts/rejects for incoming calls ! :- ) i would highly recommend widgetlocker lockscreen in any case , because being able to customize the lockscreen is really nice .
are all touch-screens on modern devices multitouch capable on hardware level ( if software supports it ) ? this is more or less impossible to answer without spec sheets for every android device that has ever been created ( within whatever timeframe you consider " modern" ) . very broadly speaking , devices from major manufacturers over the last several years will typically support multitouch to some degree , but even that overall degree of support can vary between devices . if not than how to detect if touchscreen screen by itself is multitouch or not ? there are a bunch of apps for this . i would say pick one and try it . if you want to try to verify the results , pick several and try them all .
i finally succeeded ! ! ( youhou ! ! you can not believe how proud i am ! ) first of all , i want to indicate that links on xda ( those that goes in multiupload.com, that redirect to lnx . lu ) , sucks ! i can not believe it . you have to download a " download manager " , with so many related ads and apps you must install . it is a shame . ( i am very angry agains't them ( lnx . lu ) for wasting my time just because they are greedy ) . now , the real answer ! you need to downgrade your hboot version before running the ruu rom , for that , it is quite easy : first , you choose your rom on that page , and notice the rom version then , you go here ( if the link is down , you can download the source code here ! ) and define the cid and the rom version . for the cid , if you do not know it , just set to 11111111 or htc__022 . if you want to try something more precise , you can try the one related to your carrier from this link . keep the download file to a specific directory ( for this case , it will be /tmp/mtd0.img ) . now you need the flash_image tool , if you can not find one , here 's a link . download it to /tmp/flash_image now some command line . for that , you will need the android sdk and a correct usb driver ( adb should return a device when connected , with debug on ) . do these commands : once the phone is on ruu mode ( showing a grey htc logo ) , run the . exe rom you downloaded previously , wait for it to finish , and voilà ! you are done ! : ) here 's the doc i followed for the commands .
doubletwist with airsync will do this , as long as they are connected to the same wifi network and looking at the same location . for bulk file transfers , most file explorers ( like es file explorer ) allow you to browse devices from other devices on the same network .
more specifically adb push [file] [path]  will take [ file ] from the pc and copy it to [ path ] on the android device . adb install [apkfile]  will copy [ apkfile ] from the pc into /data/app/ on the android device . the main difference being that push will let you specify where you want the file to go on the device , and install puts it in a known location ( the location " installed " apps exist in ) .
you want the old version of lifesaver2 available from the free and open source android app repostitory http://f-droid.org it is available here or via the fdroid market app itself . to be able to install it you need to enable unknown sources . if you have no data connection on your old phone : put the lifesaver2_1.0 . apk on the sd card using your s3 or transfer it via bluetooth and then side-load it .
provided you have not rooted the device , a factory reset will reset the phone to the state it was in . note that sometimes , some extra content that was added by the manufacturer ( like some bundled music/images ) later may be wiped . obviously , if you are bundling along the same sd card that you were using earlier , format it and also run it through shredder programs . ideally , do not part with the same sd card - either give the next owner a new card or avoid it altogether .
attachment2sd will do the trick . after you install it when you click on the pdf attachment in the gmail app it'll pop-up the " complete action using . . . " dialog . choose attachment2sd and it'll download to a directory on your sd card , where you can immediately open it or save it for later . this works with all kinds of files , not just pdf .
most common errors ( and solutions to them ) are : different file name : make sure the file is really named recovery-clockwork.img , in your example , or adjust your command according to the file name wrong path , e.g. your file resides in C:\Downloads , but you are executing fastboot flash recovery recovery-clockwork.img from C:\: either first change to the directory the .img file is located in , move the .img to where you want to execute your command , or try specifying the file with its full path ( e . g . C:\Downloads\recovery-clockwork.img ) sometimes adb/fastboot behaves strangely when executed from " somewhere else " . in those cases it helps to first changing to the directory where the resp . executable is located , and run your command from there .
normally , the mediascanner should pick them up from any place , add them to the library , and your player should find them . that works smoothly and immediately if you use the means the designers had in mind ( connect your device via mtp , transfer the files , disconnect – the mediascanner will start immediately ) . but as you use a different way ( we are bad doing so – i am doing it as well ; ) , mediascanner is not triggered immediately . so you either have to wait until it decides to run – or trigger it manually : it runs on every device boot , so a reboot triggers it it runs whenever the sdcard is mounted . so if your device has an external sdcard , going to settings → storage , and un-mounting plus re-mounting the card will trigger it as both above solutions are not really satisfying : there are several apps on play which let you trigger it manually , by just tapping their shortcut . one candidate still working with kitkat is sd scanner . see also my answers here and here . alternatively , you could try a music player that does not rely on the mediascanner . one example for those would be the gonemad music player : here you can define yourself which directories you want scanned , and can trigger a scan yourself from inside the app whenever needed . those rescans are blazingly fast , as they only scan directories you have defined – instead of checking everywhere on the device .
this is entirely up to you , and your personal preference . there is one thing i would suggest though : do not use rom manager ! it has a nasty history of damaged devices . i would suggest that you go with either cwm or twrp , if it is available for your device . i would suggest you flash it using fastboot , if it is available on your device . if it is not , then you should see forums such as xda-developers for info on how to flash recovery images .
after months trying , i solved flashing the defyplus_u3_4.5.1-134_dfp-2311_blur_sign_usadefyemarab1b8tfde004.0r_pds03c_usajrdngibro2de_p020_a025_m002_service1ff . sbf
as t0mm13b already suggested , tasker can do that easily : condition : [ location ] task : keyguard disable/enable for location , you can use different sources : gps ( most power-hungry variant , as it requires a permanent gps scan -- but most accurate ) network based ( less power-hungry , but still requires at least wifi -- but less accurate ) cell based ( least power-hungry , not to say : using almost no additional power , as the mobile cells are either used for telephony and mobile data -- but also least accurate ) you can even combine them : having e.g. cell-based combined with gps would only start gps scanning when the cells already match . the trickier part will be the " require once " element , which will be doable with a more complex tasker profile . if this is relevant to you , i will update my answer to include some hints on this . other ( and easier to learn ) solutions might be available as well , but i am not sure whether they can control keyguard . so you might want to take a look at llama - location profiles , which can at least handle the " location-based " part quite well . and of course you can check the " other users also liked " section for these apps on the playstore .
files in /sys/ are part of sysfs which is a special virtual filesystem to dialog with the linux kernel . you can for example have a fast introduction here . therefore you cannot treat sysfs files as normal files as it may lead to strange behaviour depending on how the program treats them ( same for device files , usually in /dev , or files in procfs in /proc ) . usually to tweak that files you just write in them with an echo , such as echo 255 &gt; /sys/class/leds/mmc1::/max_brightness 
for your sms : check if the notifications in " messaging " is turned off . maybe you , someone or an app turned it off ( untrusted app ) . turn on the app and make sure the " show notifications " is checked . go to : settings -> more -> application manager -> all -> messaging you can do the same process for emails and voice messages . now , make sure all the services are on for emails and voice messages . go to : settings -> more -> application manager -> turned off check if any emails or voice services are off . if these are off ( you prob have rooted your phone ) then you should be able to turn them back on . you might need to reboot for these .
figured this out by looking at the desktop version . enter " about:config " into the address bar . search for " keyword . url " set the value of this setting to the new search provider . for example : " https://www.duckduckgo.com/?q= " update : this has changed in the newer versions of firefox ( desktop version too ) . you now have to install search engine addons . then enter " about:addons " in the address bar . long press on the search engine add on that you wish to be default and select " set as default " from the menu that appears .
the problem disappeared when a newer cyanogenmod build was flashed . ( the problem was present on a stable slimkat rom as well . )
per your last comment , you seek runkeeper pro ( appbrain link ) also check out runkeeper . com . i highly recommend it although i am most likely underestimating it since i just use it for running . it keeps track of your route , time , distance , elevation , calorie burn , etc . your hiking , jogging and snowshoeing tours will each be saved to your ( shareable ) activity list on runkeeper.com. runkeeper uses gps to track your fitness activities , including distance , time , pace , calories , heart rate , and path traveled on a map . pro version also provides audio cues , customized interval workouts , manual entry for treadmill and other cardio equipment , integrated runkeeper fitnessclasses and no advertising . edit : after re-reading the question , i wanted to add that once you have a track saved using runkeeper , you can export it as a gpx or a google earth file . mytourbook 's site says that you can import a gpx although " not all features are currently supported . "
using adb , i believe it is possible : for example we have android program with manifest as under : to run the code issue command like this ( in one line ) : am start -a android.intent.action.MAIN -n com.app1.android.xtract/com.app1.android.xtract.Contact 
business calendar pro ( and maybe even the free version ) can move events from one calendar to another , even if they are on different accounts . i got business calendar pro when i was still using the samsung touchwiz ui because i did not like their calendar application . now that i am on a vanilla android , i still use business calendar pro . the agenda widget is nice and the ui and functionality exceeds the stock calendar app .
see my answer to this question . short answer : yes , it is possible , with a custom recovery , but i am not sure i would recommend it due to my experience with my phones not charging in recovery .
for galaxy devices , you can simply enter about:useragent into your browser 's url bar . i do not think this " sticks " across reboots , but it is relatively painless to do and does not require extra software/hacks/etc . i do not own a galaxy so i am not keen on some of the specifics . if about:useragent does not work , then other phones can typically to this instead : enter about:debug into the url bar to activate debug mode in the browser ( you will not see any kind of confirmation that this has worked ) go into Menu-&gt;More-&gt;Settings and scroll all the way to the bottom . you should see a new menu item called UAString tap the UAString menu option and select a different user agent from the provided menu i have ie6 , " mac desktop " and " linux desktop " as options for mine , all of which give me full versions of websites . see also this question with info on some of the goodies in debug mode . the about:debug menu also works on honeycomb ( or later ) , but the menu is organized a little differently . you enter about:debug the same way , then go into the settings and you will find a new settings tab ( on the left ) simply named " debug " . UAString is one of the first options in this tab .
from looking at some posts on android forums ( 1 ) , ( 2 ) i think it is just not possible - to get more windows/tabs you will need to use another browser like dolphin hd/mini . edit : looks from this post on xda that it is hard-coded into the browser ; it can be changed , but not easily .
a computer usb port is limited to 500 milliamperes ( or 900 ma for a usb 3.0 port ) . the dedicated wall charger , on the other hand , is usually able to provide 1000 ma or more . let 's take the case where a connected phone uses 200 ma . then , the usb port would have 300 ma left to charge the battery while the wall usb charger would have 800 ma left . a typical smart phone battery has a capacity of about 1500 mah ( milliamperes-hour ) nowadays . this means that in a perfectly efficient world , a current of 1500 ma would charge the battery in 1 hour . so the same battery would then charge in 5 hours over the usb 2.0 port and in about 1h50 with the wall charger . of course in reality power losses would also affect charging times but these numbers are quite close to what i get with my actual phone .
i am not sure about facebook events here because i have very few events ever listed in my facebook calendar . but if you sync your phone with facebook ( settings > accounts and sync ) and have it sync live feeds , it should display calendar items in your calendar . i know i have birthdays in my calendar that show up and that is how i have facebook sync setup . if you are setup the same way , try removing facebook sync , clear cache and data from the app ( settings > applications > manage application > all , then find facebook and click on it . there should be an option to clear cache and data . reboot . then recreate the account and sync . not sure if this will help but usually solves most issues . . .
why do not you run it in landscape mode ? portrait is not the default orientation for tablets , even if the android sdk defaults to portrait . i am also wondering if you can cut out the body of the device and set the view to screen-only ; the tab 's screen is 1024x600 , so it should fit your screen like that while in portrait mode .
long-press on the search bar ; after a second or so , a trash can should appear at the top or bottom of the screen . drag it to the trash can . alternatively , you could drag it to an open space on another screen by dragging it to the left or right edge of the screen . the screen will flip to the next panel and you can drop the widget on any open space large enough to contain it .
try going to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage Applications -&gt; All and clearing the data for the market ( you may need to force close it first ) , then reboot your phone . this has fixed a similar issue for me before . i think the poweramp issue is unrelated , their server is probably down temporarily .
from what i can see , there is no way to re-associate a phone . it looks like your option is to disassociate/re-associate .
you can use the ' lasso ' option for that . it works real cool .
this is the expected behavior . queue is the " currently playing playlist " you have playlist a with song 1,2,3 and 4 . if you start listening to playlist a , the currently playing playlist will consist of song 1,2,3,4 . if you see song 1337 , then " add to queue " while listening to song 2 , the currently playing playlist will consist of song 2,1337,3,4 . if the next day , you start playlist a from the beginning , it will still only hold song 1,2,3,4 .
first of all , try to download and install the sdk on a machine which is comparable to the target machine . in this case , install the sdk on a machine with windows 7 , and not with xp ( also , because xp is risky due to end of life ) then copy the android-sdk-folder to your target machine . then you should siply be able to launch it with a double-click on the sdk-manager . however , if this does not work , try to execute the sdk-manager as " administrator " also , if this fails , try to connect the windows 7 computer to the internet and then download it properly as described here : https://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html if this is also impossible , try to give aditional information ( where do you have the sdk from ? is it the latest version ? where did you put it on the target machine ? etc . )
you might be able to prepare ( see below ) your phone for google wallet by modifying the following parts in feature . xml : replace with remove &lt;CscFeature_SmartcardSvc_HideTerminalCapability&gt;eSE&lt;/CscFeature_SmartcardSvc_HideTerminalCapability&gt;  add note , however , that this will only prepare the nfc service of your device to be able to interact with google wallet . there are still some more problems : google wallet will still try to detect your mobile network operator and will typically refuse to work if you use a verizon sim card . ( possibly even your phone 's verizon-specific model number might be enough for gw to refuse to work . ) same applies for getting gw through play store . i am not sure that google has the keys for access to the embedded secure element on any of the isis branded versions of the s4 . if google does not have them , it is impossible for google wallet to install any of the on-card components of google wallet into the secure element . thus , a secure element based google wallet would not work .
i did not realize you can change the account to use when uploading the file . i do not understand how i missed it , but here it is : given that the marked account value always changes back to the other account and i have to adjust it every time , i guess there is still merit in the question . but my problem was finding this ui item .
some are drm protected , others are not . one way i am aware of to find out the ones that are drm , is when you try to download the file for offline reading : if the extension is .acsm then its a drm protected book . if the extension ends in .epub or .pdf then its not drm . protected . related reading : file types for reading on your device drm options for downloads of books on google play related to exporting the ebook to a certain format or have it restricted to be read on google play , the above first link answers your doubt , where they stat that you can read or download to read your ebook on other devices or applications .
the search bar is a built-in part of the default launcher and can not be moved or disabled . the least invasive way to get rid of it is to install a new launcher of your choice and use that instead of the default one . the old launcher is still installed , and will come back when you uninstall the new one , so the question is just whether you ought to install software on this device you have borrowed .
to expand on @rossc 's comment , doing this yourself is quite easy if you are confident and comfortable with device disassembly , and have the correct tools . there are tutorials on how to safely and correctly replace this : ifixit : https://www.ifixit.com/guide/motorola+moto+x+battery+replacement/16974 etradesupply video : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fd3azsxhof8 from experience , i strongly suggest you watch the entire video and/or read the whole article before ever even starting . that way no surprises creep up on you , and you already have an idea as to everything you will need to do . tools can be found widely online and may be worth the investment ( $2 kit on amazon , $1.35 kit on ebay ) . note that this might void any warranty you have from motorola or your device 's distributor . you could check with them first and see if the repairs might be covered for free or a fee . motorola can always help but may cost you more money ( if you are at fault for the damage ) or can take a while to complete due to shipping , service backlog , etc .
you can also run apex launcher from the app drawer of your default " stock " launcher . navigate to apex settings > advanced > set default launcher which will do the same thing - clear the default action and display the popup menu allowing you to choose from the launcher apps currently installed on your device .
i am doing the exact same thing , except with my captivate , and i ran into the same problems . to solve them , i use three apps across the two devices . on my n7 , i use tasker to detect when i lose wifi connection and use bluetooth auto connect as a tasker plugin to automatically connect to my phone . on my phone , i use bluetooth auto tethering , which automatically turns on bluetooth tethering when you start your phone . as a bonus here is a link to my tasker profile/tasks which does all this stuff . i think you can just import it into your tasker .
did you backup/restore your settings to/from google ? if so , that is why you can connect to these wireless networks . one of the things that gets backed up is the wireless network passwords so when you restored them back on your new device it is able to connect . android has built in backup functionality . it offers to backup settings ( including wifi settings ) automatically from each device . when you go through the set-up on a new device it then gives you the option to restore these settings . if you had this configured ( i think it is enabled by default ) then your wifi settings would have automatically been backed up on your nexus 4 and restored to your nexus 5 .
i think you need to have google voice initiate your calls rather than the dialer app . generally speaking you had change the setting in the voice app for " making calls " to " use google voice to make all calls " . if you had like to be prompted before the call , then you can use " ask every time i make a call " . ( there is also an option to use it just for international calls . )
i am afraid not . these bundled apps are part of the rom image , so the app updates are part of the system update . when you install an update , it just copies the data wholesale into the phone 's system partition : it does not install apps one by one . for this reason , there is no way to filter out individual apps from the update . you can not even remove those files from the update image on your pc : removing files would make the update signature fail to match . the phone would detect this and not install the update . you just have to disable the bundled apps you do not want after each system update , or unlock your bootloader and install a custom rom .
i have also encrypted the /data partition ( on my samsung i9300 ) and wanted to reset it for an upgrade . this failed with the error you mentioned , /tmp/recovery.log contains : disclaimer : i am not responsibility for anything that goes wrong , including ( but not limited to ) user error . if you wish to wipe the /data partition completely ( including media like photos ) , follow the below instructions : boot into recovery . run adb shell in a terminal ( linux ) or command prompt ( "cmd " , windows ) . after a few seconds , you should see a line containing ~ # . warning . triple-check the command that you are entering here . white space and capitalization are important . make any mistake here and you may accidentally wipe your whole flash memory including recovery images . note : if you want to encrypt your partition later , you have to leave 16kib unallocated space on the end of the partition . in the adb shell , run the command mke2fs -t ext4 /dev/block/mmcblk0p12 . substitute /dev/block/mmcblk0p12 and ext4 according to the recovery filesystem table ( for /data ) . output when running the command : ( optional ) install new firmware ( e . g . cm 10.1 ) . reboot . ( optional ) in order to encrypt the partition while clearing your whole data partition , run vdc cryptfs enablecrypto wipe PIN_OR_PASSWORD . ( see also https://jira.cyanogenmod.org/browse/cyan-87 ) reconfigure device , choose language , enter name , install apps , etc . technical details below . the factory reset menu item activates erase_volume("/data") in recovery.c which calls format_volume("/data") . format_volume is defined in roots.c : since the volume name indeed starts with /data , and the recovery filesystem table contains an entry for type datamedia and handle_data_media is initially zero , format format_unknown_device is called . that function is defined in extendedcommands.c as follows : fs_type is NULL and the path is /data . that means that the code path ends up at ensure_path_mounted(path) which is the place where this function fails . looking at the name , ensure_path_mounted attempts to mount the partition by name which of course fails since the encrypted partition is not supported in cwm . therefore , cwm refuses to " format " the partition ( actually , all it does is erasing all files except for /data/media after mounting ) . therefore the goal is to format /data with ext4 ( see recovery filesystem table ) or mount the encrypted data partition somehow . i could not easily find the tools for mounting encrypted partitions , so i decided to go the easy way and just format the partition .
the only way to get this to work was for us to do the following in our exchange server . create a new exchange activesync mailbox policy in the client access organization configuration . make sure that require password is disabled for the policy . go to the mailbox of the user in question , in the recipient configuration and open the properties for the mailbox . in the mailbox features tab , select exchange activesync and open the properties . select your newly created activesync mailbox policy and confirm your selection . you might need to remove and re-add the the account on your phone to make sure that it no longer asks you to set a password .
the llama app supports “llamatones” — notification sounds which change according to the current profile . see this blog post for the description by the app developer . you could achieve what you want as follows : create separate profiles for every different configuration you want to have . edit one of profiles and create a llamatone named “sms” ; select a notification sound for it which should be used when that profile is active . to make the notification silent , select a “no sound” ringtone ( at least on cyanogenmod 9 it is available in the “ringtones” group ; if there is no such ringtone on your phone , you should be able to find a no-sound . mp3 and add it easily ) . repeat this step to create llamatones for all other apps which need to be controlled separately ( you can create a single llamatone for a group of apps which should use the same notification sound ) . now edit all other profiles and configure all llamatones there , setting notification sounds which are appropriate for these profiles . configure your apps to use the newly created llamatones as notification sounds . you can either switch profiles manually , or configure llama events to switch them according to the current time or any other available triggers . note that there is no way to set different volumes for different llamatones — the same notification volume is used , but this volume can be set in the profile . however , you can use a sound editor to change sound volume in audio files , and then use those audio files as custom notification sounds , e.g. , like this .
the adb over wifi widget works over mobile ap connections , though it does require root . you had need to install it , place the widget on one of your home screens , and then tap it to turn on wireless adb connections . the widget should then show the ip you need to connect to ( ex : in my case it was 192.168.43.1 ) and the port to use ( mine was 8000 , but this is configurable ) . on your pc you then need to run : adb connect &lt;ip&gt;:&lt;port&gt;  so again using my device as an example , i used : adb connect 192.168.43.1:8000 
i think turning on from shutdown is not possible without messing with the hardware . i have a nexus one which is basically the htc desire and using cyanogen mod i have been able to use the trackball to wake from sleep etc . you will need to root etc and probably will void your warranty whatsoever . try the following link for more info : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=690477 also google cyanogen mod ( i can only post one link at a time )
on android &lt ; 3.0 or on firefox v8 or earlier i think you still have to use the clunky , not-so-intuitive method . you swipe the screen to the left and it will reveal a sidebar on the right side of the screen which has the bookmark star . press that and it bookmarks the page . how they expected to you to find this on your own i will never know . on honeycomb devices with firefox 9+ ( currently beta ) you just need to press the little star icon on the far right side of the address bar . it pretty much works just like the desktop version . annotated screenshot for the right sidebar :
problem solved , but i do not understand what happened . while i got stuck on &lt;waiting for device&gt; message , i have tried Reboot bootloader option and process has been successfully completed . but i have not to do this first time when i was unlocking , rooting , and installing recovery and aokp .
on this question , you might want to check an article on getandroidstuff called superuser vs supersu . quoting : supersu improves everything about superuser and adds more options . the free version offers faster notifications , there is possibility of disabling them for each app and a new interface , attractive and easy to handle . in addition , according to developer claims by using supersu you’ll enjoy higher speed from the apps that require root rights , especially on android 4.0+ . the paid version called supersu pro provides the opportunity to keep root rights after a system update , which usually cancels these rights . although the method is not guaranteed the option is very useful . we have password protection and advanced log configuration settings for each application . you might also want to read supersu brings better superuser root permission management to android . quoting from that article : supersu is basically superuser on steroids . according to the developer , it “allows for advanced management of superuser access rights for all the apps on your device that need root . ” . chainsdd versus clockworkmod as i initially missed you were not asking about supersu , but chainsdd versus clockworkmod : let 's take a look at androidpolice : koush 's superuser is free and open source sources are available at github it supports jellybeans ( 4.2+ ) multiuser ( supersu does this as well ) it will never have a pais version , which would go against the whole open-source principle like supersu , it makes use of the new android.permission.ACCESS_SUPERUSER permission ( already used by several root-apps ) pin protection request timeout customize notifications x86 and arm support tablet optimized ( koush speaks of " tablet mode " , so no fear it would not do on a phone : ) read more in the linked post at androidpolice .
interesting question . nowhere on their site do they mention how a developer would go about listing their application . they only have 968 apps and their twitter feed claims they are apps that are not available elsewhere . they explicitly state their support for the pirate party and then talk about the " crack " that they are using , while others are accusing them of piracy outright . i think that all the signs point to one conclusion . update ( 22nd august 2012 ) : appbucket 's domain has been seized by the fbi as part of crackdown on app piracy .
use foldersync . i was using it to sync folders with google docs . after upgrading to google drive , sync still works . i have just tested by adding new google drive account . google drive is fully supported . just , choose Google Docs when adding account in the app . in case , you do not want to pay , its free lite version is also in play store , but with some limitations . it supports two-way sync as well as one-way sync ( up or down ) . you can use its up sync for backup purpose . it also supports filters based on size , extension etc . so , if you want to backup all photos from your sd card , the app is good to go . it features Delete after Upload , too . you can schedule sync jobs , too . so , it can do backups automatically without any hassle . the best : it features Instant Sync . if you turn it on , files will be synced as long as they will be modified or added in folder .
on ics or later you can check this in your settings . go to Settings-&gt;Security-&gt;Trusted Credentials to see a list of all your trusted cas , separated by whether they were included with the system or installed by the user . earlier versions of android keep their certs under /system/etc/security in an encrypted bundle named cacerts.bks which you can extract using bouncy castle and the keytool program . the summary is to first pull the bundle using adb ( you need a root shell ) then you can use bouncy castle to list the contents of the bundle : there is also at least one app that you can try if you had prefer not to use the shell : cacertman ( requires root to modify the list , but should allow you to view the list without root ) . i believe it came about due to the diginotar fiasco since there were no particularly easy ways for a user to revoke the cert at the time . since the certs are stored differently on ics and later this app will only work on devices running gingerbread ( or earlier ) , but it is obsolete on ics/jb anyway .
after trying a few apps , i settled on kiescast by samsung . pros simple intuitive ui . has almost all settings that one would generally need without being overly complex . play speed from 0.5x to 2.0x . skip interval is configurable . very good podcast search . plays videos as well . cons sometimes cpu use goes thru the roof . loses the play position sometimes after the podcast is stopped . ad supported . can not complain as it is free but company like samsung should be able to support it without ads . moreover , while listening the screen can shut off and thus no ads . in video play mode i have not seen any ads as i usually watch video full screen .
i believe this should work - widgetsoid2 . x on google play ( i have verified that this allows you to create a toggle widget on ics which does not go into settings app and does it work directly . although since wi-fi hotspot is not working on my custom rom of ics yet , i can not verify the actual working . )
usually recent versions of android handles these network switching automatically . when you are connected to wifi , your content would be streamed via wifi connection . you can confirm this the mobile network symbol - h/h+/e/4g would not be available in the status bar of the mobile . usually , android manages wifi and mobile network automatically , i.e. , when both wifi and mobile internet is enabled and if wifi is avaialble , mobile internet is not used . when u leave the wifi network , you would get connected via mobile data . hope this helps : )
wiping or performing a factory reset via cwm should not touch any of the data on the internal sd card . however , performing a factory reset from within the android settings will wipe all personal data on the sd card . use odin to flash a stable version of either the stock rom or one designed especially for your device . that should at least allow you to boot the phone normally .
the feature i was looking for is called ( on the apps i’ve found that have it ) “auto-dismiss” . i’m trying alarm clock xtreme free , which offers this feature ; if i’m happy with it i’ll upgrade to the paid version .
i think it is the result of a new synchronization option in 2.1 or 2.2 . on the first boot it asks whether you want to store some information about your apps online . i found it quite confusingly worded and was surprised by this effect . iirc you can prevent this from happening by refusing all the synchronization on the first boot . and i learned to only update when on wifi . .
set up a child account on the device , this is pretty simple , there is an overview of that process here . you do not to sign the child in using a google account , it lets you skip these steps . assuming you want your kids to be able to download any apps you have already paid for , or want to be able to download any apps you buy them , sign into the play store on the child account using your main account 's credentials , it is probably worth also choosing not to sync all of the main account 's emails/contacts/etc . across at this point . you can then add a pin to the play store so that they can not buy anything with your details and also choose the maturity rating of the content they see , this will not affect the settings of the main account 's play store on the device despite the fact you are using the same google account on the store . from this your kids can access all your already paid for applications but thanks to the pin will not be spending any of your money , at least not without your knowledge , and you have not had to sign them up for a google account . any apps that they download also are not automatically put into your main accounts app list so you do not have to worry about them downloading a load of games and it filling your home screen a la ipad/iphone style . the downside to this approach is that your kids will be able to read your gmail , see your calender and contacts etc . a good solution to this is an app locker which restricts them from using these applications . i tested app lock and it seemed to do the job well . if you do not mind your kids not being able to download apps you have already paid for on your account and are not bothered about not being able to access any games you buy them then i think it would be worth signing up for a new main google account and adding your credit card details to this . you could then sign onto the child 's play store using this new account , set up the pin same and maturity in the same way as the last approach but this time you will not have to worry about them seeing your emails or any other information that is linked to your main account . for both of these approaches if you download an application on the child 's account with your main account selected in the store but have added the child 's email as well and then switched back to this on the store after the download the app will remain on the device and still be usable . if you want any more information , clarification or screenshots just say in the comments and i will add it or test it out if i have not already .
you could try and change it to a black wallpaper . there is a no wallpaper app on google play , which you install as a live wallpaper . it does not take a lot of resources .
the charging coil is embedded into the back panel of the phone and is located directly over the battery , as shown in steps 7 and 8 of ifixit is teardown . the battery is not quite non-replaceable , as the above mentioned teardown shows . it is somewhat involved to replace it ( you will need a torx screwdriver , a philips screwdriver , a plastic opening tool , and some patience ) , but it is perfectly doable . if you are wanting something that will work for sure , the official wireless charger would probably be your best bet . however , it is not exactly cheap at $50 . i personally use this charger with my galaxy s3 , which i added a wireless receiver to . i find it works well and charges right through my lifeproof case .
you could use widgetlocker to add your favorite world clock widget to the lock screen . you can find these widgets by searching the play store .
i got the solution ! somehow i could get into the settings menu by turning aeroplane mode on and starting google maps ( which is on my home screen ) . google maps then sends you to settings . in there i can scroll using three fingers . ps : i feel stupid : )
cdma phones do not use sim cards , that is the most obvious way to tell . ( some world phones are both cdma and have gsm hardware and sim cards , but that is not relevant here ) . most carriers are only one or the other so your carrier should be a good indication as well .
there is missed message flasher in the play market . note : i have not actually tried the app .
add the language parameter to the end of the url : https://market.android.com/?hl=enlr=lang_en
tasker should be seeing the event even if the system does not have it set as the default handler , so you should be safe setting smart dock as the default . ( that said , you could also have tasker handle the launch of smart dock . )
if you have saved the previous version 's .apk , you can re-instate it . that is why i have appmonster pro backup restore installed and running : it captures each and every .apk installed , so i can always revert to a previous version . if you do not have the old .apk available , and you are talking about a free app , you can check android drawer for a previous version 's .apk . download it , make sure you have unknown-sources enabled in your settings , and launch the .apk e.g. from a file explorer . this should install the ( old version of the ) app without you losing any data .
looks like your standard charset problem . the file 's in utf-16 and the app only supports utf-8 , or you do not have the font for the " weird " characters , etc . more than likely there is nothing you can do ; android internationalization support is pretty bad and most apps do not even try .
go to Menu &gt; More &gt; Settings , make sure that " email notifications " is checked then " select ringtone > silent " and " vibrate > for all gmail notifications " .
i just found es file explorer which seems to do what i need , and a little bit more . this looks pretty promising . i will report back if i have any issues with it , but for now it seems to answer my question .
the samsung galaxy s2 does have dual microphones . however , if using gingerbread ( 2.3 ) , the device only records mono audio . using ice cream sandwich ( 4.0 ) though , the device can record stereo audio at about 130 kbps with a sampling rate of 48khz . source : gsm arena
well after an hour of searching around for how to revert the hosts file , i gave up . ( i kept having permission denied errors ) . so i downloaded adfree again ( turns out that is what i had before ) and clicked " revert " .
as izzy points out , /system is usually mounted read-only , because it contains the operating system itself . the only reason you are getting these errors is because you specifically asked the command to wipe both /system and /data: that is what the all means . if you actually did that , you had have to reboot into recovery to reinstall the os . if that is what you really want , you should first remount /system as read-only by running the following command in a root shell on the device : mount -ro remount,rw /system  if you just want to wipe user data , to get an effect like a factory-reset for a clean slate for testing , then the command you need is wipe data .
my answer for you is twofold ; there are innate downsides to off-brand devices but - most importantly - your use case ( development and application purposes ) might make off-brand android phones a poor choice . this is from my experience with the phones ( i have a lot , having lived in asia for years , and seeing a lot here in the states ) first , the general issues . cheap , off-brand phones like that can actually perform quite well - but those good phones can be few and far between . often , you will face issues with any/all of the following : screen quality - this is generally the first place no-brand manufacturers cut corners . many , if not most , of the devices will have low resolution and poor color reproduction . battery - this is the next big issue with these . there are many reasons that cheaper design , development , and manufacturing generally mean poor battery life . from the chips used , to the battery technology used , to the radios ( in your case , dual-sim is a known battery-drainer ) . local support - your mileage may vary™ . many , if not most , no-brand devices are quad-band gsm-devices - worldphones ! ! but many are not , and almost all are poorly documented . it may claim to be a worldphone , but who knows for sure ? slowness - these things are cheap . good nand is expensive , good socs can be expensive . most off-brand phones are much slower than the big-name phones from htc , lg , motorola , etc . . . customer support - almost universally non-existent when dealing with these things . long-term manufacturer support - you are almost guaranteed to never see an update to the android os on these phones . community support - the devices are , unfortunately , almost never supported by the hacking/modding/open-source communities . phones from big names almost all have communities for modding/roms/help built around them . that does not seem so bad , right ? you will be developing software for your organization . you do not care about watching movies - so screen quality does not matter - and it'll always be plugged into a dev machine - so battery does not matter either . you probably expected slowness too . you probably do not care about those issues ! let me tell you why you might want to care . screen - it is likely to be an old , depracated screen resolution . if you are going to be developing applications to publish then it could be a problem making your app compatible with standard screen sizes . ( your so question implies you are not , so this might be a nonissue ) . slowness - you mention that this will be a low-demand server and sms gateway . slowness may be a downside for you . the phone you linked is very slow . long-term manufacturer support - this thing runs android 2.3.6 . that is ancient . even though that version is still used on many android phones today , it could be very limiting for you with its old api . community support - it is very likely that you will need to use adb , perhaps get root , and a plethora of other generally-simple tasks that could be made difficult by the way the phone is engineered . usually , there is a community to ask for help when things like this get in the way . not so for this phone . tl , dr : you will probably be able to make a workable solution with the phone you linked . there are some very significant unknowns - hiccups you may run into with your project , and hiccups you may run into with the phone - that might be bad with this phone , or they might be no problem . if it was me , i suggest this little phrase : if you have to ask , " is this phone going to work ? " then you should probably consider a different phone . get a device that you know will work . nexus phones are made for this situation . and big-name phones , while not as much as a nexus , will probably be a better solution than the phone you linked . i realize the price of nexus phones in india is expensive , but i would say it is worth the added cost .
thanks all . in android 4.2 jelly bean , we should manage default app in same app we do not want it to handle sms . in tango 3 settings , there is an option to avoid sms handling .
the easiest solution would be to simply remove the battery . as far as i know , holding down the power button on the galaxy nexus does not force it to power down .
the launcher on the moto g is indeed almost identical to the stock android launcher - but not the google experience launcher that is seen on nexus devices running android 4.4+ .
the reason it does not work is because there is certain data types that are allowed through such as jpg , png , zip , pdf , text , anything else is filtered out and denied for the simple reason of security and to prevent malicious exploitation of transferring a binary executable across it for example . you cannot edit them as they are baked into the rom and built at compile time . look in packages/app/Bluetooth/src/com/android/bluetooth/Constants.java: it is similar in principle to the mime types found in among web servers , such as uploading a png or jpg to a site . the filters would be in place to prevent window binaries to be uploaded .
after leaving it in the loop for days using 4 different wall adapters and a usb port , i found the wall-to-usb adapter that originally came with my device . i plugged my tablet in with that and it booted normally and started working ; i do not know why that fixed it , but it did .
since you specifically mention twrp in your question , i will just use it as my example . note that cwm or any other possible android recovery project will also apply . it looks like there is a slight misconception at play . i will just drop a few clarifying notes here : twrp is indeed an image to be flashed . flashing twrp does not overwrite your bootloader . twrp is not a bootloader replacement - it is recovery software . it is a drop-in replacement for android 's stock open-source recovery mode , and therefore has the access needed to do things like create/restore backups root devices install official updates so the short answer is : yes ! it is indeed possible to root without overwriting the stock bootloader ! a few more notes : twrp ( and cwm recovery ) is a mature ( several years old and quite stable ) open-source project that is used by a huge portion of the android community and considered very trustworthy . flashing twrp will replace the contents of /recovery/ . you generally need to use the stock bootloader in order to select the boot-to-recovery option in order to use twrp .
yes , you can delete the stock email ( email . apk ) and stock calendar ( calendar . apk , calendarprovider . apk ) app . for a list of other apps you can delete on cyanogenmod , see the expandable list at the bottom of the cm wiki . i am not so sure for aosp though .
i do not think this is a design feature . . . i am not able to reproduce this at all ( except for scrolling down a bit : ) . however , as the android market app is not the most stable app on the android platform , you might want to try clearing the market app cache . go to settings - applications - manage applications - select android market app - click the clear cache button . restart the market app and check if the checkbox is present .
as workaround you can prefix the notebook names with non-alphabetic characters to control the sort order . for example i prefix my notebooks with zero to three underscore characters ( "_" ) to sort the notebooks in four groups , as so _notebook1 _notebook2 _notebook3 __notebook1 __notebook2 __notebook3 ___notebook1 ___notebook2 ___notebook3 notebook1 notebook2 notebook3 you can use any other renaming scheme you find appropriate in your case , for example , simply prefix the notebooks by numbers ( "1_" , "2_" , "3_" , and so on ) .
take a closer look when swiping your finger to unlock the screen , there are a few apps surrounding the unlock area , swipe right to only unlock and not open other apps . to change these shortcuts , go to settings - lock screen - slider shortcuts .
see these other two , older questions , about how to take screenshots : taking a screenshot of an android phone ? and can i screenshot my htc legend without rooting it ?
my answer ( s ) : ( these are limited to my experiences ) no , you most likely will not be able to apply a standard update to a rooted phone . as far as turning off the update , this is most likely specific to the phone , and if it is being pushed by your carrier , my guess is you can not just turn it off . i would choose ( now that you are rooted ) to just flash a new rom . if you like your stock stuff , you can probably find a rom that is the same thing you are using now , with the 2.3.6 update . this rom may be what you are looking for in the case i described . it does not require you to do a wipe either , basically the update for your phone !
factory reset only resets all user data , not the os itself . if your update failed for some reason , you had have to reflash the phone . you can find info on this in the xda-developers forum . note that since your phone is rooted , your warranty may be void . take this into consideration before you take your phone to the service center .
my phone is working on 4.1.1 and i downloaded and installed the application , it worked fine . no problems at all . xda seems to be a reliable source . i used it to type this answer and i am going to uninstall it as i have paid version of swiftkey . i will post a comment whether it uninstalls or not .
as matthew read noted in a comment : yes , it is . the entire data directory is simply deleted : the shared_prefs directory is absent in the last ls listing because i did not launch the app , i only reinstalled it , therefore there were no preferences yet created for it ( it sets defaults on the first launch ) . i point this out only because it illustrates that the preferences from the previous install were not retained anywhere .
i believe it is related to this issue : onsignalstrengthschanged returns unknown signal strength where android return wrong strength on galaxy s2 .
i have the same problem here in brazil . last year , i bought a galaxy s , and the photos had that red color in the center . i went to the store and exchanged it for another one , which had the same problem . i went to the store and returned it . i decided for an iphone 4 . now , i got bored with iphone 4 and this week i bought another galaxy s , it has the same problem ( red color in the center of the photo ) , but i decided to keep it anyway . for what i see in your post , the red color is a general problem . i just don’t understand why the samsung has not already corrected that problem . i have made some tests with the camera , and noticed that the problem occurs in low light conditions , especially under incandescent light , but outdoors the picture is normal . maybe the problem could be correct by some software or an update for samsung . i looked over in the internet and didn’t find any solution . so , if somebody knows a solution , please post it here .
method 1 stop syncing with google account , check that all google contacts are gone , set up sync again . method 2 remove the google account , add it again . ( you can do both in accounts and sync from phone settings . )
there should be an option to remove non-primary google accounts if you go to settings -> accounts and sync -> ( the google account ) , tap the three-dot menu in the top right corner and select remove account .
yes , on august 3rd 2012 google listen was discontinued and is no longer available on google play . if you already have it , it will continue to work , but on november 1st 2012 , the podcast search will cease to work . this project was very limited in functionality anyway . there are other apps out there that are updated and actively worked on . i think the last time google listen was updated was a couple months after it came out in 2009 . a lot of the podcast apps out there now can make use of the " listen subscriptions " folder that is in google reader . this is where google listen stored your subscribed podcasts . i continue to use reader to store my podcasts in this location , then i import it to the player on my phone .
android police has all the apks . here 's the lastest one .
if you long click on a text box , you have the option to change the keyboard to any you have enabled under Settings -&gt; Language &amp; Keyboard . maybe you accidentally switched it ; )
you can use a Variable Split action with a splitter of / to get the pieces , then use %VAR(&lt;) to get the filename . if the fact that the full filename is in an array already gives you problems , copy the array element into a non-array variable first . from your comments , it sounds like you have this code : it is probably not a good idea to use %files as both the " variable " and the " items " portion of the for loop . try using %file for the variable , then replace all references to %files inside the loop with %file . please correct me if i have not captured your code correctly .
you will need to root your phone first and then download and install a free app from the market called ' rescan media root ' by ' aditya talpade ' . launch the app and you can easily disable the scans .
easytether is the easiest way to share your phone wireless internet with your computer . you install the program on your phone , set up the drivers ( which can be found here ) and run . to enable easytether , check the top box on the application screen . easy as that ! after you install the drivers : for ubuntu : start a terminal window type easytether connect it will connect , and give you another command that you can type into another terminal window to see status information about your connection . note : the original terminal window you open ( that you typed easytether connect into ) must stay open while you are using the connection for windows : right click the easytether logo in the taskbar ( lower right hand side , by the clock ) choose connect via (big number here) you are connected !
do not have a windows machine handy but look in the microsoft site advises , ( for windows 7 ) : autoplay lets you choose which program to use for different kinds of digital media , such as music cds or pictures from your digital camera . show all to turn autoplay on or off when you turn autoplay on , you can choose what should happen when you insert different types of digital media into your computer . for example , you can choose which digital media player is used to play cds . when autoplay is turned off , you are prompted to choose what you want to do when you insert digital media into your computer . open autoplay by clicking the start button picture of the start button , and then clicking control panel . in the search box , type autoplay , and then click autoplay . do one of the following : to turn autoplay on , select the use autoplay for all media and devices check box . to turn autoplay off , clear the use autoplay for all media and devices check box . click save . n.b. it is almost always a good idea to turn this off as it stops malicious code on cds/dvds/usb keys/etc from being able to run .
capacitive touchscreens found in modern smartphones do not wear out , physically , because they are solid-state technology behind a piece of glass . practically the only way to destroy them is to build up a goodly amount of static electricity and then touch the screen -- if you are deliberate about this , it might zap the circuitry , but it is not specific to touchscreens and you can do that with all kinds of electronics . resistive touchscreens found in older electronics can wear out because they are basically made of movable things ; two layers of transparent conductive material with a thin air gap in between them . because the screen relies on physical pressure from your fingertip , there can not be a solid piece of glass in front of it ( even if the lcd screen behind the touch array probably is made of glass ) . when your finger presses the layers together when you touch this screen , you effectively create an electrical short that is used to signal which point on the screen was touched . press hard enough and you can damage these layers so that they do not move away from each other again . press often enough and you will simply wear out the outermost soft plastic material of the screen -- this is why it is important to use a clean stylus ( and/or a screen protector ) .
i hate to answer my phone question on here , but finally sorted it ! thanks to adach1979 for pointing me towards a useful resource too . in the end i had to put cm10.2 onto the sd card and install that using cwm - it wiped all of my data ( urgh ) but at least the phone was working again . i then used cyanogenmod 's fantastic installer to get the latest version - http://beta.download.cyanogenmod.org/install i then had issues where the usb kept disconnecting , apparently this is common on samsung devices and i managed to fix it by using zadig and these instructions - http://forum.cyanogenmod.com/topic/82393-samsung-devices-we-couldnt-talk-to-your-phone/ and now , almost 4 hours after i started , cm11 is finally installed on my phone ! : )
yes , support for this is native in android . i have an exchange account added to my phone ( settings > accounts and sync > add account ) . once i snyc'd email and calendar i was able to receive meeting requests through the mail application , accept them , and then see them show up in my calendar with a different color . the way google handles exchange is really sweet . update : so i played around a bit and here is what i found . from the gmail app on the phone you cannot accept appts . but , not sure how it works with ical and such , i just sent myself a meeting notice from my exchange outlook calendar to my gmail account . i signed into gmail from my computer , got the invite , i clicked yes i am attending , and it now shows on my calendar . so from the gamil app it appears we cannot accept invites but from a computer we can . : (
the android device manager application has access to many device permissions . some of those allow it enable gps capabilities in order to find out the device 's current location . once you enable it on your phone , you can log into adm 's web site , and provided your device currently has internet connectivity , you can send a request to your phone to retrieve this information and send it to google 's servers . google then displays see this information on a live map . as described in the help section of adm 's website , you can also choose to provide the phone number to dial once you lock the device remotely ( it can be any number that you currently have access to . ) this information is then sent to the phone , and is displayed on the lock screen with a dial button . you can also choose to wipe your device , in which case google will remotely instruct the adm app that is installed on your device to perform a full factory reset ( including wiping the contents of removable storage . ) in terms of privacy issues , it is definitely a trade-off . by using apps like android device manager ( there are plenty of alternatives as well , ) you are trusting that application 's developers with your location data . in return there is a small chance that you will be able to retrieve a lost or stolen phone , or at the very least erase your private data off of it . in this case you place your trust in google , since they are developing adm .
download ical import export 2.2 from the play store and you can backup the calendar on your phone . move the file to your pc and follow the instructions here : https://support.google.com/calendar/answer/37118?hl=en to upload to your google calendar online . or maybe you can just turn sync on ? that i do not know . but create the backup first if you try it ! good luck
no need to factory reset . just go to Settings &rarr ; Call . scroll down to the bottom and enable Show caller ID for missed calls on lock screen and status bar .
the current new nexus 7 's only support wifi . they do not support any mobile data yet . but once they are released with mobile data support , you can count on them supporting older networks , like 3g ( hspa/hspa+ ) as well as supporting 4g ( lte ) . lte coverage is not wide enough for them to only support 4g .
this is a crash and restart of the android runtime , without a crash and reboot of the underlying linux operating system kernel . the uptime refers to the underlying linux , so it is maintained across the framework restart . the difference between a framework crash and restart vs . a kernel crash and reboot is not very apparent to the end user , since there is no visual console while the gui is down ; from a debugging perspective though they are very different and imply bugs in different parts of the system . for point of comparison , if you connect to a device by adb ( and i think this even works on a secured , ie not rooted one ) , you can cause a framework restart by typing stop ; start  and a reboot by typing reboot  you may or may not see any difference in sequence of splash screens , though the framework restart may be a little faster than a reboot .
sure . first find a text editor that you like , then launch the editor and open the html file . many editors will also show up as an option in the launch menu for html files if you open them from a file browser , so you may be able to just find your html file in your file browser and select your text editor when you open it . edit : per your comments , if you are looking for an " open with " style menu then i can recommend file expert . you can long press on any file and it will give you an " open with " option which allows you to choose from the list of your installed applications . there might be other file managers that do this , too , but i am not sure . astro has " open as " which is a bit more limited since it gives you a list of applications based on the file type you choose ( text , music , video , image ) .
i ended up finding a great app called calendar snooze that does exactly what i was looking for . you can set custom snooze times , set how often the reminders repeat if you do not snooze them , etc .
sorry , but you cant prevent this . the developer can set in the androidmanifest . xml if the activity ( the screen you see ) hide the statusbar or not . this is the setting , if you are interested in : @android:style/Theme.NoTitleBar
he will still have access to all his purchases . he will not be able to access the uk google play store , unless he uses alternative methods ( vpn/tunneling/market enablers . . ) . assuming he managed to access the uk play store ( 2 ) , he will be able to purchase as normal provided that he has access to his uk credit/debit card . in order to purchase a nexus device , he has to use his uk credit/debit card , and select a uk address for shipping , and then have someone forward him the package . provided that the devices he purchased was activated in the uk , he should still the books and movies apps on his android phones/tablets . some devices however will automatically freeze these apps on boot if the device was not activated in a supported country . note : devices , books , magazines , music and movies and tv are not available in switzerland without using methods that bypass the restrictions . note : the answer above is based on my experience with dealing with google purchases , market restrictions , and international shipping . i have never dealt with the swiss google market specifically , but the experience should be the same .
you can do so e.g. with tasker , adapting the wifi tether profile described in the tasker wiki -- provided your phone is rooted : requirements rooted device tasker locale execute plug-in ( no longer available -- but most likely no longer needed , either ) wireless tether for root users tasker-tasks tether-on : plugin -> execute script -> run shell /data/data/android.tether/tether start 1 , check " use root " ( with the locale execute plugin , prefix the command with an ! to mark it as " root command" ) tether-off : plugin -> execute script -> run shell /data/data/android.tether/tether stop 1 ( with the locale execute plugin , prefix the command with an ! to mark it as " root command" ) tasker-profiles you now can attach these tasks to any condition , such as e.g. " wifi near " with your networks name . you can also add things like " wifi on " / " wifi off " to above tasks to customize . detailed descriptions can be found in the linked wiki .
go to Settings-&gt;Sony Ericsson-&gt;Connectivity and un-check Auto connect in MSC .
it is , if you have root access . found the following solution on l0uy blog : open /system/csc/others.xml and add the following child to the &lt;FeatureSet&gt; parant : &lt;CscFeature_Contact_SetLinkCountMaxAs&gt;30&lt;/CscFeature_Contact_SetLinkCountMaxAs&gt;  the 30 is the limit , how much contacts you will merge . choose what you want . works fine on 4.1.2 .
this looks like what you want . basically , any rom that says it is a " gpe " rom or a " google play edition " rom will be what you are after . to get the google apps you will need to flash a gapps package such as the paranoidandroid ones - you can just choose the " stock " package . flash those after flashing the rom and you will have a pre-rooted , dev version rom .
yes , you should be able to use fat32 with no problems . android supports fat/fat16 and fat32 , and i believe raw / unformatted cards may work with some phones . you can also use ext partitions but this requires some extra work , see for example how to use ext partition in my android ?
cleared dalvik cache and it worked .
it depends on your device and what app you are using . on my droid 1 running froyo if i add my own cell # to my contacts the default messaging app uses the avatar that is set with that contact entry . if you add this it may take a little while for everything to sync up and for the pic to begin to display . in handcent sms you can set custom contact specific avatars .
according to this blog post , you need a 3.5mm -> rca/phono cable , and it goes in the headphone socket of the phone .
i remember this . when i first got my phone i made the same mistake , setting my contacts to save to my phone instead of google . i believe i ended up using the free version of mybackup to backup my contacts , then restore them as google contacts .
it is been reported as a known issue on code . google . com . there is a long list of 79 comments which seem to indicate that rooting and adding a program called " autostarts " fixes the problem . this is obviously not something everyone is going to want to do . . . be careful if you go that route .
ok , this is not exactly what i was looking for , but it works . . . it is more like a preventive approach . so , my solution would was to install titanium backup ( which requires root access to work ) and backup all my apps . then , whenever i need more space , i just backup my apps before i go on . if i need them again , i can use titanium backup and restore . and this is why i consider it a preventive approach : it is all about regular backups . if anyone knows a better way to do this , please share = )
i am looking for an xps reader too . two points . first , google docs viewer supports . xps files ( getting to know the google docs viewer ) but google docs mobile viewer does not , per my experience and this support page ( viewing files from within google docs ) . i spent time trying because this cached page ' s article title is google docs mobile viewer for android , iphone , ipad has been released and has this list of tags that made me think i would found a solution . article tags:xps android , xps viewer android , android xps , xps viewer for android , android xps viewer , android xps reader , xps reader android second , perhaps if enough people show interest there will be an xps viewer available from the android market . i added to the android market xps viewer feature request thread .
did you remember to switch to swype from the default keyboard ? press and hold inside any text box ( like google search , for example ) . a pop-up should come up with one or more options . select the " input method " option and then select " swype " .
no idea about other apps but angry birds save data is stored to /data/data/com . rovio . angrybirds/files if you copy over the contents to a separate location , then re-install angry birds and move back the old save data into the same location after re-installing angry birds , you should have the same save state .
/data/system/dropbox is not part of " dropbox " it is part of the android os dropboxmanager ( not related at all to " dropbox" ) . this puts data from application crashes and kernel logs and such in this log directory . i know the market uses this directory ( see #4 ) as well , probably to report application crashes . you could probably remove the data in this directory , but do not delete the directory and you may see logcat errors from parts of the os/apps looking for specific files in this directory . edit : i deleted everything from this folder and rebooted my device afterwards , i had no issues with any applications , and it actually freed up some space on the device .
i am currently using screen filter . it reduces the brightness of your phone below the level of what android os provides . works for me and is a good battery saver . hope this helps .
this happened on my nexus - you just have to reboot your device , and the icon will show up . most likely niantic changed the launcher activity , so the short cut is no longer pointing to the correct activity , hence the error message . rebooting the device/restarting the launcher , and then re-adding the home screen shortcut will fix this .
the best option you can use open the menu in play store and then go to settings and then mark the notification:notify me about updates to apps or games that i downloaded and then you will get the notification and update them whenever you want to . also unmark the auto-update apps so it will never update them automatically .
either your phone silently drops pings , or the router it is behind , either your wifi router , or the 3g network 's router that nats your phone drops them .
i do not have a motorola atrix 2 at hand , but as far my memory goes , you can go past the " no sim/emergency dial only " screen if you boot the phone while holding the camera button pressed .
not sure which task manager you are using -- but some devices/android versions distinguish running apps from services . on my droid2 running gingerbread , i find running apps at apps-> apps in the " running " tab , while services show up at apps-> active services . parts of google maps ( which is the navigation app you probably refer to ) are implemented as services , as e.g. the " location service " which keeps checking your gps or wifi based location in the background . i never used navigation itself , but i imagine this is handled similarly .
the files ( if they are considered as such ) to which logs are written by the device are not in /system but in /dev/log . these " files " are reset at every boot , so unless the device you have has a boot-time script that automatically saves logs to a file in , say , /sdcard , there is sadly no way to retrieve the logs you want while in recovery .
android 4.0+ officially supports bluetooth tethering in both directions ( and allows bridging to whatever the internet connection is ( wifi/usb/3g ) ) . you need : 1x device as tether host running android 4.0+ that has wifi/3g/usb internet 1x client device running android 4.0+ both devices are bluetooth paired enabled ' bluetooth tethering ' setting on the host device : settings => wireless and networks : more => tethering and portable hotspot => bluetooth tethering you then can connect to the tethering profile : settings => bluetooth => paired devices/gn => profiles/internet access the gnexus fulfills all of that , however your p1000 cannot officially upgraded to android 4.0 though , so you are out of luck or you have to install an aftermarket firmware ( e . g . cyanogenmod9 , which is based on android 4.0.4 )
you can download the flash player 10.1 app from the market or by going to http://adobe.com on your phone and clicking on the get adobe flash player button .
it is just a maintenance update for bug fixes . this is the best i can find : revision 3 ( march 2012 ) maintenance update . the system version is 4.0.4 . note : this system image includes support for emulator hardware graphics acceleration when used with sdk tools r17 or higher . ( more info ) http://developer.android.com/sdk/android-4.0.3.html unofficial change log revision change log and more details
the key was to delete the telephony application . this tables has no phone . after deleting the following built-in applications , telephonyprovider and phone , a new icon appeared in the top box , it was a signal bar strength icon with an x in it . now the " cell standby " no longer appears , and the battery lasts 3-5 hours depending on what i am doing .
background to understand the issue , you will need a little background on how this works : for almost everything , android broadcasts " events " -- such as e.g. boot_completed , sms received , sd card inserted/removed , battery low . . . nfc signal received . apps can register so-called " listeners " with the system , which are bound to specified events . in your case , mentioned apps have registered for nfc events . now , when an event is broadcast , and there is no listener to it , nothing will happen . is it a single app that registered a listener , this app will be called . if multiple apps registered listeners , the system looks if one of them is set to " default " by the user ; if so , this one is called -- otherwise a popup appears fot the user to chose which app should handle the event . usually , this popup also holds a checkbox to make that app the default for this given event . solutions as said , usually there should be a checkbox -- which in your case does not seem to be the case . so it seems there is no possibility to define a default action for this event , whatever the reason . you could try apps from the playstore which do handle default apps ( e . g . default app manager ) -- but most likely this will not work either . a second point to look would be in settings &rarr ; apps &rarr ; manage apps , pick the app of your choice , and see if it has the corresponding checkbox not grayed out -- if so , simply check it . most likely , this will be grayed out , so you cannot do anything here either . next step would require root -- so if your device is not rooted , it is purely informational to you . as described above in " background " , all related apps have a listener registered with the system . so we should be able to un-register it . this can be done e.g. with autorun manager pro ( yes , it will need the pro version -- as with the free you only can change 2 entries ) . as the screenshot shows , this app can enable/disable listeners , so you can avoid having apps started automatically in situations you rather do not want them . which would apply to yours : find the corresponding listener , disable it , fine . without root , the only remaining possibility is to get rid of all but one of the apps . you could uninstall the others , or , if you had rather keep them ( and you are running android 4.0 or higher ) , rather simply disable them in settings &rarr ; apps &rarr ; manage apps , so when needed , you can simply re-activate them at the very same place .
it depends on several things as matthew read mentions , the hardware , your location , and the other fiddly bits about actual communication are important to the discussion . but , you also need to consider what you are doing with the phone . are you retrieving largish amounts of data often ? if so , wifi may be less drain on the battery by letting you finish sooner - remember the screen drains power while you are waiting for 3g to finish what wifi may have finished much sooner . ( but that depends on what brightness level you have your phone set to . ) in short , set your phone up the way you like to use it , in the place you like to use it . then run the best test you can to see which uses more battery . keep everything as much the same during the tests as possible . ( know exactly which apps are running , plan what data to use , and time how long you use the data after it is retrieved . )
take a look at the choosing your google number page in their help section . specifically , have a look at the " learn more about the difference between the two options " expandable link . the gist is that unless you have sprint , choosing to use your mobile number will simply allow you to port your mobile number and turn it into your gvoice number or continue using gvoice lite . this means you lose your mobile number for your cell plan , which is probably not what you want in most cases . if you have sprint then you can choose to have your gvoice number be a copy of your actual mobile number , allowing gvoice communication to essentially appear as though it originated from your mobile phone ( among other things , explained more at about google voice on sprint ) .
is colorised what you are looking for ? this is a demo , but there is also coloroid and color flood if you are still looking : )
the problem that i have faced was caused by trying to install update of android 4.4.2 for my galaxy s3 while the update requires the previous version which is mk3 ( android 4.3 ) . as i mentioned in the question , i have formatted and deleted the whole system that is why status 7 error showed up because "system/build.prop" was already deleted . the only possible solution i made was downloading and flashing the stock rom from the official site using od3n software .
long tapping on a playlist brings an option to delete . looks like you do not want to use it because you have gazillions of playlists . so , do this : simply , clear data of winamp from Settings ~> Applications ~> Manage Applications . it'll make your winamp install fresh like when it was installed . the only thumbs down thing is that settings of winamp will be reset to default and you will need to re-configure them , but its not a big thing . update : after some brainstorming , i found that winamp stores playlists in a database externally . on my smartphone its : /data/data/com.android.providers.media/databases/external-xxxxxxx.db where xxxxxxx are numbers which are different on two devices i checked . use root explorer to delete this database after mounting /data partition with r/w access ( root access is required ) .
presumably , the device is using wifi to access the internet - it might be worth a shot to try this : settings > wifi hit on menu to bring up advanced tap on that menu option keep wifi on during sleep , check that , make sure its set to never in that way when the device goes to sleep , wifi is still active and running and the web app should still work and when a new job arrives we are notified with an audible alert edit the above answer is not the correct answer , rather from the comments below , this is definitely the one , in which i quote , . maybe , the approach to managing the jobs is done the wrong way , especially in context of android - a custom app that has a service using a partial wake-lock to " ping " checking on jobs , send an event to the app and the app wakes up . imho , a browser is not the right tool for the requirements in your case . in short , there is nothing that can be done to keep the web-browser " alive " while the device is sleeping , as android , behind the scenes , when the kernel is not in sleep state , is tracking what apps are running , and depending on power and memory constraints , especially in the case of a web-browser page , ( if it has a lot of styles , the more elaborate the page , the more resources hogged up as a result , especially if it has a lot of javascript behind the page ) this could be the job for the kernel to shoot it down and eject it from memory hence not reliable route to take . tl ; dr : a proper application instead of just web-browser will resolve the op 's problem . off-topic : there was a piece covered by the technology section under the bbc news in respect to mobile web browsing and how it can affect the battery due to the way web pages are designed , rather , they were designed incorrectly for the mobile platform , too much styles , too much scripting , not to mention flash as well , they all had adverse affect on how android displays/renders the page which in turn meant a lot of cpu cycles consumed to do just that .
use android-vnc-viewer to mirror the desktop pc screen , and control the desktop i had another question on android[dot]stackexchange.com: ( in using a vnc to control a computer , is it possible to have the cursor go to where you touch ? - android [ dot ] stackexchange [ dot ] com/questions/34668/in-using-a-vnc-to-control-a-computer-is-it-possible-to-have-the-cursor-go-to-wh ) in the question , i included a video : remote control of ubuntu with android-vnc-viewer - www.youtube.com/watch?v=stkx6qmbgck#t=0m30s android-vnc-viewer “see and control your computer 's desktop from your phone , from anywhere . androidvnc is the open source ( gpl ) remote desktop program for android devices . connects to most vnc servers : incl tightvnc , realvnc on win and linux , x11vnc , and apple remote desktop on os/x . ” . in the video , i do not know the input mode that is being demonstrated at 0:30 , but it looks like the mouse cursor goes to where he touches . http://code.google.com/p/android-vnc-viewer/ i am guessing that the input mode in the video was either : touch mouse pan and zoom this is the default input mode and is designed to work like the android browser . you can both pan the display and control the mouse using the touchscreen and gestures . you pan by dragging or flicking on the touchscreen ; you click the mouse by tapping on it . you right-click by double-tapping ( or by holding down the camera button while tapping ) . you drag the mouse by doing a long press on the display , and then dragging . in this mode the trackball or dpad ( if your phone has one ) can also be used to control the mouse ; this may give you finer control . you can zoom the screen size with the +/- buttons , or , if your device supports multi-touch and has android 2.0+ , you can pinch to zoom out and spread to zoom in . or : mouse control mode in this mode , use the touchscreen to control the mouse . touching the screen generates a mouse click at that point ; dragging on the screen creates a mouse drag . keyboard events are sent as normal . the trackball is used to send arrow-key events to the vnc server . pressing the trackball toggles between mouse pointer control and desktop panning modes . port forwarding if the pc you are connecting to accesses the internet through a router , this will be the wan address assigned to the router by your isp ; you will also need to forward the vnc port ( 5900 ) from the router to your pc ( exactly how you do this depends on the details of your router , so i can not give more explicit instructions here ) . hacker 's keyboard - use a full soft keyboard on android from what i have read , the stock android keyboard does not have buttons such as ctrl , alt , esc , arrow keys , home , end , and delete . you can use the free , open source , app call hacker 's keyboard to gain access to the buttons of a full keyboard : “are you missing the key layout you are used to from your computer ? this keyboard has separate number keys , punctuation in the usual places , and arrow keys . it is based on the aosp gingerbread soft keyboard , so it supports multitouch for the modifier keys . this keyboard is especially useful if you use connectbot for ssh access . it provides working tab/ctrl/esc keys , and the arrow keys are essential for devices such as the xoom tablet or nexus s that do not have a trackball or d-pad . ” http://code[dot]google[dot]com/p/hackerskeyboard/ a patch that allows android-vnc-viewer to recognize all the keys of hacker 's keyboard in “frequently asked questions” of hacker 's keyboard , there is a section called “android vnc viewer does not recognize the extra keys” . it directs you to an issue called “issue 238: support additional keys , fix modifier handling” ( code [ dot ] google [ dot ] com/p/android-vnc-viewer/issues/detail ? id=238 ) . the patch there will make it so that android vnc viewer recognizes buttons of a full keyboard . update : bvnc bvnc is a secure , open source vnc client . tested with hackerskeyboard . using it is recommended ( get hackers keyboard from google play ) . play [ dot ] google [ dot ] com/store/apps/details ? id=com . iiordanov . freebvnc and hl=en github [ dot ] com/iiordanov/bvnc update 2: jump desktop vnc i currently and personally use jump desktop vnc because the “bring-out-the-keyboard” is close , and easily reachable . with bvnc , i have to tap near the middle of the screen , and then i press a keyboard button on the right to bring out the keyboard . jump desktop vnc also lets you use a google account , so you don’t have to deal with addresses .
verified that this bug does indeed exist on the razr maxx hd ( running 4.1.1 )
it primarily means that the boot loader is unlocked so it is much easier to upload rom 's for testing . additionally the default installation will be the original aosp version of the code and include root access to the phone 's software . it does not mean that the hardware is a " test " model . it is a fully developed phone . what it does not have is more important than what it does have . what it does not have is the additional locks and proprietary junk that a carrier modified phone normally has .
you can use an alternate dialing app like dialer one or gocontacts . what you are looking for is a t9 dialer .
it is not a built-in feature on nexus devices , but samsung devices have this in the accessibility settings . inverting all colours is not much use , as some apps have light text on a dark background , and some apps have dark text on a light background . making text easier to read is better achieved by increasing the text size , which is an option on all android devices ( also in the accessibility settings ) .
the best solution if you are willing to write code is sl4a . this will give you the most flexibility . you could use the python module with a lightweight web framework ( like : bottle . py ) or your favorite scripting language . as a side note , get requests should not change state . also make sure you implement some sort of security as this would make it possible for anyone to control your phone remotely .
apparently , in the sdk the 7" form factor has the phone layout and tablet apps . the 10" form factor will still be tablet layout and tablet apps . i also heard that in 4.1 they expanded the functionality of the notification area so that notifications can do more ( e . g . reply to sms from notification area ) . i do not know how true that is though .
the verizon network uses a technology called cdma2000 , or cdma for short . there are different types of cdma2000 connections . the first is 1x , or 1xrtt , which has a potential throughput of 153kbps , but will likely be lower depending on signal strength . when '1x ' is displayed in the status bar , this is the connection type your device has . cdma2000 1xev-do , or ev-do for short , uses multiplexing to increase throughput . the rev . a version of the ev-do standard has a potential throughput of around 3.1mbps . this is the connection type when 3g is displayed in the status bar . verizon is in the process of rolling out a technology called lte which the carrier will market as their 4g service . this new technology will allow much higher throughput ( estimated 12mbps at launch with the specification capable of delivering rates as high as 50-100mbps ) .
currently this functionality does not seem to be possible using voice search . there is a free app in the market called navigationpro which is a little funky to figure out at first . it allows you to save locations and name them in the app . you can then enable the feature in the preferences for the app so that whenever you run the app it automatically prompts you for a name you can speak . once it recognizes the name it automatically goes to google maps and starts navigation for the address .
this is one of the reasons mtp was introduced for : independency of the file system format used " behind it " . you can compare it to using " standard sql " to retrieve data from a database via an odbc driver : your application does not need to know whether there is a mysql , oracle , postgresql , or whatever database behind it . as long as it sticks to standard sql commands , it simply works . similar issue with mtp . other than with using ums , your computer does not access the file-system directly , but uses a kind of " command layer " . on the android device , mtp then plays the role of our above odbc driver , translating everything to the underlying file system . so as long as your computer knows how to deal with mtp , you do not have to even think about what file system is used . it should simply work . but on the other hand , mtp has proven tricky sometimes : it requires extra drivers on windows , and does not work out of the box on macos or linux systems ( also extra installs and adjustments required here ) . so there are alternatives you might wish to take a look at for file transfer , such as using apps like airdroid , ftpserver , davdrive , or similar .
in short : yes , you can use your nexus7 charger to charge your android phone . if the connectors are compatible , it will work without problems . i always use a single 2a usb charger for every phone , tablet and ereader that i have at home , and also for the raspberry pi .
that is decided by google , more precisely by the google play team . google today announced editor 's choice for android market , aimed to help you find the best applications on the android market . google 's also going to begin awarding the " top developer badge " to help show users who are the best , and most trustworthy apps . for consumers , it is a way to help find new apps . for developers , it is another way of promotion and to monetize .
the missing piece of information is that play music ( and most other music apps ) do not go round looking for music files . it would be a waste of battery if every app had to scan the storage for files ! instead , there is one built-in app , the media-scanner , that looks for music files and makes a database of their metadata : that is , the app reads the id3 tags from each file and stores the track name , artist , album and so on . any app on the device can access this database to find music files . ( it works the same way for videos and pictures . ) the app has to know to update this database , so when an app downloads new files , it has to tell this media scanner the new files are there . obviously btsync is not doing this . on older android versions it used to be possible for an app to just tell the media scanner to scan everything . this was a useful workaround for when apps like btsync did not do their duty , but it also meant some lazy app authors did this instead of telling the media scanner what files to scan , wasting the battery . for this reason , it is not possible to do this on android 4.4 . in the first instance , you should ask btsync 's author to tell the media scanner when it downloads a file . then there will not be any problem at all . until they fix their app , you should try one of the workarounds in this question .
there is an app called sms timestamper that appends the received time to incoming text messages . worth mentioning for those not comfortable with fiddling with the os 's internals , or those unsure if it would work on their version of the firmware . i am on jpo so i did not want to chance it .
first , i would start by ensuring that the apn settings are correct . a different sim card from another carrier could have overwritten them . you can access these by going to Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Wireless &amp; networks -&gt; Mobile networks -&gt; Access Point Names and then tapping on the selected one to edit it . the correct settings are sometimes listed on your carrier 's website . at worst you may need to call their support line . while you are there , make sure under " network operators " option your provider is selected . after making the changes toggle the airplane mode on and off to re-connect to the mobile network . try dialing the following number in the dialer app : *#*#2432546#*#* ( spells out " checkin " between the stars and pounds ) and see what it comes back with .
have you tried this guide from rootgalaxynote ? this answer is pending an edit . site is currently blocked at my location .
if the displayed detailed would be complete , you had be correct : 1.28g + 7.28g + 200k + 282m + 762m = 9.6 gb total space -- while the summary says 13.24g . explanation is easy : the details list is not complete . it e.g. misses cache , temporary files , log files , tombstones , and probably some more . where to find those ? in the file system , and for completeness this requires root . for some more details , please take a look at corresponding questions by following the tags internal-memory and storage . a good source to start with is the question something is secretly eating up my tablet memory and i need help finding it .
from your contact list , select the facebook contact that you would like to edit . click the menu button and choose edit contact . you will see an indication that the user is a facebook contact and may not be edited . now click the menu button again and choose new contact . this will create a new contact in your address book and merge the facebook profile information with that contact . you may now edit the contact to have additional details , such as a phone number .
depending on the set up of your profile use the following : in the task step add the if statement : %CNUM ~ 9*/8* this means that the step will be executed only for number starting with 9 or 8 . alternatively , set up the whole profile to only activate if the caller 's number starts with 8 or 9 . in event ( like incoming call ) settings : caller ( normally says optional ) specify 9*/8* this means the profile will be only activated if the number starts with 9 or 8 . hopefully , this will work for you . for more info see : http://tasker.dinglisch.net/userguide/en/matching.html
i just downloaded caldav-sync beta and it took some fooling around , but seems to be working now .
the reason for the bluetooth icon being disabled is that you have not paired the phone with a device that supports the headset profile . bluetooth uses profiles to categorize which services a device supports , and macs do not support acting as a headset , only connecting to a headset ( see list of supported profiles ) . to use this functionality , you had need additional software which enables the mac to act as a headset and connect to a headset gateway ( which your phone most likely supports ) .
the issue is not with your device but with the wireless provider . that is the typical behavior when connecting to a defective hotspot , either over capacity or just a tad too far for a reliable connection . . . sadly there is nothing you can do about it . it happens a lot to bt hotspots in the uk , in london most of them are overloaded during working hours .
turns out i was right to suspect that this has been done before . the fix i was looking for was super one click . it has a fix to allow non market apps . i think what it does is to change the config file that the settings dialog ( "allow non market apps" ) normally sets . my guess its that at and t just took out the ui for the option . anyway , works perfectly and i strongly recommend it for anybody stuck under at and t 's thumb !
if you are running a stock rom , i suggest you root the phone ( the warranty 's way gone ) and upgrade it to cyanogenmod 4 ( android 1.6 ) or cyanogenmod 6 ( android 2.2 ) . battery life is very good on 4 ; 6 is more recent version of android -- however there are some additional hoops to jump through to get it installed . the first step in most dream rooting instructions is to downgrade it to a vulnerable version , so you will lose data stored on the phone . you might have luck with one of the " one-click root " programs but if you can not kill the " power options " dialog every few seconds , you may just need to flash it with the rc29 dreaimg . nbh .
you google apps will work exactly the same as before ; either they will be prepackaged with cm or you will download an update pack that will install them for you . battery/radio/gps issues are mostly related to specific hardware . you had have to check the cm forums and wiki for your phone model to answer that one . compatibility is an issue for some apps , but in the vast majority of cases the answer to this will be no ( and in fact , some apps are compatible with cm but not with stock roms ) . you can most definitely still use the phone to develop apps : ) the nice thing with flashing a new rom is that you can go back to the stock experience anytime you like , either by making a backup or downloading the stock rom and keeping it around to flash later if you want it . so you are not really risking anything except some time invested in fiddling the roms .
without root you only have the control the app developers give you : if an app allows you to configure this behaviour , you can do so -- otherwise you can not . if your device were rooted , on the other hand , you'ld have several possibilities : use droidwall to define which apps may use 3g , which wifi , which both , and which none ( 1st pic below ) use lbe privacy guard to do the same , and more ( 2nd pic ) use autorun manager to disable certain listeners of apps , so they no longer get informed about network changes ( 3rd pic ; experienced users only ! ) this is just a selection , and thus the list is very incomplete . as you already wrote your device is not rooted , it does not make sense to put all those details here ; it is just to give you an idea what would be possible with root , not to elaborate all options ; )
if you do not want to root your phone or flash a custom rom , the only solution is boldbeast call recorder for android . just install the app and go . no need to root . no need to " set speaker on " during call recording . both sides sound in the recorded call are clear and loud . the developer said " optimized for galaxy phones " . take a look at what their users said ; they all said " great " .
different wallpapers drain the battery differently . it really depends on how many different factors the wallpaper is paying attention to . is it just being pretty or is it altering itself based on every movement of your phone ? the best way to find out is to simply test it yourself . spend one charge of your phone running a live wallpaper . when you get near the end of the battery charge , open up your phone 's settings . go to " about phone " -> " battery " -> " battery use " . this screen will show you all services that have used up more than 2% of your battery 's charge . your first reaction will probably be that it is taking up a lot when you see " display " draining the most but that is not taking into account wallpaper . the live wallpaper , if it has used more than 2% ( some do not ) , will show up as it is own service . they will pull more than a normal wallpaper ( that is a given ) but some will not effect it the battery charge nearly as much as say your widgets or the brightness of the display . turn down the brightness and you could probably offset the difference in battery charge of running a live wallpaper .
there is a known hardware issue with the htc g2 . mine used to be hung at a black screen randomly when i tried to turn the screen on and unlock it . if your warranty has not already expired , start the process to get a replacement . the replacement i got has not experienced any of those issues .
if it is not rooted and not running a custom rom , a factory reset will reset everything back to stock and wipe the internal sd card . if you also wipe the external sd card , you will have a clean slate . checkout chapter update and reset , section resetting htc evo 3d , ( page 209 ) of the manual : http://www.htc.com/managed-assets/support/user-guide/user-manual/htc-evo-3d/110803_shooteru_htc_wwe_um.pdf quoting the manual : resetting htc evo 3d do a factory reset to return htc evo 3d to its original state before the first time you turned it on . if you’re passing htc evo 3d on to someone else or htc evo 3d has a persistent problem that cannot be solved , you can perform a factory reset ( also called a hard reset ) . factory reset is not a step to be taken lightly . it’ll permanently delete all your data and customized settings , and will remove any applications you’ve downloaded and installed . be sure to back up any data and files you want to keep before you do a factory reset .
if you are talking about when your phone uploads to google+ automatically using the built-in instant upload , then you can just switch that off in the google+ notifications . in fact i think that you must have switched that on at some point because i am sure it was off by default for me . open the google+ app , press menu , select settings , press notification settings , and then scroll down to the photos category and take the tick out of " photos added from instant upload " . you will still get the red notification box at the top inside the google+ app , but will not get notified in the standard android notifications bar any more . the other notification settings are there too , if you want to tune any of the others .
please read the main how do i root my android device from this site . this is a blog on rooting the device and installing gapps on the device ( if necessary ) . this is the xda thread on the root apk this should be a one click rooting process . this is a recovery / rom for the device as always the disclaimer to this applies : rooting your phone may void your carrier and manufacturer warranty . you accept all responsibility if you brick your device . if you are ever in doubt stop ! this is not something to take lightly . read this also as it relates to the risk of rooting a device . and once more i have to emphasise : always backup everything , all the time . then back it up again .
it was added in a recent update as a pro-only feature . Edit schedule -&gt; when finished -&gt; Sync to Dropbox 
i would try ( volume down + power button ) . you need to press them at the exact same time , otherwise it will not work . also make sure you hold it down for a few seconds .
the privacy guard is not available on stable builds , only on nightlies . source : privacy guard probably will not make it to the stable build until the next major release ( 10.2 ) .
from your situation , the most likely cause is that the message centre is not set correctly . first , find out the correct setting from your carrier : it is probably on their website , or you can phone their support line and ask . once you know the correct setting , find the message centre option in the settings for the stock sms app , and set it correctly .
you can open a telnet connection to the avd : telnet localhost 5554  then once connected : power capacity 100  or power status full  source : android developers : using the emulator
i have nexus 7 with stock jelly bean 4.2 . wallpapers are stored in /system/app/launcher2 . apk/res/drawable-sw600dp-nodpi as wallpaper_01.jpg to wallpaper_14.jpg but your picture is not here . i checked wallpapers in version 4.1.1 online here : https://bitbucket.org/neuralassembly/jcrom_packages_apps_launcher2/src/bd231599ae9f/res/drawable-sw600dp-nodpi and your picture is not here too . what android version do you have ?
google now is guessing , based on where and when you spend your time . if it is wrong , simply edit it . once manually set it will not guess anymore .
is that for the cm9 rc1 that was released yesterday ? :d there is two things you need to do : remove the simlock first ! ( flashing a rom with simlock on could spell disaster ) unlock the bootloader to enable you to run custom roms . as for the way things are , there is no true cwm recovery for the sony due to the inherent nature of how sony does it ( its different ! ) - when you unlock the bootloader , you are also unlocking recovery but , the boot and recovery are residing on the one partition so do not try flash cwm into it otherwise bam , goodbye ! there is an app on the market , for a cwm which is not a real cwm ( it dumps its binaries into the /system directory ) which by the way , must remind you need root for this ! you will need se1tool ( iirc ) to flash the latest rom , you could also check out the freexperia project for information on this , freexperia is by jerpelea , which is now what you are seeing , as cm9 .
depending on the device ( and root method ) , the su binary ( which gives your device root ) is usually located in /system/xbin/ or /system/bin/ directory , while the Superuser.apk ( which acts as a gate keeper , presenting you with a dialog when apps request root permissions ) is always in /system/app/ . the /system partition does not get cleared by the factory reset process , so it is safe to perform while still retaining root .
no , there is not . the official product website does not offer this as a feature , and i have tested with its little brother , the moga pro . incidentally , i have never noticed any lag or unresponsiveness when using a moga pro with a nexus 10 on 4.2 or 4.4.2 . perhaps your lag can be blamed on a specific app you are running ?
no , you do not have to reload or delete anything . however do make sure you take a nandroid backup before you install one of those kernels . you can potentially get into a reboot-loop that can only be broken by flashing another ( lower mhz ) kernel or restoring to a previous nandroid backup . i went from stock kernel to now running the ultra low voltage 800mhz chevyno1 kernel . i could not get it go any faster with ultra low voltage without a reboot-loop . basically you will start with the lowest processor speed kernel at a certain voltage and work your way up . so try ulv 800mhz , if it runs stable at 800mhz , try the 1ghz , then the 1.1ghz , etc . if you are wanting to conserve battery , then try the ulv kernel . if you are wanting processor speed , the lv kernel should be just fine . your mileage will vary because no two droid processors are made exactly a like ( because these kernels are going outside of the processor 's design specifications ) .
i have not actually researched this answer , so take it with a grain of salt . basing it off of other development work i have done with mp3s in the past . i do not think there would be any reason that android would limit an application from reading the embedded lyrics ( or , rather lyrics from the id3 tag ) . because the tag supports this , really all you would need is a java library that you can bring into your android app that will read the lyrics . with that said , the lyrics tag tends to be a little more in the " advanced support " for many applications . everybody reads the title and artist tags . most people will even display the album art ( which is also part of the id3 ) . i have not researched any recent libraries , but if you are curious about the id3 tag in general , read this id3 easy article . so , the short answer is : no , nothing is stopping anybody from supporting it other than library support . either a library does not exist , or nobody cares to utilize that feature within an android media player . hope that helps !
everything seems to be working fine now . even before the upgrade , it worked intermittently . but since the upgrade , it seems to be solid . running version 2.3.2 .
from command prompt you can enter the following command adb kill-server  and then try ejecting .
unfortunately currently there is no way to make a pure voip outbound call via google voice on android . previously , you could initiate a free call from gmail on your pc , then press the * key on the keypad which would transfer the call to all other numbers connected to your gv account , and then you had pick up the " call " on your cell phone and continue the conversation on your mobile which was still voip . once google wised up to this feature being used too widely , they changed this functionality to only allow this transfer for incoming calls only .
some file systems are pretty robust , if you used ext3/4 and yaffs2 , the chance of getting caught in situation where the filesystem cannot recover is scarcer than winning a lottery . these file system utilizes logging to revert inconsistencies ; at every startup , android will check the filesystem 's log , if the log is not empty that means the file system is not unmounted cleanly and it will automatically perform a quick recovery ( you usually will not notice anything , just a 3-5 seconds longer startup ) . there is small chance that the last data that have not been " committed " may be lost , but it is -- for all practical purpose -- impossible to lose the whole file system . unfortunately , some filesystems commonly used in certain android devices are not so robust , many manufacturers partition their sd cards as fat , and with fat every time your device crashes , you are playing a game of russian roulette . samsung phones had a proprietary variant of fat , which they called rfs ( robust file system ) , they claim rfs is compatible with fat but is robust in the event of crash ; so far , i had not observed any data corruption on my samsung phone , though it is still better to be wary since samsung is bad at writing software .
from the homescreen hit the menu button and select Settings . then select Applications , and then Manage applications . find the app you want to uninstall and select it , then clear the data associated with it by tapping Clear data and then tap Uninstall . voila ! edit : i actually just noticed this in amazon 's official help documentation for their appstore ( from june 14th , 2011 ) : . . . amazon tested to ensure the highest quality apps in our catalog , we take all submissions through a series of tests . in this process we screen the apps for known viruses and malware , test the app to check that it actually does what it claims to do , and test whether the app affects the stability of the other functions of your phone . these tests include ( but are not limited to ) : installation : the application installs and opens , upgrades can be installed and the application can be uninstalled by following the phone 's regular uninstall method . . . . ( italics added by me . ) clearly they intentionally left out an amazon appstore-native method of removing apps you have downloaded and installed from them .
try wifi file explorer ( also available in pro version with more features ) . it reads your sd card just like astro does , allows you to view it from a computer browser , and does not require root . you may be able to view your files from here , and if so , you can download them via wifi network . let us know if it works ! : )
i guess these issues are solved as i have never encountered such on my desire hd .
same issue on an htc desire ( android 2.3.3 ) i had a crazy scrolling when tapping a text input field ( the field get the focus but was scrolled out of the screen ) and even worst : when entering values from the native keypad , each keytap was creating an arbitrary scroll . . after seeing this article i looked for some specific -webkit-transform tags and after removing them the issue is gone ! the lines were not even used , it was leftovers from previous attempts staying aside in a css file ! ! !
lifehacker suggests an app called ssh tunnel : ssh tunnel is an app that allows an android phone to connect to the internet using an ssh tunnel for a completely secure connection . it is great for those times when you have got no data signal , stuck at work or a coffee shop that only has public wi-fi available , and you need to be sure that nobody is snooping your sensitive personal information as you connect to sites .
set yor language by clicking on ' einstellungen ' or navigate directly to the english localized version : http://www.google.com/preferences?hl=en to set it there ( you can switch the ' hl=en ' for english to hl=hu for hungarian or any other you want in the link ) . setting your start page is not what you want : this will not affect searches from the widget or from the omnibox ( the auto completion , aka instant search ) . edit : seems like the keyboard language sets the default . . . switched from en to german and back .
if your device is rooted/unlocked , and you already use a custom recovery ( like clockworkmod or twrp ) , there is no need to downgrade first . flashing the custom-rom will either replace the complete system , regardless of the installed version : usually , the images contain complete " disk images " for all relevant partitions . if , on the other hand , your device is not rooted , and there does not exist any rooting solution for the currently installed android version , but only for ics : then yes , you might need to downgrade so you can gain root access to your device , and flash a custom recovery . on some devices it might be sufficient to simply unlock the bootloader in order to install a custom recovery or flash a custom rom . if that applies to your device , i must leave for someone else to answer .
no . there is no auto off-road mode in opera . my suggestion is that you keep both opera for android and opera mini on your device . when you are on mobile data , use opera mini . else , use opera for android with off-road mode off .
i will answer my own question in the hope in helps others : i just had to reboot my device , and now when i start kindle the mobi files which i had copied to the kindle folder are present in the main screen . so obviously the kindle application must be restarted when you add ebooks to its folder ( without downloading them via the kindle store ) . update added the kindle folder : /sdcard/kindle  force closing and/or clearing the data , does not bring up an epub file i just copied to the folder . will let you know after some more testing . update 2 for those interested : the calibre software , can convert any e-book between numerous formats ( including epb and mobi ) . so , if the epub format is not recognized , just convert it to mobi and use the converted file .
well , nobody seemed to be able to answer this question , so i went ahead and applied the update . overall , i am glad i did . i have not noticed any significant change in performance . i could take or leave most of the ui changes included in touchwiz , but there are a few things in the new ui that are very nice . one is that toggles for things like bluetooth , wifi , and auto-rotation are now immediately accessible in the notifications pop-up when you touch the notification tray . another nice thing is a dedicated screenshot button that appears next to the regular android buttons in the control bar at the bottom . press it at any time for an instant screenshot . i have not noticed that any features have been disabled . i do not have a 3g-capable tablet , so i do not know if the " portable wi-fi hotspot " functionality would be affected by the update . but everything else i have tried functions as it did before . also , an unexpected bonus to the upgrade is that samsung released a bunch of new apps bundled with the new ui , some of which are very useful . the ebooks app especially is nice for me , it reads epub and pdf files , and it formats epubs better and performs faster than some of the other apps i have tried ( like fbreader ) . there is also an app for making adjustments to photos , and a few others that i have not really used . the new touchwiz ui also includes a handful of mini-apps that can be launched from the android control bar at any time . these apps appear in small windows that float over whatever other apps you are running , and they can be moved around . none of these apps are really awesome , but some are useful . for example , you can bring up a mini-view of your calendar , a small music player , or a note pad you can type into or draw on , without leaving the app you were using before . it is kind of a neat idea , although i am glad this is not a standard android feature or there would be way too many apps written this way , and android would lose a lot of its ease-of-use .
i could have found the solution by myself . not sure because i have not tested it yet . for the backup/restore : titanium backup ( tutorial ) for the downgrade/unroot thing : first i could restore acer 's original recovery via acer recovery installer , then i could downgrade to hc3.0.1 with this i will give it a try it works perfectly ! ! !
first , make sure the apn settings on your phone are correct for your carrier . next , try cleaning the sim card 's and phone 's contacts . you should also try a different sim to rule out a broken card ( also try your current sim in a different phone . ) if the problem persists - then it is most likely a hardware issue with the phone 's sim card connector . you may want to get in touch with samsung to send the phone in for service . the sim card contacts on the phones are notoriously fragile , and can be easily damaged by using an adapter ( micro-to-nano for example ) that is either defective or simply improperly manufactured . if the adapter is not an exact fit , the contacts can get " caught " in the gap and bend or even break off during removal . it is possible this is what happened to the previous owner of your galaxy s4 . this type of damage is usually not covered by manufacturer 's warranty , but it will not hurt to try anyway . worst case - there are sim housing kits available for sale for the galaxy s4 , and ste-by-step replacement instructions on youtube . it is fairly easy to replace this module on your own .
from the email app , press the menu key , then choose settings . pick account settings , then click the account you want to change on the next screen . after that , you have to scroll to the bottom to get more settings , and to the bottom again to change the incoming settings and outgoing settings . samsung appears to have taken lessons from microsoft on hiding important settings behind " advanced " buttons !
after reading the comment , i spotted the error . . . anirudh@kat ~/downloads/mkboot $ . /unpack-bootimg . pl /home/anirudh/downloads/boot . img-tools/source_img/boot . img kernel written to /home/anirudh/downloads/boot . img-tools/source_img/boot . img-kernel . gz ramdisk written to /home/anirudh/downloads/boot . img-tools/source_img/boot . img-ramdisk . cpio . gz gzip : . . //home/anirudh/downloads/boot . img-tools/source_img/boot . img-ramdisk . cpio . gz : no such file or directory cpio : premature end of archive extracted ramdisk contents to directory /home/anirudh/downloads/boot . img-tools/source_img/boot . img-ramdisk/ for the boot.img-ramdisk.cpio.gz - this needs special handling . . . try this : gzip -dc boot.img-ramdisk.cpio.gz | cpio -i  the way to do it is after unpacking the boot.img , create a directory called something like ramdisk , go into that directory and use gzip -dc ../boot.img-ramdisk.cpio.gz | cpio -i , the reason is , to organize the structure and files with minimum clutter . gzip decompresses the ramdisk archive to stdout , pipe it into cpio with the -i switch to read from stdin and it will correctly extract the data . to do the reverse , say after making a change here and there within the ramdisk directory : mkbootfs ramdisk/ | gzip &gt; my_new_ramdisk.gz 
setting the status and navigation bars to have the transparent gradient is handled by applications/launchers themselves in stock 4.4 . some apps and launchers provide a setting to turn the gradients on and off . the aosp launcher always uses opaque bars , google now launcher always uses transparent bars , and certain 3rd party launchers such as nova give you a toggle . regardless of the launcher 's setting , apps can and will override it .
google now has a device manager as part of google services where you can do a remote wipe : https://www.google.com/android/devicemanager at least put a pin lock on your device so that it will be harder to access . do not enable developer options / keep adb on all the time .
there is a modified version of the play store that removes device restrictions . see this xda thread for more info and the download link to your version of android . it also disables self-updating of the play store so your modified version wont be replaced by a newer official one . cheers
there just was a blog on land of droid covering this issue . the author summed up a few conditions under which this " flicker " occurs : back-light is dimmed under 30% a weak wifi signal the device is accessing the net according to that report , these 3 things are " and-connected " ( i.e. . the flicker occurs when all of the 3 conditions are met ) . he is also hoping for a fix to come soon . you might as well want to read the comments there , some seem to indicate possible solutions ( including flashing a new stock rom ) , but so far none of them are yet confirmed .
according to the gingerbread user guide , under settings -> wireless and networks , you should have an nfc option that you can remove the tick from to turn this on or off .
it turned out that the usb pin of the phone had become faulty and needed to be replaced .
the only tethering methods currently supported on blackberry services are via usb and bluetooth , and even then the only supported method relies on the blackberry desktop software . they do not currently support any wifi tethering or wifi hotspot functionality . i am not aware of any third party software for wifi tethering either , unfortunately . now if you had a froyo android phone you had have no problem :- )
there is currently no way to set a system-wide policy for this . some apps do support doing things on wifi only , however . here 's some info on the apps you mentioned : you can go into the browser settings and uncheck load images . gmail does not load images unless you view a message and click a button to display them . i believe the touiteur twitter client allows you to disable images .
you could create a tasker profile that sets the ringer volume when a bluetooth headset is connected . i am not sure how to handle the case when you disconnect the headset , though . you would only want to set the volume back to zero if it was zero when it was connected . edit : tasker gives access to current ringer volume via variable %volr in a profile with condition bluetooth connected : set a variable %savevol to %volr set ringer volume to desired level , if %volr = 0 exit task : set ringer volume to 0 , if % savevol = 0
it seems that the messaging app has its own contacts app , with no way to configure it . how about using 3rd party alternatives ? i use go sms pro as replacement for the messaging app , and go contacts ex as replacement for the contacts app . with this combination , you can hide the sim contacts .
there is always the possibility of a vulnerability in some app that could cause your computer/phone to be hacked . browsers are notorious for having bugs that allow the computer to be infected with a virus simply by viewing a page . in fact , one method to jailbreak an early apple ios device was to simply browse to a page that delivered a payload via a bug in pdf ( source ) . android mitigates this by having apps run in their own sandbox . thus , an app that is compromised can only ( theoretically ) compromise its sandbox , which includes any permissions it originally was granted . if compromised , it could not send an sms unless it had that permission originally , nor could it modify other programs ' data . but even sandboxing is not foolproof . if your phone is plugged in to a computer , it can be ' hacked ' . this is proven by most rooting methods that use a bug to get root . programmers could just as easily create a virus for computers that detects android phones and installs a malicious app silently , or even roots them and takes over the phone completely . this talk has some great details on app permissions . it is not necessarily hacking , but it does show how an app with very few , seemingly innocuous , permissions can actually track and do a lot without you knowing . in the end , your android device is a computer , with all the same inherent flaws that come with it . so like a desktop , if you are careful about where you browse and what you install , you will likely be fine .
you can indeed . disclaimer : rooting may brick your device and invalidate your carrier and manufacturer warranty . i did not write the guide below ( full credit is due to the poster on xda developers , and i have left the words ' my ' in place but it is his work ) , and it is your responsibility to check you are happy to proceed . here be dragons . this guide was written in july of 2013 and i can not say for sure if it will work on android 4.3 and your particular bootloader at all . i have not tested this method . rooting form a pc is easier and has less scope for human errors and is liklier to work in general . this xda thread is relating to the sprint version but should apply to the s3 general . prerequisites the following files are attached to this post for convenience . download and install the apps , download and extract the zip file somewhere convenient . superuser by koush ( must be this one . you can change it later if you so desire . ) terminal emulator by jack palevich ( must be this one ) zip file , extracted somewhere convenient the goods these generic names will be used : /path/to/motochopperdir - this is the full path to the extracted motochopper-mobile directory or folder . example : /sdcard/motochopper-mobile ( will vary depending on where you extracted the files ) . note : after running the script , motochopper may or may not print " failed " , but the exploit does indeed work regardless of this . make sure you reboot for changes to take effect . download the attached zip file and both apps . install terminal emulator and superuser ( use a file manager , navigate to the downloaded . apk files and click on each file to install them ) . open up terminal emulator and type the following commands . press the enter key after each command . code : from there , my setup . sh script will handle the rest of the process . if you are still unsure , see my sample run below . sample run ( files were extracted to /sdcard/moto ) the links : android term . apk super user motochopper
unfortunately it is a known bug introduced on nexus 7 with jelly bean 4.2 . in previous version 4.1.2 auto-brightness was criticised as slow in reaction on light changes and now in 4.2 it is just opposite , over-reactive . from one bad to another bad . but i agree with you that even previous not so good behaviour was better than what we have now . someone cure it by sticking small semi transparent tape over light sensor . but it is only temporary and ugly workaround , we can hope for correction in the next version , or downgrade to previous 4.1.2 version .
some phones just can not support call recording because of how the hardware is designed . if you have tried several apps , and none of them work correctly , that is probably the case here .
if you are not sure if you need root , you do not need root . there are any number of alternative launchers you can install that will give your device a custom look-and-feel and add/adjust functionality from vanilla android . heck , there are launchers that can simulate the look-and-feel of iphone and windows phone . have a look on the play store for " launchers " or " home screen replacements " .
i have rooted my sgs with z4root and it was a very smooth process ! i can highly recommend z4root ! and while you are at it , continue with installing one click lag fix to make your sgs lag a lot less ! i did it , and have not looked back since . oclf is made by the same guy who made z4root , but for some weird reason , oclf can , by itself , only root pre-froyo phones . but that is not a big problem , you just need 2 apps instead of one : )
android supports moving apps to the sd card since version 2.2 ( only for apps which allow it ) ; however , this feature can be disabled when building the rom . apparently samsung decided that about 9 gb of user-accessible internal memory should be enough for apps , and disabled the “move to sd” function in their stock roms for the 16 gb galaxy s4 model . however , there are recent news that samsung heard complaints of 16 gb galaxy s4 users and enabled the “move to sd” function in a software update .
the wifi password imho is only setup once , when you configure your device 's hotspot . lateron , you simply activate/deactivate it . to automate the latter , you could e.g. use tasker : profile " autohotspot " : condition : " device boot " task : " wifi tether " &rarr ; set on with this profile activated , your hotspot would be automatically be enabled as soon as the device has completed booting up . for the " bonus point " you mentioned : there is a free 7-day trial available on the tasker homepage . you can download the .apk to your computer , and use adb to install it on your device ( adb pm install ) . . .
just rename the folders with dot in front . eg : newfolder to .newfolder and restart the phone .
there is a checkable/uncheckable option called block offensive words under settings → voice input and output → voice recognizer settings . for samsung phones , the settings are named slightly differently : from the settings app , try language and input → voice search settings → block offensive words . this of course only works with the integrated google voice recognition . for android 4.3 ( and possibly earlier versions ) : settings → language and input → google voice typing ( settings ) → block offensive words
actually , with 2.3.5 . x version of gmail app , google added more notification options , although well hidden within the settings . in the main screen of the gmail app : press the menu key , go to more -> settings . tap on your google account , scroll down to the Notification settings section and ensure the Email notifications option is enabled . on the same screen , tap on the Labels to notify option . here " inbox " and " priority inbox " are always listed , as well as any labels you have created on the gmail 's web interface . for each label that you want to specify or change notification options , tap on the label , and in the pop-up window you will be able to select the following options : email notifications : whether or not to display the icon in the notification area when new e-mail comes in . ringtone : allows you to specify a custom ringtone , or set to " silent " for none . vibrate : specifies options for when/if to also vibrate on new mail . notify once : when checked , will only display notifications ( and sound/vibrate ) once for new mail until you dismiss it , otherwise will notify for each new e-mail . tap OK button , exit out of the settings , and you should be all set .
i finally figured out how to fix this . what i did i did a double factory reset : nothing happened . downgraded to android 4.2.2: nothing happened . downgraded to android 4.1.2: nothing happened . upgraded to android 4.3: nothing happened . factory reset : gallery appeared ! upgraded to android 4.4.2: gallery did not disappear !
a fix i have found and that works is to mount the sd card on a pc , open the * . android_secure* folder and delete a file named smdl2tmp1 . asec . it seems that it is a leftover file from a previous ( failed ? ) installation/update that prevents another update to run correctly .
not really , no . it is generally up to each individual app to control how often it checks for updates and raises notifications . not all apps allow you to control that ( except , of course , for turning off notifications for that app altogether . )
i downloaded a free app called timezone changer to fix this problem . still do not understand why samsung disables this .
put the sim in another htc mobile like wildfire and go to settings &gt; call &gt; cell broadcast &gt; uncheck it and delete any subscribed channels like 50 .
switch the sim , answer no when whatsapp asks you to switch numbers . ref : stackexchange-url if you switch sim after installing whatsapp , you are good to go with the old number . the servers " save " your activation phone number during that initial sms . i tested it on my own phone ( it is a gingerbread p1000n - all hail the venerable p1000 ) with a borrowed sim card , the app just kept sending messages with my old phone number . whatsapp did not ask to switch numbers . there is a " change number " setting . if you reinstall the app while switching sim , then you have to restart and get a new number . about what is usually done when travelling , i can say from the world cup visitors we received , several just bought a new temporary sim card after arriving here in brazil . the local phone companies even set up special and attractive prepaid plans for the football fans . ymmv anyway , and you should check your home carrier overseas fees and the local fares . usually you can get a better deal buying a trowaway sim . here in brazil we even do it when traveling to another state . if you want to keep your number and still enjoy the reduced local mobile internet fees , you can try and get any old android device that can do tethering ( or buy a unlocked mobile hotspot ) , and then insert the other sim into that device , then tether the internet to your main phone using the old phone as a mobile hotspot . just turn off data and use wi-fi . on verizon 's global ( not really global ) plan , i urge you to read what peter shankman wrote of his personal experiences with that . my advice , is : do not . or if you do , monitor closely your fees .
click on the handle ( a solid dot ) on the right side of the red horizontal line above the orange line , and drag it down to 500mb . that adjusts the scale of the graph . look for the lime green arrow at right to see the handle .
for galaxy nexus these are different builds : takju : devices sold through the play store in the us . contains the google wallet aplication . yakju : devices sold through google outside the us . yakjuxw : devices sold by samsung . if you buy yakjuxw i would recommend that you update to yakju with factory images provided by google . this way you will get the updates in time . i was not aware that there are similar builds for the nexus 7 .
how about this ? information from here
llama ( free ! ) can also do this for you , and some say it is better than tasker . with llama , you can configure certain " areas " that trigger " events " when you enter them , or leave them , or are in them . you can also trigger events by time of day , or combine areas and times . a trigger can change the sound profile but also turn other services on or off - for instance , it could turn off wifi while you are neither home nor at work except during weekends .
will that erase anything on the phone rooting itself should not erase anything ( except for , maybe , temporary files created during the process ) . however , on some devices rooting requires to first unlock the bootloader -- and that usually includes a factory-reset ( which means : all data and user-installed apps are gone -- which you can work around on android 4.0+ performing an adb backup \u2013apk \u2013shared \u2013all \u2013f /path/to/backup.ab before performing the unlock , and adb restore /path/to/backup.ab afterwards , as compro01 pointed out in below comment ) . will it change anything other than the ability to run app ( s ) as rooted ? yes . as the necessary binaries ( usually su , SuperUser.apk/SuperSU.apk , and busybox with all its symlinks ) are pushed to the /system partition ( which otherwise is mounted read-only ) , it will change that partition . might sound trivial now , but the thing is : some ota-update s ( and other updates shipping directly from the manufacturer/provider ) first compare the partitions checksum . if that does not match ( and it will not after rooting ) , updates might be refused/failing . on the other hand : if those updates would not fail , you might lose root when they are applied . if they include a full /system image , that is .
you can obtain the apks for flash for all versions of android directly from adobe in their old version archives . http://helpx.adobe.com/flash-player/kb/archived-flash-player-versions.html scroll down a bit and you will find " flash player for android 4.0 archives " and " flash player for android 2 . x and 3 . x archives " . these include the last versions of each released before abode dropped flash for android .
always the way , innit ? 5 minutes after i ask , i stumble across this . it is not super elegant but its success is in its simplicity . simply replace the dedicated /cache partition with a link to the internal sd card , and bob 's your uncle . has to be repeated on reboot , so not perfect , but way better than not installing at all !
summing up the solution from the comments and expanding : this process basically includes two steps : create a backup transfer it to the windows pc wirelessly a further pre-condition for the following is that the device is rooted , which is the case here . create the backup depending on what you need to backup , there are different good solutions available ( you can see the backup tag-wiki for more information ) : with a custom recovery such as clockworkmod , you can create a nandroid backup helium - app sync and backup can be used to create an adb style backup of all your apps including their settings titanium backup does backups of all your apps , data , settings , etc . , and has proven well over all the years all three options store their backups on the sdcard . so if your device features a microsd slot , you could even simply take out the card , and attach it to your pc using a card reader . this generally works without a cable , and such could also count as " wireless " : ) one thing you might need to care for manually are the media files , and other downloaded/manually created stuff . usually , this is stored on the sdcard as well – but that could be the internal one , so in case of the " card-reader option " you might need to copy stuff to the external card manually , which can be done with a good file manager such as es file explorer . transfer via wifi now for the wifi transfer . this can be done with the just mentioned es file explorer , which includes a " samba client " to access windows shares : just share a drive from your computer , and then copy all files over . this also can be done " the other way round " , pulling the files : with e.g. airdroid you can access your device from any web browser . airdroid includes a file manager , and lets you upload and download files . another more elegant variant , especially if you want to automate things , is to use a sync tool . here you might want to take a look at foldersync : as the name suggests , this app lets you synchronizes files and folders . like with es file explorer , you can use samba/cifs here to access a windows share . elegant permanent solution : set up scheduled backups with titanium backup , and set up a matching sync interval for tibu 's backup directory with foldersync . that way you always have an up-to-date backup off-board your device , in case of brick/loss/whatever .
there is no power to the phone when it is off . it is actually off . the android os is designed to use minimal power when not in use . if you have a problem with the battery dying overnight , it is probably due to a third-party app .
i do not know what your app did , but i find it strange that it is no longer booting . i would suggest trying to get your device in to recovery mode . i have never done this on a non-rooted device so i am not 100% sure you can do a factory reset from the " stock recovery " . but i know you can do it on a rooted device . i found these steps , but again , i am not sure if this pertains to only rooted devices . turn your desire off , now hold the volume down and power button in to boot into hboot . now use the volume button to navigate to boot recovery and select it by pressing the trackpad button .
updating is sufficient . i think clear is for cases where you are offline and can not update .
have you tried a file explorer like es file explorer or my files , which comes with later versions of android ? if go to the download folder is the half file present ? a completely downloaded file will present a long list of options if you long press the file , allowing you to cut/copy/rename/delete . possibly it will also appear on a halfway complete download to allow you to delete . then revisit the gmail message to restart the download if you want . remember that the target folder might have been specified other than the download folder . good luck .
i have been using my galaxy nexus with kubuntu 12.04 and 12.10 and have not needed to use a specific eject command . saying that , here are instructions which will let you mount and dismount your galaxy nexus safely . with this method you can safely mount/dismount and you should still be able to use adb to pull and push files to/from your device . ( source ) : connecting your ice cream sandwich phone or tablet to ubuntu for file access before you begin , try plugging your phone in and see if it works straight away . at the time of writing , the only official android ice cream sandwich phone is the galaxy nexus , and mine doesn’t work . but future ics phones might work , depending on whether they have an sd card slot or not , and whether they support exporting the card as usb mass storage . if it works , you should be good to go . first up , install the necessary tools : sudo apt-get install mtp-tools mtpfs  now , connect your galaxy nexus to your computer . on your phone , open up the notification drawer , and click on “usb connection type” . make sure that mtp is selected . then , run these commands : mtp-detect | grep idVendor mtp-detect | grep idProduct  you shall get an output like this : note down the numbers written in front of idvendor and idproduct , you’ll need those later on . now , run this commands : gksu gedit /etc/udev/rules.d/51-android.rules  a gedit window should open up . type this text in it , all in a single line : SUBSYSTEM==\u201dusb\u201d, ATTR{idVendor}==\u201dVENDORID\u201d, ATTR{idProduct}==\u201dPRODUCTID\u201d, MODE=\u201d0666\u2033  replace vendorid with the idvendor you had noted down earlier . similarly , replace productid with the idproduct you had noted down . in my case , they were 04e8 and 685c respectively , but they might have been different for you . also , remember to re-type the quotes in the line after you’ve copied and pasted it , otherwise udev may output an error . if you’re in doubt , you can copy the same line from this pastebin instead and then replace productid and vendorid as needed . save and close the file . then , disconnect your phone and run these commands : sudo service udev restart sudo mkdir /media/GalaxyNexus sudo chmod a+rwx /media/GalaxyNexus sudo adduser YOURUSERNAME fuse  replace yourusername with your ubuntu user name . now , run this command : gksu gedit /etc/fuse.conf  in the gedit window , remove the # at the beginning of the last line ( the one that begins with “#user_allow_other” ) like this : you’re almost done ! now , restart your computer , and then run these three commands : again , do re-type the quotes in each command after you’ve copied , otherwise the command won’t work . connect your phone again , and then make sure your phone is using mtp , then run this command : android-connect  voila ! you can now browse your android phone contents using nautilus . just fire up the file manager , and then in the side bar click galaxynexus to browse your phone contents just like you would do with a usb stick . you can also add , remove and modify files just like a normal file system . you might have noticed that you cannot use the nautilus eject icon to disconnect the phone . instead , to safely remove the phone , just run the command : android-disconnect  from now onward , you just need to run android-connect to mount your phone and then android-disconnect to safely remove your phone . everything else should be handled automatically . i tried many ways of getting the mount and unmount to happen automatically on cable connect , but this was the best solution i could come up with . these two commands won’t require root permissions to run . all users who are members of the fuse user group should be able to run these commands without root access .
a quick google search leads me to believe that the device in question is extremely osbscure . rooting it is probably possible , but almost definitely will not be easy . i was unable to find any methods for rooting it . a custom rom is almost entirely out of the question . i do not think there are any custom roms compatible with the device at all . additionally , i do not think there are any custom recovery options available to you at all . i would say that unless you are very experienced with treading where none have tread before for the device - gaining root manually , hacking , compiling kernels , compiling roms for the device - you are more or less out of luck . anyone feel free to correct me if i am wrong .
the web market and the honeycomb tablet market app now have a whole set of pages listing the " top x apps " for a whole set of definitions of " top " . i can not see any way to get to all of these categories in the current gingerbread phone version of the market app , presumably they have less screen room to show all of these different views . here are some direct links to the web market 's pages , if you are on a tablet most of these should show up as links on the market app 's home page : apps top free apps top paid apps top grossing apps ( see this question regarding confusion over what defines " top grossing" ) top new free apps top new paid apps games top free games top paid games top grossing games top new free games top new paid games apps and games combined editors ' choice trending apps to directly answer your question i would guess that most of the " famous " and " must-have " apps and games would show up in the " trending " and " editors ' choice " areas .
were these pre-installed apps ? you will not get market update notificatins for apps that are pre-installed , you have to go to the market and manually install any newer versions of the app and then you will get future updates via the market . the same thing happened with my droid . i heard about an update for facebook ( which came on my phone ) , but never saw an update in the market until i searched for it and manually installed the app .
( edit ) this answer is only really helpful for unlocked tablets . . look after this paragraph if that is already the case . otherwise read on . " fastboot oem unlock " also does a factory reset , you need to have it unlocked before you need it , alas . this is both good for privacy and bad for recovery from half-bricked devices . . . the factory reset does in fact a secure erase which nullifies all your data . according to android : building for devices : $ fastboot oem unlock the procedure must be confirmed on-screen , and deletes the user data for privacy reasons . it only needs to be run once . ( end edit ) you can boot a temporary custom recovery and create a backup of your device . it should also be possible to wipe it afterwards and recover from your problem without having to send it back at all ( provided it is not a hardware issue ) . steps : install the sdk ( if not already done ) and have working adb + fastboot executables ready download a cwm recovery image from here unlock your nexus 7 's bootloader : fastboot oem unlock here 's how to enter the fastboot mode ( the nexus 7 's codename is grouper ) : press power for a second , and press volume down when the bootloader logo appears boot into a temporary cwm recovery : fastboot boot recovery-clockwork-6.0.1.0-grouper.img create a nandroid/cwm backup from your broken installation ( backup and restore-> backup ) after the backup is complete , try to pull all data from your device : adb shell mount ( should list something like /dev/block/mmcblk0p1 on /sdcard or so ( not really sure however ) adb pull /sdcard backup/ ( replace /sdcard with the above noticed directory , this should extract all your data to backup/ ) check if everything is transmitted correctly ) you can buy titaniumbackup+prokey afterwards ( it allows extracting data from nandroid backups quite easily ) if that fails you can alternatively leech everything manually with adb : i assume you use linux . . final step : if you are really sure that you got all your data back , boot back into the cwm recovery ( see step above ) and issue a wipe data/factory reset command . then reboot and re-setup your tablet ( hopefully you do not have a hardware issue ) . optional step : relock your bootloader via fastboot oem lock
i do not think it is possible to add a shortcut to the " add reminder " card at the moment . i have had a look through the activities as well and none of them appear to do what you want . there is a " set reminder " option in the menu within google now which may help ? click the three dots at the bottom right ( you might need to scroll down ) and you should see the " set reminder " option .
xda has nothing except for some attempts at getting gingerbread on it . i would expect you are out of luck since honeycomb was not open-source , and porting was therefore very difficult . it is possible that someone will mod cm9 ( android 4.0 ) to run on it , so i would wait and see .
are you using screen filtering apps ? because your screenshot looks red-dim . if yes , disable the screen filter app and it will work again . if you are not using any filtering app , try looking for screen-related apps installed on your phone . this kind of problem mostly related to screen-related apps . try disable them one by one in your settings-> apps and find which one is causing the problem .
i know this answer may be of low quality , having no concrete explanation and all ; but sometimes recoveries behave pretty weirdly . once with my old device , i tried to make a nandroid backup , and it completed within a few seconds . seeing that the backup was basically empty , i ran it again , and this time i can not select the nandroid option . you can try what i did - just select the option with your volume keys as though it is there . just guide yourself with the highlight .
a permanently unlocked boot loader ( bl ) on a nexus device is a big security risk . it is only recommended for a pure developer phone . an insecure bl enables all sorts of fastboot commands that can be used for e.g. doing the following : conduct a cold boot attack to recover the key for android 's full disk encryption make a copy of the device e.g. by booting a custom image ( adb boot boot . img ) , then copying partition dumps erase data using fastboot erase flash arbitrary android firmware , recovery images or radio firmware fastboot flash radio|recovery|boot| . . . install a root kit ( boot custom recovery , then modify system files ) steal google/facebook/whatever accounts stored on the phone etc . in case someone has their device encrypted , full access is not immediately possible . however there exists cracking software to brute force the used encryption pin/passphrase . altering the firmware is always possible ( i.e. . an evil maid attack , aka . installing a rootkit/password logger/etc . ) this is the normal process of modding a nexus device : unlock the bootloader ( fastboot oem unlock ) boot/install insecure/open custom recovery install custom firmware to secure your modded device you should do this afterwards : install a safe recovery image again ( custom recoveries like twrp/cwm are unsafe ) use the extracted recovery . img from google 's factory firmware file , available here relock the bootloader ( fastboot oem lock ) this breaks the usual update mechanisms like rommanager . in case you need to upgrade , you can run flash_image recovery recovery . img ( as root on the regular android os , it bypasses the bl lock ) to install a temporary custom recovery again and use this once to upgrade the firmware and then remove the custom recovery again by doing a flash_image recovery stock . img . i know , this is not very user friendly right now , but let 's hope the situation improves at the custom recovery front . some background on what is possible : http://hak5.org/episodes/hak5-1205 and http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=um2_cpuzq0o
i figured it out myself . here 's how i fixed it : as it turns out , the message that says " too many unsent multimedia messages " actually means that there are too many unset multimedia messages ( who would have thought it ! ) . i went into the stock message client ( the one that came with the phone ) , clicked the menu button , and selected the " unsent " menu tab . then i clicked the menu button again , and selected the " delete " tab . then i just deleted all of the unsent messages . now it works fine . not sure why there was a limit on how many unsent messages there could be , and i am still not sure why it worked with the stock client , and handcent , but not go sms , but , now it works !
just to let you know that my issue seems resolved installing the latest gapps package suggested by cyanogenmod wiki : gapps-kk-20140606-signed.zip . i followed these steps : download zip copy to /sdcard/ reboot in recovery install zip reboot device during the first boot the device asked me for a backup account , but in the Settings i had still Backing up to debug-only private cache . then i set the new backup transport with $ adb shell bmgr transport com.google.android.backup/.BackupTransportService  without problems .
you can try forcing your device to ask for a free download slot : settings > apps > all find google service framework in the list , tap on it first tap clear data , then force stop after this procedure the last checked date under settings > about phone > system update should have been reset to 1970 or so . tap the check now button there and see if the update notification pops up now . if this fails even after multiple tries , you can follow a slightly longer procedure described in this post , which involves taking out the sim card . apart from that , you could just wait ( you will definitely get the update with your current config ) or flash it manually .
rooting the atrix 4g does only that - gives you elevated privileges on stock os . in order to be able to install a different recovery image and custom roms , the phone 's bootloader must be unlocked first . this is a fairly complicated process that carries the usual warnings and disclaimers of modifying phone software . it will most definitely void your warranty with at and t ( and possibly with motorola as well , ) so be very certain that your phone is either free of hardware defects , or out of warranty with your carrier before unlocking it . see this thread on xda-developers forum for further details and installation instructions .
if you are willing to use external hardware , one good option is an external hdmi capture card and a usb to hdmi cable . for example a Blackmagic Design : UltraStudio Mini Recorder is only $145 for an hd-sdi and hdmi thunderbolt device , and a micro usb to hdmi cable can go for as little as $10 . this way the recording does not affect the performance of your device or app . more expensive than an app on the device , but much more flexible .
P5110 is the galaxy tab 2 while P7510 is the original . the difference is that the newer ships with ics and has a different soc along with a slightly larger battery , while it is a lightly ticker . the P7510 came out almost a year ago . if you want future software upgrades the P5110 is a safer bet . see that datasheets for more info .
the " dog " you are talking about is atrackdog . : ) it queries your installed apps and compares them to the latest known versions .
you would need a rooted device to do this . first browse the photos you want to download . now open any file explorer app like root explorer . navigate to /data/data/com.instagram.android/cache via root explorer . the files here would be named something like ccf3a266.0 , copy the file you want or entire folder and paste it on your sd card . now open these .0 files in your pc via a image viewer like irfanview . you can sort the files by size to determine large images . the .0 files are cahce files and some of these are essentially JPG image files and quality may depend upon your device i believe because it would download compressed image if the device screen/density is small . ( that is just a theory ) .
two times yes : of course it can be removed , and of course it can be useful . at that place clockworkmod stores the nandroid backups you have created with it , and from that place you can restore them when need for that arrives . in case of an external sdcard , and when space on it is precious to you , you could simply copy its contents to your computer , and then empty the directory . or just keep the latest backup on it . if you need to restore one of the removed backups , it then would be possible to use a card reader , copy them back , and re-insert the card to your device so they can be found .
" boot loader mode " is also known as " fast boot mode " hence you need to use fastboot utility to access the device . this utility is part of android sdk , and can be found in the same location as adb - &lt;SDK install location&gt;\platform-tools\
most phones have separate ap ( application processor ) and bp ( baseband processor aka modem aka radio ) . " rooting " results in gaining control over the ap . the carrier " subsidy " lock is residing in bp . most custom roms just include stock ( i.e. . still locked ) bp image as a binary blob . since the bp code is proprietary and never gets released to public .
the root of the problem is internet sync related . the system is not able to sync internet settings . http://blog.abrah.am/2011/12/sync-is-currently-experiencing-problems.html
the root permission exists inside the recovery , but not in the normal system , you need to root it in there . there is usually , two partitions recovery and system , as the op indicated , was booted into the cwm recovery which resides on recovery hence is rooted , but not the normal android system .
you will not be able to update them , they have been pulled from the market by either the developer or by google . pda net for example was recently pulled by google . you could see if the developers offer an alternative means to download , either from their website or a 3rd party market , like amazon app store . then remove then from your device so they no longer appear in your google market . then reinstall them via the 3rd party market , or by " sideloading " them .
i reconfigured the router to resolve the problem . the settings that work include : g rather than the other options being b and g/n . this looks like the setting for the suffix on 802.11 . wpa-personal aes of course other settings may also work and might be more secure but i did not try them .
aha i have found it : the emails were still in the trash . once i viewed the trash , highlighted them all , and than choose the ' delete permanently ' , than when syncing on the device , the ' deleted ' mails were gone too . gathrawn was so convincing in his reply that they should have been deleted , i investigated some more . . . thanks . i will keep my answer here , since it might help others in the future .
i have had the same problem since upgrading my rom . the solution i am going to present will lead to the loss of unsent emails , so copy them to somewhere . you have to clear the application data . to do that you go to : settings > applications > manage applications look for gmail and clear data it will synchronize again with gmail servers and the problem should be solved . send a test e-mail to yourself .
Settings - Account and Sync - &lt;your exchange account&gt;' - Account settings - (scroll down) Incoming settings' - password field . on my samsung galaxy s - running froyo 2.2.1
apparently i was closing out of the install app too early . when you install swype ( the actual app , not the installer ) , and press done , you must wait about 2 to 4 seconds for a dialog box to appear to " enable swype " . do not press back ( and then try to enable swype via the keyboards in settings ) because it will not work ! swype has to show this dialog box in order to create a license file . more info here .
short answer : no . explanation : this action would involve multiple steps : re-mount /system read-write write the hosts file to /system/etc/hosts re-mount /system read-only each of the step requires root permissions , as the file belongs to system:system and usually is read-only to other " users " .
if you mean that thingy in the notification bar that upon touching let 's you chose your desired mode -- that is still there with launcher pro as it has nothing to do with sense and launcher pro has nothing to do with your notification area ( unless of course you decide to disable it )
no worky . htc is not calling the correct ascii code for the " pipe " symbol . it seems there are two of them in existence . one is a straight vertical bar ( | ) ( supposed to be ascii #124 in base-10 and 7c in hex ) and one has a small gap in the center , it is also called the broken line or the broken bar and was used in the old ibm ebcdic character set . the confusion is that i have seen unix keyboards with the broken line representing the pipe symbol . however , the broken bar is not part of the ascii set and i have no clue what htc used for its ascii representation . on second thought they must be using an iso/iec 8859-1 representation : the vertical bar is 7c ( hex ) and the broken bar is a6 ( hex ) . there you have it . all i can say is that my invisible wireless network has | in it and as long as i hide it , i can not link to it with my incredible . making it visible and joining and then making it invisible again does not work as a trick . annoying !
assuming you have previously installed appbrain and synced your device , you can do the following : from google play market download and install appbrain and fast web installer apps . open the fast web installer and sign in with your google account ( same one you are using on play store ) . open the appbrain app , and sign in with your appbrain account . go to preferences , and then use the " enable fast web install " option . under menu go to " more lists . . . " option , select the previously synced list , tap the " add all apps " button , and tap the back button . tap the " execute " button , and after reviewing the permissions tap the " install " button . this should download and install apps in batch , without having to confirm each one separately . you can also create lists of apps via appbrain 's site , and these lists should show up in the app .
app updates notification can come from the app themselves , but most commonly they come from the play store . play store will notify you for any updates to system apps ( i.e. . apps that originally comes with the phone ) and apps that are installed through the play store ; it will not notify you about updates to side-loaded apps our apps installed by third party market . third party market may also have their own update notification mechanism ; which is completely unrelated to the play store update mechanism . they may or may not provide update to system apps , although most do not . amazon app market for example also provide updates notification . note that update notification on third party market depends on the app developer updating the app on the third party market , some developers might update their app on play but not on third party market or vice versa for various reasons .
i would try the first approach , and have the system pronounce the name . to do so , a simple tts app like auto speak clipboard 2 will do : install it , copy her name to the clipboard , send out all cats and your girl ( to avoid their punishment ) , and have that app speak what it thinks the name should sound like . have some valerian ready in case you freak out ; )
i transferred the cm9 files with dropbox and flashed . the issue did not persist after flashing .
if you have windows pc try this . back up any data in sd card and save it in pc . insert your sd card in any card reader and insert in pc press Windows Key + R and the run dialog should popup . type in diskpart and hit enter . once diskpart comes up , type list disk . ( this will show you all the disks that are attached to the system . you will want to note the number of the one that is your sd card/flash drive . you should be able to distinguish it based on it is small size compared to your hard disks . ) select the sd card by typing select disk number ( eg:select disk 2 ) type list part and it will show you what partitions are already on the disk . next to remove all the partitions from the disk just type clean . afterwards type list part and the console should say that there are now no partitions on the disk . ( if you need more than one partition goto step 8 ) type create partition primary and this will create a new partition that fills the available space on the disk . you can type list part to confirm that the new partition has been created . goto step 11 if you want it a particular size add the size parameter size=20 eg : create partition primary size=100 ( with the size in mbs ) select the new partition select partition 1 ( you can list partition using list partition command ) now format it to fat32 format FS=Fat32 label="SDCARD" repeat 8,9,10 to create more partition ( you can use exfat instead of fat32 if you have more than 4gb sdcard , you can omit the label part if not needed ) thats it now you can close diskpart and eject the sd card and insert in your android
i fixed it : ) in case somebody is in the same situation , here is what i did : i flashed my phone to its original rom using flashtool ( if u dont know how to use it go here ) thats it thanks everyone
as noted in the answers to the questions you linked to it is not possible to just sign out of the gmail application and not other google services . in order to achieve the functionality you want though have you considered using an application lock such as app lock ? with this you can require a pin to open the gmail app . whilst it does not turn off email access it will prevent the whole family from being able to access your mail . n.b. if you have kids using it as well then it might be worth requiring a pin in order to purchase anything on the play store , this might prevent some nasty surprises appearing on your credit card bill . you can see how to do this here .
this is update to my earlier post . everything went as pp01 updated in his/her original post . i changed to handcend sms , but problem was still there , sending messages could take several minutes . also when testing this with friends i noticed that also receiving messages could took 1-3 minutes when there was couple messages coming at the same time . handcend sms freezed several times and i think that was related to the sms system bug . then i updated to 1.72.405.2 , and seems that the problem is fixed . sending messages with the original htc sms application takes max 5-7 seconds and the program is less buggy now . thanks for htc programmers for fixing this issue . scandinavian letter bug i mentioned earlier is still there , but that is minor problem . there exist unofficial fixes for this but i think i wait for the official fix . i notify if the problem with sending messages occurs again .
you need to go into Settings > Security > Device administrators and uncheck the box next to the avg app . you will then be able to uninstall the application normally .
yes , just copy the /system/etc/apns-conf.xml file . you can also use an app like apn backup and restore : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.riteshsahu.apnbackuprestore edit : to backup manually-entered apns ( or ones otherwise not part of your rom , such as ones " imported " when you insert a new sim card ) you also need to back up /data/data/com.android.settings/shared_prefs/com.android.settings_preferences.x\xadml  apn backup and restore does not do this .
it looks like they explicitly support a few hundred ( 650 , as of this reading ) rewards programs . so they do not support just every last bar code you might want to store , unfortunately . that said , they do show a toys r us reward card in their banner graphic so you had think it ought to upload that one . my guess is that you should nudge them about the reward cards you have not been able to scan : http://www.keyringapp.com/
you were assuming state → hardware → media button coming close to your wishes – but no : that event triggers when one of the media buttons is pressed , as the name suggests , not when a video/media is played . when looking for a fitting tasker trigger , the only thing coming close to it is checking the %MTRACK variable , but that only works for some audio players . to extend that , you can use some tasker addons as e.g. wave control or media utilities – but again , according to their descriptions they seem to work for audio only . i am not aware of any possibility to achieve this with tasker ; but feel free to check out my collection of tasker resources , maybe one of the many tutorials mentions anything i overlooked , or one of the addons got updated in this regard .
using proprietary vendor-software such as kies for backups usually jails you into that eco-system . if your galaxy is still available , up , and running , rather use the following steps to transfer your contacts : open the contacts app hit the menu button select " import/export " chose to export your contacts to sdcard ( will store in .vcf format ) now you have got a decent backup which should restore on any android device ( at the same place in contacts ) , and even most other systems , as vcf is a standard format ( vcard ) . alternatively , you can also sync all your contacts with your google account from your old phone . they should automatically sync to all your other android devices using the same account then .
looking at a teardown of the new nexus 7 , it looks to be near the center again ( here you can see in the photo the nfc is under the inductive charging ) . ifixit did a pretty good teardown of it here which may give you more detail .
as far as i know , this is simply a bug in the htc email application . you can try using a different client ( k9 supports signed messages , i believe ) , but beyond that you will have to take it up with htc and hope that they decide to fix it at some point . here 's a related xda thread where someone includes what he says is a response from htc regarding the issue . there is also a thread on the android central forums where someone reports the same bug ( and no solution ) . those threads are a little on the old side , but i do not believe htc has fixed this yet .
as you are rooted , you can use droidwall to control network access on a per app basis . from the market page : front-end application for the iptables linux firewall . allows you to restrict which apps can access the network . this is the perfect solution if you do not have an unlimited data plan , or just wants to see your battery lasting longer .
for android 4.0 settings---> storage---> apps---> contacts storage---> clear data sync the contacts with your gmail account before doing this , remove synchornisation , do the above steps and sync again with you gmail account , will take some time for the names and numbers to come
duckduckgo
the error message in this case is misleading : it is not that greasemonkey is incompatible with that version number , rather that it is incompatible with firefox for android . the extension mechanism in firefox for android is somewhat different to firefox on desktops , so add-ons for desktop firefox will not work ( in general ) on android . to find out if/when android support is planned , or to help out , you could start by contacting the gresemonkey-users mailing list .
you need an ebook reader that reads epub files . aldiko ( http://www.aldiko.com/ ) is a great ebook reader that supports epubs . or , you could rename the extension to zip and extract the file . inside , you will see some folders . within one of the folders are html files that can be viewed in a web browser .
of course a keyboard app can capture your passwords as you type them , along with everything else you type : naughty text messages , credit card numbers , web searches , everything . you could not have a mechanism to stop it , because in a sense , that is what it is for . it can only send this or any other information across the internet if it has the appropriate permission , " full network access . " almost all apps use this permission , though , and a keyboard might want it in order to download new language files , or to show ads if it uses that revenue model . swiftkey , for example , has a " cloud sync " service to let all your devices share the same training data . this can only work by transmitting words you have typed , and statistical data about text you type , across the internet to their servers . android warns you that this is the case every time you enable a third-party keyboard in the language and input settings . nexus devices show a dialog with the message : this input method may be able to collect all the text that you type , including personal data like passwords and credit card numbers . it comes from the app highway . use this input method ? but as i mention in another question , manufacturers can replace the message ( perhaps with one that is not entirely true ) or disable it completely .
once you have created a folder in the apps ( i.e. . i created a " temp" ) and then remove it : 1 . go to the app drawer , apps , and find the panel holding the folder . 2 . menu > edit 3 . press and hold the folder until " remove " appears . 4 . drag to trash can ( remove ) . 5 . save gone .
you can specify and logic in contexts , not just tasks . do not forget that you can have multiple contexts that must all be met ( logical and ) before the task ( s ) run . try adding the context State &gt; Call [Any, Invert = YES] ; this would mean the profile will only activate 1 ) when a text is received and 2 ) no call is active .
do you really want to do that ? that might lead to you no more being able to see your images in the gallery . but if you want to try : open a file manager of your choice and navigate to the DCIM folder delete the .thumbnails directory create a file named .thumbnails open the file 's properties , and set it " read only " now , as there cannot be two objects with the identical name , the gallery cannot re-create the folder . as the existing object is a file , it cannot put its thumbnails in there , either .
warning : i have not tested this procedure . you would need to have fstrim in system/bin . this xda post has a dropbox download link . start up adb and then switch users to root . $ adb shell from your os terminal . $ su to switch to the root user . to copy fstrim to your /system/bin path you first need to mount the system path as read/write from adb or some other file manager # mount -o remount,rw -t yaffs2 /dev/block/mtdblock3 /system to mount /system as r/w then copy fstrim to the system path . # cp &lt;pathtofstrim&gt;/fstrim /system/bin next you need to change permissions of fstrim to include execute . # chmod 766 /system/bin/fstrim to make fstrim executable by root after setting the correct permissions on fstrim you can run these commands from adb ( as root ) : # fstrim -v /data # fstrim -v /cache # fstrim -v /system or , you could go the easy way . install the lagfix app , and trigger fstrim on demand , provided your device has fstrim support !
by request from ' dan hulme ' who replied to my question , i got the message to pop up again and managed to get the app-info . it turns out to be an app connected to the facebook app called ' sns ' . i simply removed the tick from the " show notifications " option . the message no longer pops up . it can otherwise be found on " settings -> more -> application manager " shuffle so you see the " all " list , then scroll down til you find the sns application .
the knox container will be wiped . knox is a sandboxed instance of android with its own separate security policy . exchange 's device administrator has no access to the contents of your phone outside of knox and cannot wipe your personal data .
both solutions mentioned by @izzy and @darknight in comments could work , but i found the easiest way is to replace steps 8,9,10 of the instructions by the following terminal command : sudo apt-get install android-tools-adb android-tools-fastboot  and then continuing as normal ( and of course write fastboot instead of fastboot . exe in steps 15,16 ) . that saves the trouble of manually downloading and installing flashboot and configuring files and so .
i do not think there is a good way to do this - the issue is not that the private number is being hidden by your phone , it is that the phone company is not transmitting the caller id info to you at all . so there should not be any way for you to get that data working strictly from your phone . unless you know people who regularly block caller id data , but do not leave messages , i would just assume it is spam callers and ignore them .
this is nothing new . google docs supported character recognition in both images and pdf files . it is also available in the mobile clients regardless of the os version as this is a server side feature .
there is no such thing as normal usb transfer speed . it depends on several factors including but not limited to : class of the sdcard usb speed ( 1.1 vs 2.0 ) performance and load of the the computer out of these three the one with the most influence is the class of the sdcard . the class describes the minimum write speed of the card in mb/s . for example a class 10 card has a minimum writing speed of 10mb/s . based on this your sdcard is most likely a class 2 . if you can not locate your sdcard class , there is a free tool ( only for windows users ) that gives you the transfer rate of your sdcard : h2testw 1.4 after you have finished verifying your unit you will be able to see the exact time it took for the operation to complete , the number of megabytes tested , and , of course , the writing / reading speed . as a side note : the cache that abdul mentions has nothing to do with this . that is for reading and only applies if the card is mounted in the phone .
ok got it sorted . . . just writing this down incase anyone stumbles across the same issue . . . deleted both accounts and recreated them , now it works : )
the facebook app does not have this feature ( and several other features that are available on the web app ) . however , you can create a new list with a 3rd-party app like fast pro for facebook .
in order to connect to a given 3g/3.5g network , your phone must support the correct band . based on the sparse information i was able to gather , it seems that claro is using bands ii and v ( 1900 and 850 ) it seems that there are at least three different models of the htc desire , of which the htc triumph / desire us a8182 and htc desire telstra a8183 support bands ii and v . the third model , htc desire a8181 supports bands i and viii instead . if your phone has the correct apn , supports the correct bands , and 3g is not disabled it should just work .
seeing a file name like Computer\Nexus 4\Internal storage\Music\Christina St\u7709rmer\Freier Fall\1 Geh nicht wenn du kommst.mp3 points to a special problem with " special characters " ( such as german umlauts ) which got messed up on data transfer : while windoze uses its own character set ( ms-ansi or wone of the win-12xx , depending on configuration ) , android expects utf-8 -- which is why it is a good custom to use only 7-bit ascii characters in file names . due to this mismatch and the " unidentifyable character " , the media scanner most likely has crashed . which resulted in the media database not being populated , from which follows : the players think " no media files there " . proposed actions i would suggest to either temporarily delete or at least rename all affected files , so that no file with " special characters " in its name remains . then have the media scanner run again ( e . g . triggering it with rescan sd ) . once that is finished , i am pretty sure your media player ( s ) will find something to play ( with ) . that being approved , you know what to look for in the future . as said before , i strongly recommend to restict characters in file names to 7-bit ascii -- that avoids a lot of problems , though some names might look a little strange ; )
well , at last i found the answer keeping @t0mm13b as inspiration . the problem is on the messaging app and go sms app . so i had to find out a suitable app for my need . youni sms is one such and it is working so great . it is clearly marking as sim1 or sim2 for every sms received and sent .
check your settings in Settings -&gt; Location and security . if you have a data plan , i would suggest enabling Use wireless networks , Use GPS satellites and Use sensor aiding for the fastest possible location fix . if you do not want gps to use your mobile data , deselect Use wireless networks . also , you could see what goes on with the gps with gps test ( https://market.android.com/details?id=com.chartcross.gpstest ) . does the gps icon start blinking in the notification bar when some program attempts to use the gps ?
ok . i found a even more strange thing . the differences are due to the language . if i set my browser language to portuguese suddently i see all the comments that i saw on the other account ( that i was seeing on an android device set to portuguese ) . this is very strange as all comments are written in portuguese . i have not discovered yet how they associate the language to the comment . . . my guess : comments are only visible on the language that they are added . for example : ( this is a guess ) if i add a comment with my browser in portuguese , only people with browsers/devices in portuguese will see it should not the market show all anyway , with somekind of language filter ( our language vs all ) or use google translate to translate all from the start ? does anyone else has a clue about this ? !
your sd card contains pretty much all the data you need . in addition to app backup , you can also use sms backup+ to backup your texts to the sd card ( and then to the home server ) . titanium backup pro version has an option to backup files to your dropbox folder , so you can use that instead of rsync if you like . also , try to move as much data to the cloud as you can - including contacts , settings , photos etc - you get peace of mind knowing that most things are already backed up even if your phone gets damaged or stolen .
if your radio station is an extremely obscure one , there is a high chance that it is available in tunein radio . tunein uses your internet connection ( wifi or 3g ) instead of the fm wave so it does not require fm antennae .
upgrade your phone to latest jellybean stock rom and flash speedmod kernel from odin . right now is one of the most stable combinations for the galaxy s ii . if you want more performance you can always install siyah kernel and tweak it for your needs . also remember to do a full nandroid backup before flashing anything and wipe /system , /data and /cache before installing jb from odin .
no need to worry . as of google+ v4.1 , this is going away . 5 . messenger is going away , hangouts is sticking around now that hangouts provides messaging and video calls across android , ios and the web , we’re removing messenger from the google+ mobile apps ( first on android , then on ios ) . later today you will be able to download all of your messenger conversations ( including text and photos ) from google takeout . the new app is rolling out now and you should have it in the next few days .
i was going to post a complete answer , but this xda thread has everything i was going to say and it would take me too long to reproduce it :p . this post is basically a shortened version of the other , if you prefer that , but it seems you had prefer more detail .
it looks like those roms just do not support app2sd . someone else was asking about it : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=12193603postcount=453
with rooted device , only one account called root with both user and group id of zero is present , does not matter how many accounts there are . similar to mac osx , linux counterparts . there is a singular superuser . apk , all accounts can run an app that requires root privileges . it boils down to what apps have the permission granted . afaik superuser . apk is not multi account aware ? if i am wrong feel free to correct me multiple accounts are only available on tablets , however cannot confirm either as do not have one . : )
i am not sure if it is part of a truly vanilla ics build ( though i think it may be ) , but the early cm9 and vanilla ics builds i have played with all have a " developer options " entry in the main system settings . this contains several options which relate to overall graphics effects such as : window animation scale : can be set to " off " to disable window animations transition animation scale : can also be set to " off " force gpu rendering : apparently tries to force gpu rendering of 2d textures/effects . may improve performance according to some ( this generally caused my evo to overheat , though ) it also has an option named " background process limit " . setting a lower number should help improve performance overall , in theory .
it looks like all of the default ringtones and notification sound files are in /system/media/audio . if you can not get to them when mounting via usb , you should be able to use something like astro file manager to copy the files to your sd card and then get them that way . they just appear to be ogg files .
for continuity across all android device sizes , from phones to tablets , the android team completely removed the old tablet layout from 4.4 going forward . it is no longer there so it is not something that can just be switched on . it would have to be built back into the rom , so you may ask your rom developer or look to see if a rom has already done this .
most ads require internet access . if you remove the internet access , then it should not load the ads ( unless they are somehow cached ? ) . if he really , really , really wants to get rid of ads all together , you can install the adfree app on rooted phones . it will remove ads from the browser , from apps , etc . anything that is in its blacklist will refuse to load . however , developers do try to make a living and often provide their apps for free at the cost of a little advertising . you may also want to try and explain this to him and if he really likes the app he can support the developer further by purchasing the full ( ad free ) version . no money , no developers .
fortunately there is no region-locking for phones , just carrier locking . if your phone came with european firmware then you should probably stick with european firmware . ideally you had be able to find something from your carrier even if it was re-packaged by someone for odin . as for your network settings , there are a couple possibilities . you may need to supply the apn information , which you can usually find by doing a web search for "&lt ; carrier&gt ; apn " or similar . you might also need to flash a different modem if the one you have is buggy or otherwise incompatible with your device/carrier .
please try this . to setup proxy address on avd : go to settings> wireless and networks> mobile networks> mobile networks settings> access point names add access point by clicking "+" button and then type favorite name for name , favorite name for apn , fixed proxy and port . if necessary put user name and password . to setup dns address on avd : run below command . emulator -avd &lt ; machine_name&gt ; -dns-server &lt ; dns_ip_address&gt ; fyi : https://developer.android.com/tools/devices/emulator.html#dns
the widgets referred to in the question are touchwiz-specific widgets . they will only show up in touchwiz because they do not use the standard android widget interface . i have found some references to samsung releasing a touchwiz sdk to develop such widgets , but those articles are from 2009 and the links they contain now lead to samsung 's developer home page , rather than to a specific page . i have also seen references to some of the widgets being ported to work on any android phone , but i can not confirm as xda seems to be down at the moment .
on my android 4.0.4 if i click on the picture of the contact , i get option to save it .
using the heimdall one click collection , i was able to restore my device back to the stock rom . in windows , it requires the visual studio c++ runtime . after putting the phone in download mode , all you need to do is to press the flash button .
i am surprised by what you are saying , so let me recap . yes , most networks send out their ssid ( it is called a beacon ) . if your wifi is enabled and you have not disabled scanning then your phone will listen for those beacons and try to match the ssid in the beacon against your phone 's list of ssid 's . depending on your settings it will also use the beacon to determine your current location and possibly even send the beacon 's mac address to google so google can keep its wifi location database up-to-date . so far this is all passive - it is just listening for beacons . the phone does not need to actively try to connect to networks unless some of the networks do not send out beacons ( hidden networks , as mentioned by @chahk ) . but even if you have some hidden networks in your list , i thought that android did not actively try to scan for those networks ( send out probe requests ) . actually , i remember people complaining about this , and 3rd party apps being written to address it , e.g. see " hiddenssid enabler " in the play store . has this changed ? can you tell me where you read about this ? if so , the only solution i can think of is to purge hidden networks from your list of known networks .
on samsung galaxy s ii ( and possibly other similar phones ) the stock music player app can do this . just open the mp3 in any file manager , choose to play it with the stock music player , hit menu and select Use as... and Ringtone . another option is to use doubletwist player to show the music by artist/album and long-press the song you want , then select Use as ringtone . this way you do not have to select from one long list , but the downside is you can not use your file manager to browse , you are stuck with artist/album grouping . also , you could check out ringtone maker , you can browse files in menu -> browse . . . . this also has the ability to play , chop and edit volume/fade .
if you look at this video from the google i/o conference and the slides you can see that they show how much wifi , the cpu , screen , gps , accelerometer etc . use in a device . here is the video and the slides . a quick summary in case the links go down : this shows the amount of battery used by the components in milliamps ( ma ) . another unit needed is milliamp hours ( mah ) which is what battery capacity is measured in , a typical smartphone might have 1600mah capacity . having just the screen on we can see how long the device may last by dividing the capacity ( 1600 mah ) by the usage ( ~100 ma ) giving us 16 hours of use with just the lcd screen on . it is an interesting video if you take the time to watch the whole thing . it discusses wake locks , where an app will wake up the device to update itself , and how they affect battery life which is an aspect i do not usually consider about applications .
this depends on the device . there are devices that have more accurate sensors , which can display the distance in cm correctly , but some sensors only report the distance as " near " or " far " . if your device only gives the two states , android uses the sensor 's maximum detectable distance as the " far " state ( in this case , 9cm ) and 0 as the " near " state ( which translates to 0cm ) . source : position sensors | android developers
you need to install the correct drivers for the device . i am not familiar with the device in question , but it seems that there are two drivers available on the gionee mobile india site . try installing one of the drivers there and then connect your device again .
no programming is required in this case . you need to make little changes to you text file so that it looks like below : ================ name , phone rakesh patel , 9825798257 ramesh patel , 8758965854 ============== first row should be column header : name , phone name and number should have a comma as a separator . change file extension to * . csv then go to google contacts ==> click more and select import and upload the csv file . this will import all your contacts to google account . then add same google account to your device ( if not added already ) . if sync option is already enabled , your contacts , calendar etc . will start syncing with google account data when your device is connected to internet . ( if sync is disabled , you need to enable it first )
for tilting , from : bluestacks goes into beta , supports more apps the latest version of bluestacks also offers accelerometer support . no , you won’t have to tilt your computer to use it , just hit the arrow keys – the up arrow tilts forward , the down arrow tilts back toward you , and the left and right arrows tilt left and right ( surprise surprise ) . unfortunately for shake as of from four months back , from : need to shake the " phone " how i do this ? this functionality is not available with current version of bluestacks app player . stay tuned for future version with its fix .
the nexus 7 is probably one of the easiest android devices to root - and all you need is the android sdk ( and 2 downloads ) . step 1 install the adb and fastboot commands . on ubuntu these can be downloaded using apt: sudo apt-get install android-tools-adb android-tools-fastboot on windows you should download the android sdk , however you can just download this zip which contains the adb , fastboot and dependencies . step 2 on your nexus 7 , go to System Settings-&gt;Developer Options-&gt;Check USB Debugging ( you may need to slide the toogle switch in the action bar to on ) . if you do not see the usb debugging option , go to System Settings-&gt;About Tablet-&gt;Tap on 'Build Number' 7 times . connect your nexus to your computer . step 3 make sure the drivers have downloaded and installed if you are on windows - windows update should automatically find them . once connected , open up a terminal window ( windows : win+r , type cmd press enter . ubuntu : ctrl + alt + t ) and navigate to where you have unzipped the fastboot and adb programs ( no need to do this on linux - they are in the path ) . step 3.5 type adb backup -all -nosystem to backup your userdata to the backup.ab file . step 4 type adb reboot-bootloader and press enter . your nexus 7 will reboot into fastboot mode . step 5 when the device is in fastboot mode , type fastboot oem unlock and press enter . read the information on the device , and touch the Yes option . your bootloader will be unlocked . this will erase all userdata ! step 6 download the latest twrp recovery image from this page . save it in the same location as the fastboot binary . issue the fastboot flash recovery twrp.img command to flash this recovery image . step 7 almost done ! using the on-device fastboot controls , reboot into the recovery menu . select Advanced then ADB Sideload . download the latest supersu zip file and save it to the same location as adb and fastboot . do not unzip it step 8 issue the command adb sideload CWM-SuperSU-v0.99.zip , and then reboot the device . you are now rooted ! step 9 type adb restore &lt;backup file made in 3.5&gt; to restore backup .
not really an android question ( rather linux/shell/bash ) , but i give the credit of the missing executable . so : for i in * ; do j=`echo $i | tr '[a-m][n-z][A-M][N-Z]' '[n-z][a-m][N-Z][A-M]'`; mv "$i" "$j"; done 
touch the image and it will be viewed bigger . then hold the menu button . a menu will come up . go for Settings - Save Image to save the image and it will be saved to your photo album .
from what i can see from this site ( in spanish ) : this is a specific advertising service that only the Movistar network seems to push to phones . the only solution i found is to disable the " sim toolkit " application , Settings &gt; Applications &gt; SIM Toolkit but this may require root access to your device . removing sim toolkit according to android forum users can be removed without any issues . i would Disable it rather than take the nuclear deletion option personally . from the link : has not been on my phone in a year . . . no problems without it - that i am aware of . and i know for a fact that 4g works without it . . . has not been on my phone for the last year - and every rom i could flash made no difference . i am really temped to believe that simtoolkit is for metro 's various services/bloatware ( where they monitor data usage - for whatever reason ) from wikipedia : sim application toolkit ( commonly referred to as stk ) is a standard of the gsm system which enables the subscriber identity module ( sim ) to initiate actions which can be used for various value-added services . these so called ' value added services ' are what you want to remove . alternatively you could contact movistar and see if they can stop it , tell them it is crashing your device or causing you issues and ask what can be done . depending on your contract you could move to another network also .
go launcher , launch the drawer , click application settings , click app drawer scrolling orientation , set vertical continuous or vertical loop and then vertical waterfall . win .
most of the information is available in Settings -> About Phone -> Status but you can also use an app from the market called battery info ( i am sure there are others as well ) and it will show you all the information on the battery . this app also has a widget that can display some information too . at the time of me writing this it is not possible in the android sdk to get the raw mah value so you wont find any apps that can display the exact mah , only how charged the battery is in percent , and what is drained .
yes you can safely delete the folder . for details and a permanent solution ( to stop regeneration of this folder ) check this
perhaps the reason why your old photos survive flashes is because there may be a secondary internal flash memory that is separate from both the memory used for the os ( root ) and the removable microsd slot . ( i know my phone is like this . ) not sure why they would still be there after a factory reset though . have you tried removing them using a file manager app like es file explorer , astro , etc ? another suggestion would be to verify that the photos are not owned by root . if they are you could try removing them using the android terminal emulatorandroid terminal emulator app with root privileges , or try connecting your phone to your computer and delete them using the android debug bridge .
i do not think there is any way to prioritize threads/apps in android . programatically you had set thread priority here , but it would be your threads in your app . you should not be able to do this against someone else 's app unless you had their developer signature as all applications are sandboxed from each other ( unless permission is given ) . instead , i would focus on trying to improve overall performance on your phone : conserve memory : reduce the number of running services delete apps that you do not use ( especially those that are spawning services ) overclocking ( requires root and will drain more battery , but could be allieviated some by running an under voltage kernel ) or installing a custom mod with performance tweaks as a side note , overclocking the motorola droid makes it hell of a lot more responsive than the default 550-600mhz clock speed , but i find the battery drain to be too much unless i have my phone plugged in to a power source . if you carry a spare battery around like me , it may not be that big of a deal you are right to not use a task killer . the android os was built to handle tasks appropriately and you would otherwise waste resources running an auto-kill service every x minutes ( because those killed tasks are just going to re-spawn ) and potentially cause other problems ( killing a task that is writing to the sd card , for instance , could cause file corruption ) . the only thing task killers are good for are for what you would normally use one for : to kill hung up processes .
i do not see how the duration of the charge would relate to whether or not it is harmful to the smartphone . i have never seen any documentation that keeping a phone plugged in perpetually ( whether plugged into usb , ac or dc ) would cause any harm to the phone itself . an argument could be made that it is harmful to the battery . constant charging is not generally a problem for lithium ion polymer batteries ( which most new cell phone batteries are ) . it is in fact better to frequently charge them , and not let them fully discharge . one factor that does degrade the battery life of all lithium ion batteries is heat . the more heat it is exposed to the faster it will lose capacity , so i can see how keeping it plugged in may keep it warmer longer and theoretically degrade the battery life . here are a couple good resources discussing battery life : http://batteryuniversity.com/learn/article/how_to_prolong_lithium_based_batteries http://www.droidforums.net/forum/tech-issues-bug-reports-suggestions/1974-understanding-battery-life.html
this is more like a manual job , but can be done . with titanium backup pro/donate version , you have this feature ( compare versions here ) : backup/restore sms , mms , call log , bookmarks and wi-fi networks in the portable xml format ! you can combine both sms backups into a single xml file format and restore it to your phone all in one . afterwards , perform a backup like you usually do , to have it all together . ps : will probably require you to go back and forward , but here 's a guide : backup to xml the existent sms on your device ; restore the old sms to the device ; backup the old sms to xml ; edit both xml files to merge them ; restore all back to your device . you can refer to titanium backup website to collect more information or to request support from the developers .
beyond what you have already done , you can not . the market requires you to have your google account added to your phone , and this naturally stores data such as your email address even if you do not sync email .
yes , the reason you can not downgrade official roms is not a technical one ; it is just a decision samsung have taken . there is no reason at all why you can not go backwards and forwards between versions of cyanogenmod as long as you have the appropriate recovery . and cm10.1.3 and cm10.2 are currently much more stable than cm11 on the i9300 . consult the cyanogenmod site ( http://www.cyanogenmod.org/ ) or xda-developers ( http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2382573 ) for full details before actually flashing a new recovery . ( personally i am staying with cm10.1.3 ( http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2035141 ) as i found the camera unstable on cm10.2 )
if it came pre-installed with your phone then its a system app . you cannot uninstall it ( unless you have your phone rooted , which i think you do not have ) . best option for you is to disable the app . in this case , the app will not run and will not consume any cpu or battery ( if that is your problem ) . if you are concerned about storage space running out then this will not solve the storage problem .
i had no trouble getting it myself , but that was a while ago . have you tried using a us proxy or sideloading the app ? another option would be to switch to data or wi-fi for the download , whichever you were not using , to see if it is just the particular network that the play store has a problem with .
try twonky . instantly stream media from your phone to devices on your home network ! it can stream not only to you pc but to other dlna capable device and not only music but photo and other stuff .
in short , you can not . only the application can interact with itself internally , unless an api was created for that end . external applications are not able to know what to do in order to follow your desired " path " . the best you could achieve is opening the application , but you still needed to manually tap the buttons . my recommendation : i believe you are trying to have some sort of " sync now " functionality without having to open the application and clicking some buttons to achieve that . either case , email the developer and request such widget , i am sure it is useful enough and interest will arise .
i have found it out , the ext2 partition magically turned into ext3 without formatting i do not know how but it happened , formatted my ext3 partition into ext2 again and it worked , i could not find anyway to bring lost data back .
it is usually /datadata that gets full on the galaxy s . interestingly this partition is not displayed in the Storage setting menu . the quirk is that /datadata is mounted on a special very fast flash chip that only provides 170mib of storage space . while this was enough in the " early days " of android when the galaxy s was released , it can easly become tight with modern apps . /datadata is used to store application user data , and while many apps only place a few kib there , some apps require to store more . typical candidates that store around 20mib in /datadata are google chrome and google currents . atm the best practice is a fix that lets you control which apps can store data on the fast chip and which are outsourced to the slower ram . this script can also be installed with an app called datafix . to find the apps that consume the most space use su &amp;&amp; du -s /datadata/* |sort -gr |head . for example on my device :
do not use full image at recovery ! it contains recovery too ( cm can repair itself , but reflash of bootloader is not needed ) . use fastboot and flash partitions : system , data you will lose all of your data on the tablet , but it is needed because of the different filesystem structure . without reflashing data you will get a bootloop .
tibu stores its backups in a folder on your sdcard ( either the internal or the external , depends on what you have and how you have configured it ) . so you can simply copy that entire folder over to your pc before applying the factory-reset . just check the root of your sdcard ( s ) for a folder named TitaniumBackup . after the factory reset , the folder should still be there ( unless your device is one of those including the card with the reset – hence the copy to pc , which in this case you now can simply copy back ) . launch tibu , and restore what you want to have restored . one thing to keep in mind : i do not know what is causing your trouble , but restoring the entire backup completely might bring it back if the troublemaker was included there , so take care ; )
not with the regular playstore app , afaik . if you want to do so using an app , you might want to take a look at market comments reader . from within the web browser , androidpit allows to show comments of all languages at once , i.e. without selecting each language separately .
have you tried setting Automatic date &amp; time and Automatic time zone ? source : daylight saving time and android : sit back and relax
the problem seemed be caused by winamp not playing wma format files , even though it is meant to support them . have converted them to mp3 and they now appear in winamp and can be played .
yes , the home button ( and possibly the volume buttons ) turn on the screen . found a fix on : http://www.droidforums.net/forum/drod2169-x/132091-ocd-stop-home-button-waking-screen-save-battery.html have not tested yet , but it is mentioned in several places . not sure if it works on an unrooted phone . gingerbread open /system/usr/keylayout/sholes-keypad . kl remove " wake_dropped " and/or " wake " after any entries for : home menu search back volume up volume down froyo open /system/usr/keylayout/cdma_shadow-keypad . kl remove " wake_dropped " and/or " wake " after any entries for : home menu search back volume up volume down
the reason for " phone calls " might be quite easy : looking at the app requirements , they list " android 1.6 or higher " . with that , this permission is automatically set -- whether the developer wants it or not . reference : android 1.6 changelog . an interesting discussion on this permission can be found at stackoverflow : android permissions : phone calls : read phone state and identity . of course this might not be the only reason . if the app e.g. lets you take " call notes " for an ongoing phone call , it might want to connect it with the contact or at least the calling number . to get the contact , it needs the number . to get the number , it needs . . . yes , READ_PHONE_STATE . not using evernote , i cannot say if it offers such a feature . personal information : a possible reason for contacts i just explained . some additional reasons , taken from the app description , could be : email notes and save tweets to your evernote account ( email taken from contacts ) share notes with friends and colleagues via facebook and twitter ( again , your friends data is probably stored with your contacts ) take meeting and class notes ( meetings are probably among your calendar entries , so they could be connected ) plan a trip : keep track of travel plans , plane tickets and passports ( again a clear candidate for calendar : travel plans ) as for accounts , pick reasons from above : how to share on your twitter and/or facebook accounts without accessing them ? so all mentioned permissions could be easily explained . could , as it takes some guess-work . you may be able to tell my assumptions are true if you investigate the described features . but the devs should be able to confirm or deny -- and imho it is their responsibility to explain . my suggestion to developers always is : if there are sensitive permissions involved , split the connected functionality into addons/plugins . my standard example : locus maps . it needs internet access to load maps , that is crucial to the app . being a navigation app , you might want it to navigate you to your friends -- so accessing your contacts makes sense . but that together with internet , well . . . you might be concerned . so menion ( the dev ) moved this part to a ( free ) addon . choice is up to you : trust him ( and install the addon ) , or enter all addresses manually . and for another thing i agree with a point mentioned here a couple of times : a 4.7 star rating with almost half a million downloads , i would say if that app were malicious , we had have heard about .
use es file explorer https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.estrongs.android.pophl=en free . how to use go into your pc and set up a share folder . use this as reference http://www.techrepublic.com/blog/windows-and-office/how-do-i-share-folders-in-windows-7-with-the-shared-folder-wizard/ either place your file to transfer in the shared folder or make the shared folder where your file is located . now install es file explorer on the device and run app . goto the quick access menu ( 3 dash button in the top left corner ) . select network> lan . bottom of the screen select scan , might take a minute to acquire connection . select your shared folder . select your file ( long pressing file and select copy at the bottom ) goto the quick access again and select local pick your destination location from there and tap paste enjoy ! !
you should not have to re-install anything . i do not recall any app having an issue from an os upgrade , except those that needed changes to work with 2.2 . since you are getting 2.2 so long after its initial launch i would expect all of those issues to already have been worked out .
it does not store creation time because unix filesystems ( generally speaking ) simply do not store this anywhere , and android does not seem to be any different . this stack overflow question has some discussion about this fact ( you can ignore the fact that it is talking about python - the answers are still relevant ) , and the man page for stat describes what times are typically stored in the data structure . as for the last accessed times . . . well it does keep track . try ls -l in any directory you have proper permissions for : if you have busybox you can also use the stat command for more detailed info . it also lets you use some additional ls flags like -u , -c and -t ( see man ls if you are not familiar with it ) . here 's a sample from stat:
select version > = 4.0 and it will support the camera .
you have to edit your Framework-Res.apk . its a bit complicated and differenct on every phone . so i can not simply provide a guide . but i suggest you , to ask in your phone forum on xda-developers .
geeksphone started off with the premise of a completely open software and hardware stack . so far they released two handsets , one and zero . although both models are severely outdated specifications-wise compared to today 's high-end models , the " zero " model is quite comparable to current mid-range devices . the company provides source code for the kernel and drivers of their " one " model on the web site . i could not find the sources for the " zero " model , but i am sure they will if you reach out to them .
make sure you have disconnected from the computer and the phone has remounted the card , then navigate to /sdcard/ or /mnt/sdcard/ . ( on other samsung phones like the galaxy s , you would go to /sdcard/external_sd/ . )
the water evaporating has left now undissolved mineral ions on your phone ( ions conduct electricity ) . now electricity does not go as designed . also heat cycles will possibly change chemical and physical structure of your hardware . the more you use it the more likely something will get worse instead of drying to get rid of water and leave the ions on your phone you should have hoovered the water being cautious not to discharge static electricity to the phone ( even though theoretically almost everyone should have damaged their hardware with static many times in their lives it somehow never happens ) now maybe you should clean it properly ( isopropyl alcohol should work the purer the better at least 99% ) the better way to clean it is with bathing it in the alcohol and use ultrasound at the same time which some more professional phonerepairers do with special machines . ( you can find some good replacements of the machines for about 50usd ) it most often works without ultrasounding but the ultrasound method is much better and fixes the performance of water damaged phone more .
there is a root method available for the vruema7 build that does not require you to wipe your device or flash roms , but it does not have an unlocked boot loader ( source and credit to : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2380325 ) step 1: download all three files from the first step from the source above and install/extract as necessary . step 2: insert a microsd card ( exfat format required ) into your device and connect it to your computer as a media device . step 3: move the extracted files and folder from the root exploit package onto the root of your microsd card . do not put them in any folder . step 4: open the android terminal emulator app on your device and run the following commands hitting return after each line : cd /mnt/extSdCard ./pwn ./script.sh  after the second command you should see the '$' change to a '#' indicating root access . the third command will make root access permanent . step 5: after the above commands have run , you can download and open supersu and check for binary updates . at this point you should be done and you can open an app that will request root access to test this .
provided it can read the cpu temperature , the linux kernel will detect an overheat condition and gracefully shut down the device in the event overheating occurs . however , android does not contain built-in mechanisms that selectively disable components or reduce heating in the manner ios does , such as by dimming or turning off the screen , stopping charging , reducing the power of the cell antenna , or disabling the camera flash .
which keyboard app are you using ? it does not break normally on sd card . i have used stock and swiftkey both on sd card . never cause any problem to me .
application developers can set their own requirements in the play store for what must be present before a game or application will be available . for example , it is possible to require a device has a camera , or has a screen larger than a given size , or has support for a particular version of opengl . the htc salsa is equipped with an armv6 cpu ( msm7227 ) , and has an adreno 200 gpu , which supports opengl es 1.0 and opengl es 1.1 . from experience , the limitation here is most likely your armv6 cpu , as the vast majority of sofware nowadays is written for armv7 capable cpus . googling for the names of these games , along with " armv6" shows some hits , although i would be very cautious about running third party unofficial apps that have unspecified and unverifiable modifications . if you do manage to get the games to run , you may find they lack opengl support ( modern games are usually using opengl es 2.0 or above ) , considering the fact that opengl 2.0 is required for programmable 3d graphics ( source : http://www.khronos.org/opengles/2_x/ )
well , i did a more thorough research and found that deleted mails actually are archived rather than deleted . what i did not realize is that deleted mails are not in fact moved to [ imap ] /trash , they are just labeled like that . so they still are in all mails and can be found by browsing or searching . other labels are also preserved . this is a feature of gmail imap regardless of the client . problem solved - there was not any problem in the first place : )
you will not be able to receive a 3g video call from another phone , assuming what you are looking for is the operator backed 3g-324m solution that is available on most 3g phones ( not including iphone or android ) . 3g-324m as a solution does not run over ip and requires a tighter integration between operating system , modem and application . you can read more on the technicalities here : http://www.radvision.com/resources/developers/white-papers/android_integration.htm
i use the charging dock for both z ultra and z1 .
wow , i had this problem just this week ! and just got access to my microsd . . . accessing your microsd the problem : my microsd card works great on my phone , but when i inserted it into my card reader and plugged it into the computer ( ubuntu 12.04 ) , it did not read ! well , this microsd card was a 16gb , class 4 so i thought maybe it was due to the class that it did not work . since , when i plug in a 2gb microsd , it works great ! works on my phone as well as using the card reader . what i did : updated my usb drivers as well as my computer and it is all great ! here 's the command that i used : sudo update-usbids &amp;&amp; sudo update-pciids  and then use the software center and just do a full system update . that is it . the post where i got the info from : ubuntu 10.04 usb drives not mounting ! - these are instructions for ubuntu 10.04 but it worked for my 12.04 . *i did not have anything to do with mount-manager at all . accessing your internal storage this is something that i am not an expert at but i am quite sure it is what the rooting program using the adb connection did to my android when it needed to install the sudo binary . but here 's a link i hope will be of a great help to you - how to access intenal storage or internal memory of android while conecting to pc ? !
adb sideload does not transfer the file to the sdcard permanently . to sideload correctly , you need to pick that option from the recovery first and then when the phone is waiting for the sideload type , adb sideload &lt;PACKAGE&gt;  if you want to push the file to the phone 's sdcard , you could try , adb push &lt;PACKAGE&gt; /sdcard/  that should copy the file over to the sdcard . keep in mind that there is no progress bar . edit : try the following to restart the adb server , adb kill-server  then , adb start-server  then check if the instructions work again .
what you are referring to are called htc scenes ( hero scenes link ) . off the top of my head i do not know of anything like that and only htc devices have the htc scenes . i just did a quick search of the market and did not come up with anything so my initial guess is : no , there is nothing like that currently . you would either need a sense-based custom rom ( not sure if there are any for the droid x ) or an htc device .
the icon in the notification bar will always be there if you are using ( possibly even just have installed ) any alternate input method . it is just the new way that ics offers quick switching between different methods , and cannot be disabled ( at least not on " stock " ics , custom roms may offer this ) . the notification icon should only be there while you are actively entering something , i.e. have a keyboard open . if it showing all the time ( even when you are just on the homescreen , for example ) it may indicate a possible bug or configuration issue with the alternate keyboard/input method you are using .
without changing the person 's name in their contacts , adding a " phonetic " name appears to work .
i think you had require root for this sort of functionality . if you have ics and later on your device , you can check the data usage and identify apps . go to settings > data usage . a list of apps and the data that they have consumed should be displayed there . that will allow you to see which apps have accessed the mobile data connection . screenshots here - http://www.tech-recipes.com/rx/22583/android-ics-control-limit-data-usage/
if your device is not yet rooted , an alternative to alex 's suggestion of titanium backup ( which i would second otherwise ) would be to use adb backup ( creating a backup file for each app separately is important here , as adb restore just works per backup file , not per app ) , or one of its frontends . there is also the possibility to do that directly on the device , using e.g. helium backup . please also take a look at the backup tag-wiki for more information .
the freexperia team have added fm radio in their latest cm nightlies , and it seems to work .
you can install f-droid to get a market-style repository of free and open source android apps : http://f-droid.org/
if you choose 3g only , you have no connectivity if you are in an area where no 3g is available . with 2g+3g , the phone will fallback to 2g if it can not get a 3g connection .
from what i read a few days ago , tablet cannot run android market ( and therefore will not be distributed with it ) until 2.3 is released in the early part of next year . i have heard of a few tablets being released using the manufacturers own market-type application but nothing using the official android market . i think we will have to wait until 2.3 is released before we hear about tablet support = ( gary
try es file explorer . it can access user shared folders + administrative shares .
i also have the proble second problem , and i found the skype staff said :skype doesnt currently support routing the audio to a bluetooth device . http://forum.skype.com/index.php?showtopic=726263st=0gopid=3271265 maybe this is the reason . . .
i found a nice solution with hacker 's keyboard it is free available in the google store and you can choose between many keyboard languages . the nicest thing for me is that , even if i choose the croatian language , i can still easily write german umlauts , which i need as i live in switzerland .
sounds like a hardware problem ( assuming the lines extend all the way across the screen ) . could just be a bad connection .
do you definitely have a sim in your device ? if you do not , then you cannot disable airplane mode . also , is the item in the power options menu and the wireless and networks settings menu disabled ? if so , it is likely a sim error .
the notify when updates are available option has no effect on auto updating apps . you need to disable " auto update apps " right below that option . also , in the play store , go to the camera app listing and tap the menu button ( either physical menu key if equipped or the 3-dot menu in the top right ) and make sure " auto update " is not checked for the camera app . this should prevent it from updating . keep in mind this update will still appear in your list of app updates in the play store , so you will be unable to use the " update all " function since this will include the camera app in the apps to be updated .
the reason is the history of android : the first generation of android devices only had a small amount of internal storage ( around 100-400mib ) which was mounted under /data . next , devices with a , at that time external , sd-card came out . the sd card was mounted under /mnt/sdcard . after that , devices with large internal storage came on the market . this storage was portioned , because /mnt/sdcard had become the default place for big data chunks from apps , pictures and such . so the android environment had to have a /data and /mnt/sdcard directory . therefore one partition was for /data , the other for /mnt/sdcard . this is the reason why you storage space could become low ( the /data partition ) even if there is plenty of space on /mnt/sdcard . this situation was improved with android 3.0: /data and /mnt/sdcard are now pointing to the same partition . good job google , that could have been done versions ago . which is also the reason why app2sd is no more needed on android 3.0 or higher : you would only move the data within the same volume . now we come to the answer if your question : since /mnt/sdcard is already mounted on the internal storage , an external sd-card has to use a different mount point . and this mount point is not specified by google . it could be /mnt/sdcard/ext_sd /mnt/external /mnt/extSdCard /mnt/sdcard/external_sd etc . the api call getExternalStorageDirectory() usually points to the internal storage directory . this behavior is documented . there are open source projects that provide tools to find the external sd-card directory in a canonical way .
go into the people or contacts app . at the top of the list is a heading me with a special item to set up my profile . click that item and it takes you to the " new contact " screen . on this screen , to the right of the " name " field , there is a little grey " contact icon " box . if you click that you can replace the photo with a picture from the gallery or by taking a photo .
ok , i managed to fix my phone . the first thing that differed about my phone from the video tutorials i watched was that when you are preparing to flash the phone , you are supposed to hold vol+ and vol- then connect the usb cable . in the video tutorials the lg logo came on at that point , but on mine it did not . i figured out that if i plugged in the cable first , then held vol+ and vol- the lg logo would come on . this was wrong . the p999 does not display the lg logo when ready to flash . hold vol+ and vol- and then connect the usb cable , wait a few seconds and then let go . your phone should be ready to flash now . if it is not , try again . secondly , this is the software you want to use to flash if you have bricked it : t-mobile g2x one-click recovery flasher . the version i found on some other websites was outdated and would not fix the problem i had mounting the sd card ( which is actually internal memory on the g2x ) . with this version i was able to boot into recovery mode , mount the sd card manually , and then flash the rom . i was able able to properly enable usb mass storage from recovery mode , which would allow you to copy a new rom to the sd card if you have somehow lost your data . the final issue i ran into was no google apps , and no ability to sync my phone to google . you can grab the google apps and flash them through recovery mode here .
this is a known issue with the market / apps accounts . i believe google has upgraded some apps accounts to allow market purchases , but if yours has not been upgraded then i believe you are out of luck and should create a regular google account to use with the market .
handcent sms is the most oft-recommended sms replacement app on this site , so it is probably good to try . if you have no issues with it , then i would assume it is just a buggy sms app that you have and not a deeper problem . if you do not mind losing all your messages you could try going to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications , finding the sms app ( "messaging " or similar ) , and clearing the data for it . there may also be something like " messaging storage " that you need to clear . i do not know of any app that will improve performance of the existing app , and replacing a messaging app can be tricky . i would recommend a custom rom that has had some of these bugs worked out . this xda topic has a good overview of roms for your device .
the general opinion everywhere is that the web marketplace is much better with search results than the marketplace app ( it is really puzzling as to why is such the case ) . and no , the problem is not india specific , it is faced everywhere . the same opinion holds for other stores as well , including apple 's appstore . the good news is , there are a few companies trying to make it better , namely chomp and tapjoy : chomp has been pretty successful and has been solving a truly-existing problem , which is evident since verizon now includes chomp in its tethered phones . for more info , see xconomy . com news article discussing the search issues in the mobile market places and apps like chomp and tapjoy .
not aware , but a quick check in the playstore shows there are several bicycle apps supporting " ant+ sensors " for speed and other things . take e.g. a look at ipbike ant+™ bike computer , ant+ bike display demo , ipbikekey , and others . starting point : ant+ playstore search : ) please note that , as ifor pointed out in his comment , that this requires special support from the android device 's hardware . details can be found e.g. at the ipbike page .
it turns out most of the problems seem to have stemmed from my trying to split the boot and recovery images in the wrong place . i was trying to extract the kernel and ramdisk at the 1f8b for gzip ( the kernel before , ramdisk after ) , but there were several instances of 1f8b ( specifically 1f8b 0800 ) in the hex code and the first one was not the correct one . after splitting the image in the right place , i got a more realistically sized kernel and a ramdisk which extracted successfully . i was also able to get boot . img and recovery . img via adb from /dev/bootimg and /dev/recovery by explicitly limiting the size as per aureljared 's comment on the question regarding my original problem : dd if=/dev/bootimg of=/where/to/store/it bs=6291456 count=1  though the images still contain the error messages , i think they are probably supposed to be there as i have found them in some other known good images online . note that i have not truly tested the images are valid as they are just backups and the only way to test them is to flash them and thus potentially brick my phone if they are bad . i am fairly confident this problem is solved since i can extract the ramdisk , though .
the official google+ app requires android 2.1 or newer , and as the market share for 1.6 and older is now vanishingly small , and getting smaller by the day ( at time of writing the combined market share of 1.5 + 1.6 is 3.6% ) it is unlikely to be modified to work on older oss . similarly unless there is a dev who is also stuck on 1.6 himself and desperate to use google+ , a market share like that is barely worth most devs efforts to create a 3rd party app if there is features in newer platform versions that would make things easier for them . your best bet is to use the web interface at http://google.com/+ as the google+ for mobile page specifically states that that is compatible with android 1.5 and up .
i am not familiar with that particular distribution . however , in general unless the build you installed contains the " google experience " apps ( or if there is a separate market package for it , ) you will not be able to use the official android market front-end to send apps to your virtual device . there are some alternate markets , such as amazon appstore , getjar , slideme , etc . most will require you to download and install their own market app in order to get other apps . if you already have apks of the apps , you should be able to side-load them either via adb shell ( from android sdk ) , or via the bundled package installer by executing the apk from the storage area with some sort of a file system browser ( if included with the build . )
i think bis was automatically syncing your blackberry contacts to google server . when you added google account to your android , it automatically imported all your contacts from google server .
navigation has always been a part of the google maps application . the icon was essentially a convenience shortcut , but not a separate app , and was removed around july 2013 in the maps 7.0 update . it is possible you still had the old version of maps on your other rom . either that , or the rom author added some kind of shortcut " app " to re-create the old navigation icon or something of that nature . if you want to use your phone to navigate somewhere , open google maps and type the address in the search bar , then hit the button in the bottom right ( the exact text/icon may vary depending on distance ) . if you really want the separate navigation icon , you could possibly downgrade to a version of maps earlier than 7.0 . a custom launcher could also let you create a shortcut directly to the navigation activity on your desktop , but probably not in the app drawer . apex launcher , for example , can create a shortcut on your home screen by long pressing on an empty space on one of your home screens , then selecting Shortcuts -&gt; Activities -&gt; Maps -&gt; Navigation .
it is going to depend on the device . each carrier/manufacturer likes to add their own apps and widgets . some even pre-load multimedia files for you . so , this question really can not be answered . ( most definitive answer would be to just get the file sizes of the stock android roms . )
dbm = ( 2 × asu ) - 113 asu in the range of 0-31 and 99 ( for not known or not detectable ) .
sipdroid that i what started with but after researching on it and from developers reviews i found that application has some missing functionality like multiple call and transferring calls etc . . . i do not know but may who is expert in sip stack or have time to do can implement missing functionality but i am neither one of them so my desire to get an application that have all this functionality and by modifying it i can integrate into my application and csipsimple is the answer . however its not easy job to build csipsimple into windows environment but there is hack how to do it . so carefully read its wiki about building project into window environment . according to wiki you can build native library or you can go ahead without building the native library . i suggest for windows user to go with without building the native library . if you have read wiki then in " without building the native library " section last line is like " to get the . so files , download latest nightly build from nightly build website and unpack the apk file ( apk files are just zip files ) . then get lib/arch/ . so files and copy it into csipsimple libs/arch/ . so " i have to clarify one important thing about that : first get . apk file of csipsimple . the version of . apk file must same to download version of your csipsimple source code . . here , you can see the source code version . download the same version . apk and do further as described in wiki .
it is perfectly normal for a device ( usualy import models from china ) to have a kernel version such as " kernel version-- 3.4.0 root@tom-desktop#1" etc . and this has nothing to do with " rooting " a device . if i am not mistaken the " tom-desktop " is the default hostname when building a kernel .
