droidinfo has some benchamrking features .
there are two different kinds of widget in android : appwidget : a small view of an application ( e . g . weather widget ) that can be embedded inside another application ( e . g . home screen ) gui widget : buttons , textbox , etc ; any visual interface element . i believe you are talking about the former ( appwidget ) . an appwidget always belongs to an app . an app that acts as a appwidgethost ( e . g . homescreen apps ) can lend a part of its ui to be managed by the app that provides an appwidget . in short , it is a way of embedding an application inside another application . an appwidget is usually used as a " smart shortcut" ; a shortcut that provides additional logic other than just being clickable and launching an activity . typical examples of appwidget is recent email/sms/facebook/twitter/whatever-your-favorite-messaging-app widgets , astrid 's task list , calendar widget , etc . an appwidget is conceptually a gui widget , except that appwidget is a gui widget that is not provided by android 's framework , instead it is provided by some other application installed in the system .
try this link first - lg l1 support page and checkout the manuals provided . if you do not find what you need then try Live Chat provided below in the same page to ask them directly about this problem . if no chat agents available at that time try emailing them .
this is a way of programatically installing apks the code snippet you are looking for is :
i am not sure about vietnamese , but for example in finnish , there are some extended characters that are problematic . this is because some pages are encoded as iso-8859-15 and some are utf-8 . if autodetection in the browser fails , they will be displayed as boxes or garbage . the same thing happens if the font only supports one encoding and the page uses the other . i would recommend to check the encoding of the font and the encoding of the pages you tried , and change the font if necessary .
if the bootloader comes locked , it can be easily unlocked . google does not let the flagship devices be sold any other way , since they are designed for development . endgadget says it is sim locked . this review says it is unlocked , but i bet they did not buy it with a contract . the specs for best buy 's " t-mobile version " state that it works for edge ( 2.5g ) on the 850 and 1900 mhz frequency bands , in addition to others , which are what at and t uses . so edge should be usable on any gsm network in the world ( i can not find the specs to see if the at and t version is likewise compatible ) . 3g/hspa will not work on at and t and some others , though , since it is limited to the 900/1700/2100 bands used by t-mobile . google confirms this info .
you mention dropbox in the comments area of another answer . merely deleting dropbox data is insufficient to cleansing its folders . you must dissassociate the device from your account or the deleted items will re-synch to the device when next possible . start dropbox . settings > unlink device from dropbox . if this was not done , or done improperly , i can understand how the recovery occurred to the phone .
is there something like : people app -> press the menu button bottom right ( the 3 vertical dots ) -> settings -> sort list by
i have never been a fan of the froyo apps2sd , i was a huge fan of the original " apps2sd " that used an ext2/3/4 partition on your sdcard . i am not sure if any custom roms still support this . i know it is not " supported " in cyanogenmod . you will have to root to go the " apps2ext " route . but if you dont want to go that route , or can not find any roms that support it , i do not really know of any way you can really free up any additional space . if rooted , you can delete any " bloatware " that is installed on the /system . you can remove z4root after you install it . another thing to keep in mind , even if you install applications on the sdcard , they can still use the /data directory to store their data , which is located on the devices internal storage .
sounds like you custom maps is exactly what you are after .
loudness compensation boosts the volume on the high and low ends of the frequency band . as you might expect , the higher you set it , the more it boosts . it is mostly useful for balancing out the sound on cheap headphones , which tend to have poor response at the upper and lower bounds of their range . if you are putting worthwhile sound equipment in/on/around your ears , you probably want to leave it disabled .
these suggestions might seem odd and they might not yield any results but they are worth a shot : try using the panorama and video settings in the stock camera , and i do mean actually use them . do not just switch to them and switch back to picture mode . if you are lucky changing modes , taking a panorama/video , then changing back to normal picture mode will reset whatever needs to be reset . in normal picture mode long-press the shutter button . try this twice , one time release the screen as normal and the next drag your finger away from the shutter button before releasing the screen . i am not sure if doing it these two ways will have different results , but i know that if you drag your finger away no picture will be taken .
as devnul3 has said , using google for the contacts and calendar ( i was using google as an exchange account , so i did not have to do anything special ) . just set your android up with the same google account . moving smss can be done with sms migrator , which can be found in the android market . there is also the spb migration tool , which looks like it can do everything but notes .
if you enabled " my location " in Settings &gt; Location &amp; Security &gt; Use wireless networks then your cell/wifi and/or gps data will be sent to google to triangulate your location if there is an application in the phone that requested for location . your gps data may also be sent to google if you are using google latitude , google navigation , location-aware search , or use other location-based services . third party applications may also track your location , read their privacy policy before installing those applications if you are concerned . edit : according to android central android does the same sort of thing , boys and girls . and it is supposed to . but it does it right . instead of saving days and weeks and months of location data , it saves the 50 most recent cellular gps locations , and 200 most recent wifi fixes . and it is stored in a little file on your phone . . . . you can shut off android 's location services and stop further caching of location data . it is in settings> location and security .
try upgrading to android 4.4.2 . settings -> general -> about device -> software update -> update . : )
i do not think you can set separate default numbers . however what you could do is set a shortcut to message that contact and leave the default number empty so it can prompt you when you call . to set a message shortcut : long press on the home-screen , select " shortcut " , then select " direct message " . this will launch your default messaging app to send a message to that contact to whichever number you set when you create the shortcut . hope this helps
the only way to remove your main google account is to factory reset the phone which removes everything . your best bet will be to download an app that can backup your sms to a file .
from the fring for android user manual , do this after starting a video chat : to switch camera , press the switch button on the left side . if it does not work on the nexus s , it is probably because they have not had time to fix it since yesterday . you can report a bug on their forum .
i have been looking at llama . you can set actions based on conditions , and one of the selectable conditions is NFC tag detected . i have not tried this myself yet , but the program is pretty well thought out . highly recommended !
turn it on , then go into hangouts and turn it off . actually i really wanted to write/receive sms from hangouts , but it did not quite work well . sometimes i could not even reply to the message . so yeah . i disabled it and no nag ever since .
if you are using google talk and have a gmail account , your chats are automatically logged in gmail . if you search for label:chat , you should be able to find that conversation and copy the text from your gmail application . btw , i think that the fact that you can not copy the text from the chat app really needs to be fixed .
if it is a miui theme it will be compatible , but i highly recommend you to use the themes app that comes built-in your miui rom .
solved : while the rageagainstthecage exploit is not working with the infuse , you can root it with the psneuter exploit . easiest way to do it is with the superoneclick application .
you can ' encourage ' the phone to rescan the sd card by unmounting and remounting it ( settings > sd and phone storage ) , or by using a little app from the market called ' sdrescan ' ( which essentially does the same thing ) .
you can install the android sdk and use ddms to monitor the logcat . the thing with a logcat , it is cleared when the device reboots , but you may be able to get an idea of what is crashing if you are monitoring it before it reboots . you can probably also find unofficial cm9 nightlies for the galaxy s2 , but i am not sure what issues still exist for that device .
try using atrackdog , pretty sure that'll be what you are looking for !
this turned out to be a hardware fault which is pretty common on the sgs2 units . the vibration device is mounted next to the audio jack , meaning that it sometimes fails if the jack has been stressed . there is a short video ( warning : nsfw language ) that describes the issues and how to fix them . essentially it works as following : insert a cable into the headphone jack . lightly press on the jack , in the direction of the front-facing camera ( left , if looking at the phone from the front ) whilst lightly pressing in this direction , remove the jack . vibration should be restored . . . for now . the long term fix is to get the vibration motor re-mounted by a qualified repair technician .
try : -long pressing the notification . -a small dialog that says " app info " will appear . -press " app info " -press " force stop " .
sounds like a hardware issue . i suggest promptly replacing it with your carrier before your return grace period is up ( 30 days with at and t , for example . ) you will need to do this at the same store where you purchased the handset . i have the exact same problem with my new atrix . unfortunately ( for me ) i unlocked its bootloader , so at and t is refusing to honor the warranty . i sent it in to motorola for repairs , but it is still doing the same thing ( moto was nice enough to re-lock the bootloader , but at and t is still not budging . ) in my case , i have a feeling that it is either damaged battery contacts on the phone , or perhaps a faulty battery itself . i am planning to send it to motorola again ( on their dime this time ) to see if they can fix it for real this time .
it seems that old installation of locale was making problems ; since after uninstalling it problems disappeared . i still do not understand how is it possible for app to influence android systems so badly , since every app should run in it is own sandbox , but at least problem is solved .
yes , it is up to the carrier whether to distribute the update over their network , but it looks like the update did roll out on orange . strange that you did not get it and can not see it . that said , updating via htc sync is perfectly safe and will not void your warranty . it is nothing like rooting . i would think you should be able to take it into an orange location and they will update it for you , but i would just do it with htc sync myself . your link is for the 2.3 update , rather than the 2.2 update ; i do not know whether you can go directly from 2.1 to 2.3 with that update , but it should not hurt to try .
it uses a protocol called zrpt to encrypt your voice which then is transfered via voice over ip . http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/zrtp
i found this article that explains how to disable it on the galaxy note i717 . i do not have a sg phone but i imagine the solution would be similar for yours . go to settings > manage applications > all apps locate badgeprovider and tap on it click on the disable button
this is because of the update not being done on a clean install . also samsung phones have touchwiz overlay on android which is a bit heavy . to make your phone fast do a full factory reset after taking a full data backup so that you can restore everything ! doing this would clean up any mess left behind by the update process . always try and do a clean install for a major update .
they are the same thing , auto backup is basically just a new ( and more appropriate ) name . the only thing that changed is that now it uploads your pictures in original quality ( part of the reason why they bumped up everyone 's google drive limit to 15gb )
close odin , disconnect your phone , restart odin , reboot your phone , put the phone into download mode again , and then connect your phone and ensure odin sees it . sometimes odin just does not recognize the device and you need to try again . odin will show something like the yellow highlighted area below when the phone is properly connected :
they work like normal shortcuts , just long-press the icon and drop it into the recycling bin , and then open the app menu , long-press Search and drag it down to the dock . edit : the dock in question is not customizable from the default settings , but it can be patched through clockworkmod . the most comprehensive customization options i have seen can be found here . the files need to be applied through clockworkmod so the device has to be rooted . just download the file you prefer , move it to the internal sdcard and apply the update from recovery . be sure to backup first , just in case .
you could have a detailled explanation of what is in the /proc directory in the linux man page
somehow there was a proxy set up in the apn settings … edit : to change the proxy you have to go to the settings and click on mobile data . select access point names , select the active apn ( or the one you are having problems with ) check/reset the proxy/port settings .
i believe this is a problem of the rom itself ( android 2.2 in ace ) . even with only the basic applications it would show the same error . anyway this problem is solved for me . i upgraded my phone to android 2.3.4 . after that , up to now ( nearly 5 month ) i have not come across that problem .
it really comes down to customer expectations . with ios , apple uses the built-in apps to set an expectation that apps will be " blingy " , with all kinds of eye-catching animations . if you look at android 's built-in apps , they are not so eye-catching : animations are subtle ( usually simple fades or fly-ins ) , they have a much cleaner , drier look , and they have very similar , familiar conventions about menus and transitions . this has set the expectation amongst android users that app-specific bling is much less important than respecting the conventions of the platform and integrating well with other apps . at the same time , the app ecosystem and the consumer market are very different on android . apple has a very large barrier to entry : you can not realistically develop ios apps without buying a mac , and a physical device , and paying a subscription to apple . this means that for the most part , hobbyists and small developers are excluded from this market . in contrast , the android development tools are freely available and support windows , mac , and linux ; there is no subscription to be a developer ; you can get onto google play for a small , one-off fee , or distribute apps outside of google play ( on other app stores or independently ) . for this reason , while android still has all the big-name developers you find writing ios apps , there is also a much larger number of small developers and hobbyists . hobbyists are much less likely to add bling or visual design features to their apps , because they just want to develop something useful . there are a lot of incredibly well-written and useful hobbyist and open-source apps , but they are much less likely to add visual design varnish to them . as well as bringing down the average amount of varnish for an app , this also feeds back into the consumer expectation that android apps do not need so much bling .
the power consumption is not noticeable . even a tiny watch battery can run a small led for a few days continuously . increasing the blink rate will not change the power consumption at all : what makes a difference is how long the " on " part of the blink is compared to the " off " part . this is called the duty cycle of the led . most led controllers use the duty cycle to control the brightness of the led ( because leds are not sensitive enough to voltage ) , so even when the led appears to be on continuously , it is actually blinking faster than you can see . you can see this by waving the phone around in a darkened room : instead of tracing a continuous line in the air ( like a sparkler or torch does ) , it looks like a dotted or dashed line . if you can keep the waving speed constant , and measure ( or estimate ) how long the dashes are compared to the gaps , you know the duty cycle . the only reason for the led to blink is a human one : to make it more eye-catching , so you can see when you have a message ( or whatever ) .
i realized last night that since i have 2 factor auth enabled for my account , i might have to generate a new application-specific password in my google account settings . i generated a new one and successfully synced with my new email using it .
i have found appsurfer . com to work very nicely for me . they are still in beta but in 1 - 2 months to come out with plans . . . it is free for 10 users at the same time at the moment and works quiet well . . .
it turns out that just because you can see and use a map online , that does not mean that google will allow you to make the area available offline . offline maps are only currently available for certain countries , and brazil is not currently one of them , in fact it seems to be a fairly odd selection . google have published the full list of countries that it is available in here : maps for mobile - offline availability edit : note that in a july 2013 google maps update , google made offline maps into a hidden feature with no menu option any more . more about how to make maps available offline here : get offline maps in new google maps
what you are referring to here is called sideloading - this is a term used when loading an app on to a device without using the/a market store . it is possible to get apk files for apps , but there're generally good reasons why most developers do not make these publicly available - some developers will make these available thought , it depends on the individual . i would email the developer in question and ask if you could have an apk version of the app . i would not imagine that they would have any issues with this if your request is legitimate and above board .
short answer : no . long answer : not usually , but there some exceptions . in general , to root the phone , you first have to unlock the bootloader . this wipes the internal storage , keeping your data safe . ( it does not usually wipe the sd card , but you have to assume an attacker will just remove the sd card if he wants to read it ) . you had almost think it was designed this way ! you can easily get past a screen lock using adb , but you have already specified that that is disabled . even if usb debugging is enabled on the phone , newer android versions have a " confirm the debugging key " prompt when you use adb from a new pc , which requires the attacker to unlock the screen anyway . some phones have low-level security vulnerabilities that are not part of android . for example , you used to be able to root any exynos4 device ( such as the samsung galaxy s3 ) by running an app that abused the camera interface to exploit the way the camera driver works . ( this flaw has now been fixed in ota updates . ) in this particular case , you had need to install a special app of your choice onto the phone and run it to exploit the vulnerability . it is likely that any future errors like this will also need the attacker to run a special app , so can not be used on a locked phone with usb disabled , but it is conceivable that some flaw might be added that could be exploited from the lock screen ( perhaps using mtp or usb-otg ) . the last exception is , of course , if the bootloader is already unlocked . in this case , the attacker can flash anything he likes to the system . he would not even need to root the phone : he could simply disable the lock screen and reboot the phone to get to the home screen . some users think that bootloader locking is just to make things harder for users , but it is an important part of android 's security mechanism .
multiple approaches here . first , you can open the playstore app , hit the menu button , go to settings , and advise it to only work with wlan , plus not install apps automatically . this would cover part of your problem . second , you could also tell it to not check for updates at all . while on a first look this seems to contradict with your intention -- please read on . go and install yourself the appbrain app market app . this actually utilizes the google play store , it is not a separate market . it even uses your google account for everything . now synchronize your installed apps with the appbrain app . after that , you will see available updates -- and you can decide on a per-app basis whether to . . . accept this update skip this update only ( and be reminded only for the next update ) skip updates for this app altogether as you told the " original " playstore-app to " shut up " , there will not be multiple update notifications . just use the appbrain app for updating your apps -- it will do so by calling the playstore app using its api . batch-updates ( "update all" ) are of course possible as well .
it is quite easy . go to instagram app tap on your own name in stream ( or the card icon ) to go to your profile tap the 3 vertical dots next to your name tap Edit profile scroll down , tap Push notifications uncheck what you do not want . voila !
i finally did a wipe/factory reset . i lost all apps and data , but at least i can use my phone again . and yes , that was because i ran out of space in the internal sd card .
answer from vi . su . in comments ( to make it clear for other users ) found out solution to this problem . in fact , this is not a problem at all . nfc device in the nexus phones is the source for this sound . when placed near a rfid / smartcard , it actually tries to read it aloud . galaxy nexus nfc weirdness
usually , mobile data should be turned off automatically by the system when wifi is connected . if you are sure it is mobile data which is on , you could try some automation tools to handle this , e.g. tasker ( condition : wifi connected , task : mobile data off ) , or llama - location profiles ( here i do not know the steps , but it can do that as well ) .
that is going to depend on how much you are using it during the day , i would say start at 700 and move it around until it feels smooth for you . i would not push the phone that high , first it is going to overheat pretty quickly , which can permanently brick your phone . even 800 is going to be rough on it so i would not leave it up that high for very long . i have got an eris ( did a little looking around , and the droid cpu is set at 550mhz whereas the eris is set at 528mhz as reference points ) so this is going to be a little different than what you have got , but here 's my profiles so you can tweak as needed . temp > 36.9 c 528mhz/160mhz priority : 100 ( this is the failsafe setting , if the phone get 's too hot it'll cut the cpu speed so the phone can cool down and prevent any damage ) charging/full 729mhz/528mhz priority : 80 ( if the phone is plugged in , it can run a little harder , but i also do not use my phone much when it is plugged in ) battery &lt ; 100% 710mhz/528mhz priority : 50 ( this is the normal use setting , which keeps the phone moving smoothly , but does not get too hot ) the most important thing is that you have scaling set to ondemand . this will turn the processor down if it is not being used . hence , on the last setting , it is very rarely at 710mhz and is most often below 550mhz . second to remember is not to set the minimum too low , or the phone will have trouble waking up from sleep . you will need to do a little digging around to find out what the ideal min is for the droid , but i would suspect above 160 mhz would be safe for you . those should cover most bases , at bare minimum add the failsafe profile so that you do not lose your phone .
try this : menu - settings - content settings - website settings from there you can clear data for individual sites . if that does not work , maybe look into remote usb debugging : https://developers.google.com/chrome-developer-tools/docs/remote-debugging
8pen has now answered this at their official support site : you are right , in the early version of the 8pen from november 2010 , we included a popup window . it is now removed , but we are considering putting it back again , as you are not the only one requesting this feature . by the way , are you aware of the game "8pen wordcup " , available for free on the market ( http://goo.gl/qvpiw ) ? that should get you quickly up and running with the new layout , so you will not need to be looking for letters all the time .
i confirm it will attempt to connect all the time and drain battery in half a day in my case . to solve it you should untick the data in the network settings and check that gprs/edge/hspda icon is not visible on top next to the signal strength bars . but at least apndroid ( or manually modify the apn name ) will prevent any connection and any extra charge during roaming session .
alas , the UsbStorageActivity does not use an intent to enable and disable usb mass storage , so there is no way to achieve this using am . it instead calls the functions StorageManager.enableUsbMassStorage and `StorageManager.disableUsbMassStorage to do its work . as these functions are hidden in the framework , it is not possible to write an app to do this , either . as far as i know , there is no existing command to do this . it might be possible to write an app that offers a command-line interface and uses the bound system service MountService to call its setUsbMassStorageEnabled function , but that would be way off-topic for this site .
if i remember correctly , you can drag the frame to the full size of the image , so that the whole picture will be selected as background .
the eee pad transformer will use the battery of the dock to both power and charge the tablet so long as it is connected . you can see this when docked and on battery because the tablet shows its battery as " charging " . this gets the most use out of the tablet because when you undock it , it is most likely to have more charge than the dock . when docked and on the charger , i am fairly sure that both charge at the same time . however , i have not checked as my tf is docked most of the time . incidentally , if the dock 's battery goes flat , it gets its power from the tablet ( without trying to recharge its own battery ) .
just released today , version 1.2 says this in the " what is new " section : you can finally see who is on hangouts ! when you start a new hangout , green icons show who is on , and gray shows who is not . also of note : contacts are now organized by people you hangout with , suggested people , and other contacts . long press contacts in the new hangout screen to hide them .
i heard dropbox is a good alternative , but i have not tried it myself .
i cannot say for all apps you listed -- but for some , the following applies : some system apps ( as e.g. the market/playstore app ) have to be present in /system in order to work . for the playstore app , the reason is : the permission to install other " packages " is only granted if one of the following two conditions is met : it is signed with the same certificate as the system ( rom ) itself -- which does not apply in your case , due to the custom rom used it is installed as " system app " ( i.e. . below /system ) -- which did no longer apply in your case , since you uninstalled the app from there expecting the pre-conditions given , developers might have forgotten to include a check and implement appropriate exception handling -- which then may lead to the described force-close . similar constellations might apply to other apps/packages as well -- though i am not sure what should make the google translate app so special ( maybe it has some special hooks i missed ) . you could try to find out by following roxan 's advice , to integrate the app as " system app " again using e.g. titanium backup , and see if it still force-closes .
there is a mode in cyanogenmod and other roms called " expanded desktop " . if your phone is in expanded desktop mode , then the navbar will not be visible ( the notification bar may also be hidden , depending on your settings ) . the easiest way to check if you are in expanded desktop is to try toggling it . simply long-press the power button to get cyanogenmod 's expanded power menu , then tap " expanded desktop " to toggle it . if your buttons showed up after doing this , then you are set ! if not , it is something else .
first , you can decide what data you want to sync with google . in the accounts settings , you can disable contacts sync , and so only sync your calendar data , which would solve one of your items . concerning sms , there are several backup and restore apps available on the market . the probably most popular one is sms backup and restore . second item solved . as for your apps settings , and " etc " -- that will get a bit more difficult . if your devices are both rooted , it could be done using titanium backup . without root it is almost impossible -- except for those few apps using the google backup api ( you can decide to have your " data " backed up to google servers in your device 's settings ) . as each app runs in its own sandbox , without root no other app can access its data .
from the sony mobile site there does not seem to be a file manager included in sony 's rom . however , many excellent file managers are available on the play store . i personally use es file exploerer for many years now and it is excellent . astro file manager is also very popular . here 's a search for many , many more posibilities
if you use swype you can move the cursor by swyping from the swype symbol to the sym key . that brings up a screen where you can do easy cursor movements and text selection . also , you can correct words easily by double-tapping on a word ; this will bring up the word choice box .
you can not delete it , only hide it . go to the google play website . make sure you are logged in . click the gear icon in the upper right then click settings . your devices should be listed there . uncheck " shown in menus " on the device you do not want to see any more .
i tried to do uname -a on my cm10.1 ( samsung galaxy s2 ) on the built-in terminal app . it returns : linux localhost 3.0.31-cm-g17c7b6e #1 smp preempt tue feb 19 01:11:17 pst 2013 armv71 gnu/linux kernel version : 3.0.31-CM-g17c7b6e smp : Symmetric Multi-Processor support preempt : kernel preemption is enabled kernel date : Tue Feb 19 01:11:17 PST 2013 processor : armv71
recently created localcalendar app is what we needed . it works on android 2 . x too and is open source . ( github )
i got this response from koush , the developer of rom manager : clockworkmod recovery is open source . however , the hooks that rom manager uses to automate backups by hooking into clockworkmod recovery are proprietary . i have told other developers , if they wish to use the clockworkmod recovery hooks , they can do it in the following ways : 1 ) build , distribute , and support their own version of clockworkmod recovery , so that i am not responsible for the maintenance of it . 2 ) use the rom manager api , which requires a rom manager premium license . the user can always make backups manually in recovery , without a premium license . basically , the issue here is that developers are relying on me and my open source work , which i maintain , to build a competing product to my paid applications . essentially undercutting me by relying on me developing 90% of the product for them . it seems pretty silly for me to continue maintaining and distributing something that directly competes with my income , so i put a stop to it . if they want to build a competing product , they will have to go through all the hassles involved with building , distributing , and supporting recovery images . so , no , those other applications are not " blocked " from creating backups . they are just being lazy , and not actually building/flashing their own recovery image . nothing is preventing them from building a rom manager clone , if they really wanted to . they are just avoiding doing the hard part . so for now , i think you are best off finding out if rzrecovery supports your device variant , and if so , using it until there is a version of clockworkmod for it . i own rom manager premium and have no complaints , and i really respect koush for the work he does .
i used android system info app and it gave me a bit more hardware information ( cpu speed , cpu chip , etc . ) but nothing definitive about the manufacturer . . . i guess it will remain a mysterious an allwinner clone . . . thanks for the help , all . . .
it is most likely GT-N7105 , the international version . you can find the other models in wikipedia .
usb devices are designed to use a wide variety of voltages ranging from 500ma to 1500ma and have been standardized for quite some time . you can generally plug any usb device into any usb cable and into any usb port , and nothing will blow up . using a more powerful charger should speed up battery charging , while using a less powerful one will just charge slower . a good resource for this topic can be found here . as noted in that article , the only real concern is when charging an older phone with a newer charger , as the battery might not be able to handle the higher current . in your cause your using an older charger with a new phone , so your all good .
3d maps includes 3d models of some cities . london is not included , yet , but new york is , as are cardiff and birmingham on the uk . you do not need to do anything to view them other than select the map layer , zoom right in , and then swipe down with 2 fingers to angle the view . ( the 3d models appear if you are looking straight down , but it misses the point , somewhat . . . )
the radio frequency of a 2g radio operates in the range of 900 and 1800 mhz ( source ) - varying from country to country . the radio frequency of a 3g radio operates in the range of 2100 mhz ( source ) . as far as samsung galaxy nexus lte l700 ' s specification is concerned , the 2g frequency is CDMA 800 / 1900 , 3g frequency is CDMA2000 1xEV-DO and lte ( 4g ) frequency is LTE 1900 . as far as samsung galaxy nexus i9250 ' s specification is concerned , the 2g frequency is GSM 850/900/1800/1900 , 3g frequency is HSDPA 900/1700/1900/2100 and lte ( 4g ) frequency is LTE 2300/2400 . the above examples clearly means that the phones use different radio frequency for each type of network and hence when switching from one to another it goes into no network mode momentarily and hence the data connection stops .
go to the market and search for screen filter . it can get much dimmer than the brightness control by controlling the screen colors rather than just the backlight .
i attempted to get vnc options working , but they are all buggy . in particular the keyboard mappings and clunky and the screens never seem to render correctly . i even wrote to an author offering money for improvements but never got anything back . teamviewer 8 is the only solution i have found where it actually works the way it is supposed to ( i.e. . seamlessly ) . teamviewer is free for personal use , which is a bonus , but it is by far and away the best solution i have found . it properly supports the android home/nav keys and has complete and properly mapped support for keyboard input . to use it , install teamviewer 8 on your pc/mac , and " teamviewer quicksupport " on your android device . as far as i know , root is not required . no , i do not work for teamviewer .
one way to trigger the hover on links is to long-press the link , wait for the menu to appear , and the press the back button to cancel the menu . this also works in some other browsers . note that this does not work on all links . just tried on the example you mentioned , does not work , probably because there is a slight delay between the onmouseover event and showing the menu . but on other pages , where it is a simple onmouseover trigger this method works .
the error stating that the avd 's config is missing a kernel file is because when i checked the avd manager , the concerned avd had a red cross-mark against it ! once i repaired this avd i found that the error was eliminated !
lookout should do all , or at least most , of this for you . ( warning : market-speak follows ) your mobile device is your most personal computer . it contains your personal data including contacts , photos , video , e-mail , and text messages . backup your data and keep it safe and secure . whether you accidently delete data , your phone is lost , or even destroyed--your data is safe . you can restore any data with the click of a mouse . changing devices is just as easy and your data can be transferred in seconds .
looks like a problems with the version of swype pre-installed by samsung , have logged a bug on swype 's forums at http://forum.swype.com/showthread.php?1343-default-currency-key-doesn-t-change do not think there is anything much any of us can do now except wait for swype to fix the bug and for samsung to push out the updated version . ( just adding this as an answer and accepting to get this off the unanswered questions list , if anyone has a better solution please post and i will transfer the acceptance over )
while unlikely , it is possible that the nexus 7 does not support your local lte network . it seems like aero2 only operates lte on 900mhz and 2500mhz ( take that with a grain of salt though ; it may be incorrect or incomplete ) . the nexus 7 2013 apparently does not support either of those frequencies . oddly enough , apparently neither does the ipad mini . you may want to contact aero2 or whatever local providers and find out which frequencies ( or " bands" ) they operate in your area . it does not matter if their network or sim cards are "100% certified for the nexus 7" , they may not operate the appropriate frequencies in your area specifically . rather than ask " do you support the n7 ? " , ask them " what lte bands are operational in the area with the postal code [ your postal code ] ? " if your area should have a band that is listed on the gsmarena page for the nexus 7 , then you may have problems with your device . if not , then you may want to find a carrier that supports lte on the appropriate bands in your area .
there appears to be a software update coming out to fix this in the " near future " . the actual release date for this update was not specified . . . here is the faq on the motorola website . . .
it seems that this is possible for both versions of the hd ( 7" , os version 7.4.3 and 8.9" , os version 8.4.3 ) . i found xda developer forums for 7" hd version 7.4.3 and 8.9" hd version 8.4.3 . for the purposes of making this post self-contained , i will assume that you have the 7" version . the steps are : step 1: download the *root_with_restore_by_bin4ry_v31 . zip* . ( see original forum ) step 2: extract the file . step 3: this step is very important . uninstall any drivers you have for the kindle fire hd . connect your kindle to the pc via usb . press the windows start button and search " device manager " go to > portable devices . " right click " on kindle and choose " properties " . go to " driver " and click " uninstall " . then unplug the kindle from the pc . step 4: now download and install kindle fire adb drivers . ( see original forum for links to these ) step 5: now on your kindle fire hd go to " settings " then > security . mark " enable adb " - on . step 6: connect the kindle fire hd to the pc via usb . wait till automatic installation completes and kindle is recognized . step 7: navigate to the folder where you extracted the bin4ry method and " double click " the " runme . bat " file and choose option 1 . step 8: on the kindle fire hd select the option " backup my data " and wait till the backup completes ( when the backup completes , on the computer press any key ) . then select the option " restore my data " ( this will not erase any data or files ) and wait till the restore completes ( when the restore completes , on the computer press any key ) . step 9: your device will reboot twice . step 10: when your device boot select select the option " restore my data " once again ( this will not erase any data or files ) and wait till the restore completes ( when the restore completes , on the computer press any key ) . your device will reboot once again . step 11: when your device boot , unlock your device and go to " apps drawer " , you should see the " superuser " app . you are done !
most android devices are not set up for peripherals ; it would take quite a bit of hacking away to get them to recognize them . that being said , since android is linux based it is entirely possible that linux drivers might work for your device out of the box . i would rate the chances of such as being very low , however . writing your own drivers is certainly possible , but again you had also need the internal framework in place for the kernel , etc to accommodate peripherals . and reverse engineering drivers is not easy ! as for your windows ce device , it is very rare for an other os to be ported for a device ( an exception to the rule : the hp touchpad ) . there is all kinds of major issues with reverse engineering from hardware specs , etc that generally keep that from happening . xda developers would be your best bet for something like that if it exists at all .
you could setup a ftp server on your computer and use andftp to connect to it .
dropspace has some limitations according to it is description on the play store : *** current limitation: Only files existing on the sdcard are synced. That is, it's not a full 2-way sync.  i have been using dropsync . it does sync in both directions and i have had no cause for complaint .
the picture viewer of my htc desire work fine for tiff . . . do you try astro ? beamreader is able to do it , but it is expensive . . . however , they offer a 10-day free trial .
the solution is pretty simple , far more easier than i anticipated : partition your usb drive/sdcard , into two partitions , using this easeus partition master , which is what i used . partition layout needs to be one with 1gb of space with fat32 filesystem , that is for the installer . remaining partition of type ext3 ( linux partition ) . the installer , when live-booting from the usb drive/sdcard , will show the just-created partition on the usb/sdcard , just select that partition to install on it and its done .
if you have installed any task killer application that has super user permission granted , this might be killing all the tasks ( including system critical processes ) which might result in a restart . an eg . for this would be zdbox . try checking if that is causing the problem .
there is epub3 reader available on f-droid and github ( not on google play – though an app using the same package name exists there , it is not the same , but obviously based on the original developers engine ; long story behind that , not fitting here ) . its app description explicitely mentions this feature : parallel texts ( e . g . , original text and its translation into another language ) . find some screenshots here . picking one example : looks exactly like what you are after .
the bad news : you very probably can not . if the manufacturer decides to backdoor your phone 's firmware , it is hardly detectable by individuals . phones consist of many components of which only a tiny fraction is really authored by the manufacturer . think of drivers and firmwares for various chips like the baseband , wifi , sensors , the various open source parts like the linux kernel , the android system itself , the closed source google apps and additional 3rd party packages from other other companies , that are preloaded . to be sure , you would need all of the firmwares ' source code and a way to compile it in a way such that the official builds and your build match bit by bit to prove that the source code matches the firmware ( and nothing was secretely altered ) . now one still needed to audit all the source and scan it for backdoors/vulnerabilities . to get an idea : truecrypt is a popular disk encryption software for many operating systems . in the wake of the nsa scandal its sources have recently been binary matched with the official windows releases which was a very tedious process ( report here ) . a source code audit has not been conducted yet , but there is a ( now ) still running indiegogo project for funding that audit with currently ~35k us$ pledged for doing it .
it is motorola 's default clock widget . here is a video that shows , how can use this widget in other phones
as far as i know , currently there are no android devices with dual-sd card slots . keep in mind though that mobile devices is a huge and ever changing market . there is nothing preventing some manufacturer from releasing such a device , if they determine that there is enough demand . not sure i understand the need for a second sd card slot , though : sd cards are cheap enough to not have to worry about them wearing out . newer phones support the sdxc format that boasts capacities of up to 2tb . ( 64gb and 128gb cards are already widely available . ) even with multiple sd slots , you are still technically limited in capacity , albeit you probably will not hit that limit for a while longer . it really depends on what content you are planning on storing there . obviously you would not be able to store a large collection of blu-ray rips that take 8gb+ per file on any size card . bundling a second sd card slot would sacrifice on internal space of a handset . the trade-off would have to come from other areas , such as smaller battery or other feature . i do agree that google 's push for " cloud services " ( nexus devices do not have sd card slots at all ) is misguided , seeing how most carriers are resolved to cap and overcharge of mobile data as it is . however , seeing how other manufacturers are releasing new devices with newer sd technology , and that technology is ( arguably ) getting more and more affordable , i do not see how sacrificing on internal space would be of any benefit to even the biggest space hogs .
it is about 290 dpi ( just crunch the numbers : use the pythagorean equation to get the " pixels " diagonally , then divide by the screen diagonal ) .
digital clock does almost everything you ask . ignore the rubbish picture from the page , it is a full-screen clock with white text on black and it is free . to configure it as you need , launch the app , then open the settings ( tap the screen to open the options then tap settings ) then set : clock -> screen timeout to unchecked . clock -> orientation to landscape . time and date -> show date to unchecked . you can also adjust the time format and colour if you wish . the time is about half the screen height , but i can easily read it on my phone from more than 20ft away so that may not be a problem .
i can confirm that it is possible with the i5800xxjpf update with the 4 ( out of 5 ) separate files and the odin multi downloader tool . here are the instructions of how to update 2.1 eclair to 2.2 froyo .
doing some searches to try and help some losts souls with this little phone , there is a download available on several other forums that will update this phone via odin tar files to a ' stock ' 4.1.2 firmware , it is a tool release directly from samsung and it is available on their website . xda developer thread for cwm on the sch-r740c samsung download page for upgrade utility
i finally came across servestream , a free app in the google play store . it offloads podcasts and the like nicely into the background while you continue to use other apps on the device . one great thing about servestream is it is open source , so you can play with the code if you wish .
i use the tasker application to change the screen timeout and brightness ( as well as the gps ) when i use maps or navigation . i turn on gps and disable timeout when starting maps/navigation and turn them off on exiting . tasker allows you to specify certain tasks that are activated when opening/closing and application . it has several other features and uses , but i find it works well for the problem you are having .
watch out for this , yes there are different sized cables they look the same but are not . you will probably be able to squeeze it in and it will work but may break the connector after a while ( this happened to my galaxy note 2 ) . it may have something to do with different pins within the cable itself . i found it very hard to tell the difference but try to just use the one that came with the device . if not just use a different cable but from a newer product as there are definitely different pins within the cable . best thing to do is if a cable does not fit in easily do not put it in .
are you sure you invested enough time in searching the internet ? i just found this forum and another forum after one search . to answer your other questions : in short , you will need to use odin ( a computer-based tool used for writing to your device while in " pre-android " mode ) to flash ( a fancy phrase for installing ) a custom recovery ( clockworkmod , aka cwm ) . that custom recovery will allow you to flash a superuser app that will handle granting root access . all files necessary can be found by resorting to the linked forums since so can not host files . rooting does not remove your version of android . in most cases , it will actually wipe all of your data ( factory reset ) , so make sure to backup anything that you need beforehand . being rooted does leave room for flashing different versions of android if you wish to do so in the future . sadly , i did not have any luck finding linux drivers for the note 10.1 . windows drivers available here .
you can use es file exporer goto app manager ( press menu to get app manager ) There you can see list of applications installed in your mobile select live wallpaper apk click on backup you can find apk in location /sdcard/backups/apps * edit : * system live wallpapers are located on your phone in path : system/app/livewallpapers . apk you can use es file explorer for the same . but your device need to be rooted to access system apps .
it has nothing to do with battery life ; the number of channels is a regulatory issue ( for example , in the us , only 11 channels are allocated for 2.4ghz wi-fi ) . technically , wi-fi is frequency hopping , so the " channel " is a center frequency around which the actual transmit frequency skips . you can not disable that ; it is part of the channel sharing arrangement ( wi-fi would be unusable if every client on the channel transmitted on the same frequency ) . and beyond that , which channel your device uses is determined by what ap you are associated with , so you have no control over it .
you can try battery notif free from android market . bardcode scanner compatible store link
no , delivery reports generally just tell you that the message has been delivered and is sitting on their phone . it does not necessarily tell you that they have been read . there is not a way to tell if its been read as far as i know .
i am not sure if this is htc specific , but this is what i need to do to get a " direct dial " icon on my htc desire . long press on where you want to add the icon hit ' shortcut ' hit ' direct dial ' select the contact you want to use ( if the contact has more than one number , you will need to pick which one ) there should now be an icon that will have that contact 's photo and a small phone symbol on the bottom right . if you hit the icon , you will immediately dial the contact .
if the phone is working normally except for the power button not responding , you most likely have a hardware issue . that is , the power button is probably physically broken . in this case , you will need to return the phone to the manufacturer or the point of purchase for a repair or replacement . before returning the phone , copy off any personal data you wish to keep , and remove the battery , sd card , sim card and any external case ; do not ship those or any other accessories back along with the phone . you may get a replacement phone , and your data and accessories will not be transferred .
i think this one really depends on the device and procedures involved in installing a new rom . for nexus devices , there is really no point because you can just fastboot oem unlock the bootloader and install your new recovery with fastboot flash recovery [file] . other devices , however , may force you to use tricks that require root in order to unlock the bootloader . for example , in order to install a rom on a device which does not support fastboot , you may need root in order to install a custom recovery .
i assume you are referring to the htc sense clock widget that appears on the home screen ? it looks like this : if so , it is important to note that the location listed there is indicating what location the weather refers to , not the time . htc 's support site has an explanation of how to work with the widget , including editing settings . it sounds like you added a new location to the weather configuration ( which is why it separates it into " home " and " current location" ) , but it is still showing some other , non-current , and non-"home " weather forecast . for that , you will want to read checking weather , also on htc 's support website . it explains how to add new cities to the list , how to rearrange the order of the cities ( e . g . , so that the important one shows up first ) , and most important : how to delete one ; ) do not worry about it being for the htc desire s -- both phones run android with htc sense , so the steps will be the same for both .
mediascape does not lose track any more after the latest upgrade of the phone .
the best way i know ( using cm11 as a reference ) is to go to settings -> backup and reset and removing the checkmark next to auto restore . it may be under another heading on different roms so you may need to look around for it . it is best to do this before you do the factory reset .
go to Settings , and under the " wireless and networks " section tap More... . there should be an option called Default SMS app . tap it , and select the " now sms " app . you should be all set now . [ edit ] : apparently , google deliberately disabled the sms functionality on cell-enabled nexus 7 tabs ( both 2012 3g and 2013 lte tablets are impacted ) with the 4.4 update . the recommended solution is to flash a custom rom that re-enables the setting . keep in mind that this will require unlocking the bootloader , which may void the warranty .
yes , it uses the light sensor , and yes most of the smartphones support it . as for how does it work ; smartphones , generally , have a light sensor located in the bezel right next to the screen that measures the ambient light together with control software that appropriately raises or lowers the screen brightness based on the measured light level . if you are watching in the dark the screen should be appropriately dim . when the ambient light level is higher the screen needs to be made appropriately brighter for two reasons : because of glare from ambient light reflected off the screen , which washes out the image , and because the eye 's light sensitivity decreases substantially as the ambient light level increases .
go to : Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications -&gt; All -&gt; Web [or Internet]  hit " clear defaults " and that will change it to again ask every time .
update : try cleanup and reinstall of drivers as mentioned here . seems to have worked for others . this seems to be a known issue , and many have had success by using a different cable , connecting to a usb 3 port etc , but clearly , those will not work in your case . not sure what your usual usage is , but for file transfers , you can use airdroid , which connects through wifi .
generally fat is used when possible simply because it is compatible with more ( older ) devices . while this is not much of an issue today , it probably continues out of ( 1 ) very slight market advantage and ( 2 ) the fact that factory machinery is set up that way and it would cost owners to change it . in any event , android can certainly read fat32 ; if it could not nobody would be able to use sd cards larger than 2gb . there should be no problem with android being able to read your card after a format .
the android os itself is not dependant on any files on the removable sd card . if you have no apps that use this file , you can safely delete the file , or even format the sd card if you want .
no . i have another sgs model and it works with no battery for a second , as long as the battery 's in when you start it up , but quickly shuts off .
to stop contacts syncing , go to : settings &rarr ; accounts ( and sync ) &rarr ; skype &rarr ; uncheck the sync contacts checkbox on my sony xperia e :
rom manager should not be a required systems app to run cyanogenmod . take a look at the steps over here to remove a system app from your phone : http://oldwiki.cyanogenmod.org/wiki/barebones something like : adb remount adb shell rm -f /system/app/RomManager.apk 
i use current caller id and it seems to work ok , better if you let it connect with facebook . it is not perfect but it will help out . i also use reverse lookup . it is after the fact , but it does a good job . it will google the number and quickly add it to your phone book if you want . neither are going to get you coverage all the time but it is the best i have found .
you should be able to execute the df command from within any terminal app or via adb shell . it would list up all available file systems and their " free space " ( df stands for " disk free" ) . but you would need to know what is what there . to give you an example from one of my tablets : so just like cinderella you have to pick out the good ones , but simply can ignore the rest ( or you can take a look at android folder hiearchy to learn the important ones ) : /system is where your os and its system apps reside . rarely interesting to the end user , as it is not writable ( except you can make it such on rooted devices ) /data is your " internal storage " */sdcard* ( differs between devices and android versions ) your internal or external sdcard ( see next item ) *external* ( may be external_sd , external_sdcard , ext_sd , . . . ) is your external sdcard . if that entry exists , the one mentioned with previous item for sure is the internal one . so in my example there is enough free space available : 1 gb on /data ( internal storage ) , 3 gb on internal sd , and 26 gb on the external . as these values are yielded by the system itself , one should be able to trust them : ) remark : i ommitted some of the df output to make it better readable .
switching the primary account on google play seems to continue the auto-update process
do it in the app directly : ebay app ( home screen ) -> settings ( below wow list entry ) -> notifications -> none
did you look in your " library " ? i recently did a factory reset and i can see all of the apps that i would previously had installed , not just the ones i have only just gotten around to .
try deleting the /mnt/sdcard/DCIM/.thumbnails folder and rebooting your phone . you may need to clear data for media storage and possibly the gallery app/anything related as well .
my answer on that other question was not quite right -- i have a us variant on the galaxy s , and the process to get into download mode is not exactly the same . i will update that answer shortly , in the meantime here are the odin instructions : go to this xda thread and download the newest firmware for your region . download odin for windows ( search for " heimdall " if you are on linux ) . then do the following : put your phone into download mode remove the battery hold volumedown plus the home key plus power . while holding , reinsert the battery . release the power button , still holding the others , about 1 second after the white " gt-i9000" text appears . after a few seconds a yellow triangle with an android in it should appear , this is download mode . if it does not , try this again while holding power the whole time . start up odin . attach the phone to your pc via usb so that odin recognizes it . load the . zip file you downloaded ( the rom/firmware ) into the pda field of odin . load the 512 . pit file into the pit field of odin . check " re-partition " . hit start . odin will tell you when it is done ; if it fails , reboot your phone and try again . ( this happens occasionally ) . note that if you need to back anything up , you should do that beforehand and save the backup to your pc , since everything ( except probably the external sd card ) will be wiped on the phone . also note that you do this at your own risk ; odin is very powerful and misusing it can damage your phone . i have used it dozens of times myself safely .
this is the latest official ainol novo 7 fire jellybean firmware ( using the latest android version 4.2.2 ) : google translation maybe required .
why do you want to avoid flashing chainfire 's kernel ? from xda : this rooted kernel is for the " rooting beginners " and those who want to keep as close to stock as possible . cf-root takes the kernel from an original samsung firmware , and just adds root , busybox , and clockworkmod ( cwm4 ) recovery . rooting voids your warranty just the same as flashing does , and odin is virtually guaranteed to save you if you ignore the instructions while flashing and screw something up . you can also re-flash the stock kernel afterwards , which will remove cwm while still leaving you rooted . edit : gingerbreak apparently only worked on test devices .
investigating in this issue , we already have a lot of broken screen questions providing some clues : you could hook your device to your tv screen via hdmi . this should mirror its ( invisible ) screen . of course this would require your screen at least to respond to touch events . airdroid might provide some help , as it allows to manage your device for many things , and also advertizes to stream the screen of your android in nearly real-time you could use some vnc server , and start it via adb as described in broken screen + using adb shell to run vnc server the latter obviously was the solution fitting you best , as you reported having done exactly that with vmlite vnc server . not the cheapest solution ( this app comes for about us$ 8 ) – but certainly cheaper than paying off a tech : )
anything can go wrong , including issues that permanently brick the device . that said , galaxy s devices are compatible with a tool called odin that can fix all but the worst problems . example process . i personally flash pretty much anything i feel like onto my vibrant , and odin has saved me many times . i would not hesitate to flash something i wanted to try out , but you may wish to be more cautious .
in theory - yes . in practice , it varies from device to device - a very common way of an end-user obtaining root is to flash an insecure kernel . this can be a standalone kernel or a pre-rooted kernel + rom combination . for certain devices , there are also available a number of 3rd party " one-click rooting " apps . that being said , rooting might cause your device to be unusable ( if not done correctly or something unexpected occurs ) , so read the instructions carefully before proceeding and always backup your data to an external source like dropbox or to your pc before you begin . here 's a link ( unverified ) on how to root your verizon stellar .
effectively nothing . the two desktop torrent clients , utorrent and bittorrent used to be developed by two separate groups . late 2006 , µtorrent was purchased by bittorrent inc . since then , they started shipping bittorrent as a re-branded utorrent , but also kept utorrent around . wikipedia because of this , they maintain one program , but have two versions separated only by name , and it seems as though they carried this over to their android apps as well .
have you accidentally locked the desktop ? the option to " unlock desktop " should be on the menu ( possibly under the " more " option ) .
tablets have larger screens , and often more powerful cpus , than phones , which vastly increases power consumption . in order to provide the battery life expected , tablet batteries have much higher capacity than typical phones , and would charge at an unacceptably slow rate with a 5v , 550ma charge provided by a usb 2.0 computer port ( some wall chargers are 850ma or 1-2a ) . at 550ma and 5v , you are getting 2.75 watts ( volts x amps ) , at 2a , you are as high as 10 watts . charging at a higher voltage allows a faster charge while keeping the current down , which minimizes the need for heavier conductors in the cable , etc . the asus charger used with the transfomer series , for example , uses 1.5a at 15v , which provides 22.5 watts . i believe the ipad charger has similar characteristics . each of these uses a proprietary connector which provides a signal to the charger that it can safely output the higher voltage , which reduces the risk of damaging other equipment by connecting it to the higher voltage charger . the asus will charge , albeit very slowly , from a computer usb port using the proprietary cable ; the same may be true of other tablets . edit : an additional factor is the maximum current rating of the pins in the usb connector . this article states that the maximum rated current on pins 1 and 5 of a micro usb connector is 1.8 amps for a total of 9 watts . currents beyond that amount run the risk of overheating the pins .
1:you could try to use a different usb cable , as this will sometimes interfere with the hardware . 2:try connecting on a different usb post ; the individual port could be malfunctioning 3: have your phone already unlocked and turn off the screen sleep : go to > settings | then either > display settings > sleep > never turn off screen general settings > sleep > never turn off screen
applications store their data in a folders named after their package . these folders are located in data/data . the easiest way to find out the package name is to look at the play store url . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=mobi.mgeek.TunnyBrowser  the package name is the part that comes after id= . you can see that dolphin 's package name is mobi.mgeek.TunnyBrowser , so the full path is : /data/data/mobi.mgeek.TunnyBrowser 
please erase all data and the dalvik-cache ( if you have recovery ) . are you using the stock or custom rom ? this looks to me like a bug in the rom to do with nfc - this is the only reason the device would lock up like that . if you are using a custom rom , i suggest you contact the rom developer with the logs , if not , check for a software update . edit : the nfc service will only run if nfc is enabled - if you disable it , and then reboot , it should no longer be active . if it is you can kill it via Settings-&gt;Apps-&gt;Running .
stock browser ( the one with blue icon ) from android jellybean supports offline reading with saving web pages . . menu-> save for offline reading opera mini for android also supports saving web pages menu-> saved pages-> save
unfortunately , as the comments state , there is currently no way to automate this - and i for one wish there was , as i find myself deleting loads of folders as well . you should do it manually - but methodically , and it starts to seem to take a lot less time , as you start to think about it . one thing to look out for is folders for game apps that you installed , as they may contain the downloaded game data - which can be quite large , which you may wish to keep incase you want to install and play the game again . like izzy mentioned , sd maid finds some of the orphan files for you - but not all .
i ended up flashing the stock rom ( using sammobile.com ) back again and using the stock recovery to do a factory reset as the team win recovery format did not do anything . that did the trick , but of course all data is gone too . oh well .
ahh , schneier on security , unvy gb gur xvat . :- ) tl ; dr it may be possible , no one can say for sure . and since no one knows if it is possible you can not block it , because you do not know what and therefore how to block . but first , let use investigate the statement step by step : note that the article is from 2006 . . . said mobile providers can . . . google is certainly able to do so , if you are using a google services enabled device ( usually the ones with " by google " on the back ) . but basically every hardware/software manufacturer , whose parts are placed within smartphone ( or traditional mobile phone ) , is able to install backdoors in his products , which could by used third parties to manipulate the device . either because they bought this access or because the manufacturer is forced to , for example by a ( secret ) government regulation . . . . " remotely install a piece of software on to any handset , . . that is possible and every time you install an app over the play store web interface you use this technique . . . without the owner 's knowledge , . . usually you will see visual feedback about the installation process , at least until it is running . but the notification about the new app stays in the notification bar . but no one can rule out that there is a silent install method too . . . which will activate the microphone even when its owner is not making a call . . . android apps are able to activiate the microphone if they have the permission to to so . but if the app came with a silent install method , who knows if the permission for the microphone was also silently given ? and now , how can i protect my privacy ? as soon as you buy a piece of hardware/software without having the ability to verify the hardware and software components for surveillance backdoors , you are lost . but there are alternatives . there have been attempts to create open source hardware and software for smartphones . therefore allowing you to review the components for unwanted modules . see for example opoenmoko .
after a grep through dumpstate logs in /data/log , i noticed that the sqlite3 file was being accessed by com.domobile.applock .
on the versions of the play store with the new " simplified " permissions dialog , you can still find a full list of permissions from the app 's store page ( the screen with the icon at the top , description , screenshots , and c . ) . scroll down to the bottom of the page . under " additional information " you will see " permissions " with a link " view details " . click this link to see a dialog with the list of individual permissions . in particular , an sms app might have permissions " edit your text messages " , " receive text messages " , " read your text messages " , " send sms messages " , each one saying whether it applies to sms , mms , or both . they are pretty self-explanatory on the face of it , but there are some subtleties . " receive text messages " means the app will be notified ( by android ) of a new message as soon as it arrives . this is normal for an sms app , or for a few apps that use a special sms to validate your phone number with some online service ( such as facebook ) . in contrast , " read your text messages " lets an app get data from android 's database containing your message history . this means it can see messages sent from different apps , or messages you sent or received before you installed the new app . any text message you can see in the stock sms app , this app will also have access to . again , this is normal in an sms app . " edit your text messages " gives the app write access to that same database . for example , the app uses this to save messages or drafts to your message history . again , this is completely normal for an sms app . but it could also be used for an app that illicitly sends premium sms messages to delete the records afterwards . like any permission , it comes down to trust . it is on you to decide if you trust the author of this app to only use these abilities the way you want : not just now , but in future versions of the app too until you you uninstall it .
basically your options are to find a rom to flash for that device and flash it . or find the apk that you removed and re-add it . you will probably need either a custom recovery , like clockworkmod , or you may be able to put the apk back on the device using adb from the android sdk . i am not sure what the custom rom state is for this device , so it may be easier to find the apk that you need . if you can not find the apk , but can find a custom rom , you could pull the apk from the rom package .
the transfer of energy in a lithium ion battery generates heat . the components in the phone generate heat . charging with gps will generate the most heat as the gps , cell radio and battery are all being used , while charging . anything you do while charging will cause the phone to get hotter than if it were running on battery alone . also , the heat while on battery will come from a few sources . first , the more power it is using ( gps , cpu intensive apps , large downloads , hotspot mode , high screen brightness , etc . ) , the more heat will be released from the battery . also the components themselves , like the cell radio and the cpu/gpu will generate heat . combine all these factors in different combinations , the device can heat up . also , there is a known radio bug that can cause it to heat up too . if the phone loses service , it goes to max power to reacquire signal . sometimes the phone does not drop to normal power after the signal is restored , causing the radio to operate at max power , generating heat and placing a large draw on the battery , again resulting in more heat . this will be evidenced by a linear decline in your battery and high heat after a loss of service . a simple reboot will solve this , though it can still happen again . and if you are concerned about the phone overheating , it will not . if the cpu gets too hot , it will just slow down the cpu until it cools down . if the battery gets too hot , it will shut off completely . you can turn it back on when it cools down . ( if it gets too hot while charging , the first thing it will do is reduce the charging current or shut it off completely , before shutting off . )
unless amazon releases their kindle fire source code , there will not be a way to mod a different android tablet to be a faux fire . i seriously doubt that will happen that is not to say that someone will not be able to put together some combination of mods and apps that might approximate some of the fire 's functionality , but that is a pretty daunting task , if amazon 's proprietary changes do not make it completely impossible . update : how about that ? amazon actually did release the kindle fire source code . http://latimesblogs.latimes.com/technology/2011/11/amazon-releases-kindle-fire-source-code.html update 2 : it seems that someone 's got something very close . android spin has details .
i had the same problem and today i did find what was causing my problem . it just started yesterday , 2 weeks after i got the phone . and the only thing that was different is that i started using a generic ac charger that arrived yesterday . when i suspected it was the charger this morning , i switched back to the white samsung charger that came with the phone - and when the battery was fully charged , there was no ' beep ' , just a notice on the notification list . screen did not light up . so i suspect that the generic charger i had just received was overcharging the battery , and the phone must be designed not only to do an audible alert , but to keep repeating that audible and screen-on alert until the phone is unplugged . i have the phone charging on the white cable/plug that came with it , and i have a spare for travel . that is the charger i used up until yesterday - and never had a problem . so i think this resolved my problem with the battery full alert - and i will update again if it turns out that my problem is not fixed .
according to an answer i got a thread i made at xda developers , it looks like the phone actually is rooted because the whole idea with the cf-root kernel i used is that it comes pre rooted ( which makes me feel slightly sheepish ! ) .
this might be some compatibility issue -- despite the fact that it seemed to work fine initially . it is not the first time i read such in connection with a class-10 card . i would recommend to get yourself a class-6 ( good enough and fast enough -- only in rare cases you would really note any difference ) , maybe preferably from a different brand than the current class-10 , and give that a try . chances are very good your trouble will disappear this way .
mksh(1) is “just” the system shell on android ( has been for a few versions by now ) . the request basically means that some other application is trying to run a shell command with root permissions , which the dialogue then attributes to the shell instead of the program/library actually requesting it ( on whose behalf mksh is operating ) . there are several very long threads acting on it ; this one has got a good summary , out of which the most important points are : the " ip route add " command comes from libchange . so in htc sense roms ( thanks to chrisch1974 for finding it ) , which itself is already running as a system component the command itself is not malicious , but there is no clear reason why htc sense should run this command the reason it shows up in supersu v0.97 and does not show up in older versions is because v0.97 no longer automatically grants root to the shell and system processes 224.0.0.0/4 is the standard ip multicast range - this command just forces multicasting out of the wifi interface ( since afaik cell carriers do not allow multicasting on their data connections ) . this prevents multicast traffic from attempting to use the mobile network connection and failing . if you have used the adb shell command on any previous phone and got the root prompt , # , instead of the user prompt , $ , by default then your shell has been this way before . i have seen it come and go . in the end , most people agree that saying yes here seems to be harmless . disclaimer : i’m the mksh maintainer .
no . its up to the manufacturer to release new android versions for their devices . some devices will never get a new android version . only the devices from google ( nexus one , nexus s ) will get the latest android versions early and ota . the others may get the new version , but it is the decision of the manufacturer . custom roms may provide a newer android version , as the last official version that was released by the manufacturer . but this often only applies to popular devices .
i ended up manually changing my dns server to tether internet from my mobile phone . my phone uses a local dns server from my mobile carrier which i was able to trace using compruebaip . any other dns server is blocked by my mobile carrier ( globe telecom ) . i reckon that my phone 's dns service is not properly working . when tethering , the dns provider should be my phone which serves as proxy when connecting to my mobile carrier 's dns servers . thus , i had to set them manually on my laptop . i am using windows 8 and my phone is an android gingerbread 2.3 . so basically , the problems are : my mobile carrier is bad . they are blocking other dns servers and are monopolizing dns requests . this is not good because their servers are not that good . my phone 's dns service appears to be broken . this means my laptop could not connect to the dns service of my mobile phone which then forwards dns requests to my mobile carrier 's dns service . fortunately , after two months of despair , i was able to resolve this . this is what i did : find out what the actual dns servers are my mobile carrier is using through compruebaip . manually set my laptop 's dns servers to the one used by my mobile carrier . even better , i retained google 's public dns server 8.8.8.8 as my primary dns server and used my mobile carrier 's primary dns server as my alternate dns server . so , now , i can use my mobile phone as my internet provider for my laptop whenever i am not at home or at work without having to change anything every time i use it .
yes , just go to : Contacts -&gt; Menu -&gt; Import/Export -&gt; From SIM to Phone or you can view this more detailed article to help you : http://androidadvices.com/import-sim-contacts-android-phone/
this feature is called " fast charge " , and it charges your device slightly faster by disabling the usb data capability . it is not available in the stock rom that i know of , so you need a rom and a kernel that you know supports this . i am using aokp with the franco kernel and it works great on my galaxy nexus , so you could try that . ( there is even a quick toggle for fast charge available ) . there is probably not an unrooted solution for this . being prompted for driver installs ( at least on a windows machine ) is annoying it might be good to know that installing the correct usb drivers for the galaxy nexus in windows is not something that happens automatically . if you decide to root and flash your device , you will encounter this ; i highly recommend using galaxy nexus toolkit to make the procedure as easy as possible ( it is really not that hard ) .
we have found a tool included in aosp debug builds called rawbu : https://github.com/geekrom/android_frameworks_base/tree/master/cmds/rawbu that does exactly what we need it to do if you push it the right way . it backs up the entire data partition of an android device , though it is outdated and crashes if not executed properly since they fused the sdcard . the default directory used by rawbu is sdcard/backup . dat but since that is fused to data/media/0 this will crash on devices ever since that change . so when running rawbu you must specify data/media/0/backup . dat as the backup and restore arguement so that it knows where to backup and restore to . since the sdcard isnt backed up , only data is , this should work on newer devices . if you do not do this , it will restore the backup . dat file to itself corrupting itself while performing the restore . cons : there are a lot of hoops to jump through that i have not tried yet ( i have only tried this on a debug build , so i have not tried building and pushing it to a release build that is been rooted . ) your phone has to be rooted for this to work . pros theoretically it works it is faster than running titanium backup on each user if you have a lot of users to backup . it also restores your phone to the exact same state you had if your phone crashes . in closing it is unfortunate that there are no good methods for backing up multiple users . however with google 's new push to make multi users a stronger feature , we can hope that the adb backup utility will be improved at some point in the near future .
the answer can be found between the lines to the question what actually happens when you swipe an app out of the recent apps list ? . there , eldarerathis quotes some trustworthy sources : [ w ] hat specifically happens when you swipe away a recent task is it : ( 1 ) kills any background or empty processes of the application ( see http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/fundamentals/processes-and-threads.html#lifecycle for what this means ) , and ( 2 ) uses the new http://developer.android.com/reference/android/app/service.html#ontaskremoved(android.content.intent) api to tell any services of the application about the task being removed so it can do whatever it thinks is appropriate . this could mean : if there are processes to be removed , they must be running -- which would be a " yes " to your question . on the other hand , if some app is listed in the recent apps list , that does not necessarily mean there was something left . " recent " means explicitly what the word suggests : the user has recently used that app . do not confuse that with alt-tab on your desktop computer , where you explicitly switch through running apps . the concept on android is completely different . so the final answer would be a " nes " or " yo " . it could be such an app has still processes running . but even if , that is nothing to worry about : unless one of them is a service , those ressources are mostly limited to ram and would be automatically freed as soon as they are required for something else . they do not eat your battery . completely unused resources are , um , unused -- that is , useless . why throw away something we might need shortly ? the user could decide to switch back to that app . so if it is still loaded , it is not only faster available -- but it even requires less ressources ( cpu , i/o ) to activate it again , as it is already there .
i never heard there is a difference : factory-reset is factory-reset ( which is why both methods are often mentioned alternatively to each other : if you still can power up your device manually , you can use the corresponding item in the settings menu -- otherwise , you can go via the recovery-mode ) . usually , the menu item in settings says something like " reset to factory defaults " , while the corresponding entry in recovery says " wipe data and caches " . now , what is a factory-reset , in technical terms ? resetting all settings to the defaults of the currently installed rom , while deleting all data and user-installed apps . how is that done ? by . . . wiping /data ( user-apps and data , plus dalvik cache ) and wiping /cache ( app cache ) now comes the circular reasoning : is not that what the corresponding entry in recovery says -- " wiping data and caches " ?
try something like this . its an app that has sorted that sort of problem for alot of people . hope that does the trick .
if your phone is rooted and got clockworkmod installed , then try formatting and creating an ext partition in clockworkmod . its the most simplest and easiest way to do it . it will automatically take care of your fat partition too . for more info , read this article
yes there is a way . it is called foldersync . it allows you to set up folder pairs to sync and the full version even allows you to sync on changes . it also supports several other cloud services .
to charge at the maximum rate , the charger must identify itself as a charging device by shorting two middle usb pins . this is in the usb specification . proper chargers come like this . other chargers can be modified to short the pins together . i have personally modded a griffin usb car charger in this manner . before the change , it would charge in " usb " mode . after soldering together the two pins , the phone charges in " ac " mode . one caveat : i have not done any tests to see if this changes the charging rate , but it certainly charges quickly after the mod . everything i have read about this phone says that it will only pull 500 ma in " usb " mode . references : wikipedia entry regarding usb charging spec . look for the words " dedicated charging port . " amazon user review with instructions for modding a certain car charger .
*its probably talking about either talkback , soundback , or kickback . ( talkback being when you divert to home it with articulate " home" ; soundback producing a ping ; kickback producing a vibration ) but i would make sure to double think which one you prefer or really need being that you will not be able to uninstall once downloaded . once downloaded it should give you an option . *
a lot of people seem to be having problems with google play movies . if you have a look on the play store page there are a lot of people complaining that the app is buggy . lots of people have fixed issues by uninstalling and reinstalling , it may not help but it is worth a try .
i did a reset from " backup and reset " menu in settings . and this got the digital clock back .
this approach will work ( provided there are no proprietary funny locks in place anywhere ) , but the recovery partition is no party to it from the very beginning . the default . prop is overwritten on bootup , copied from the boot partition , which is not a directly accessible file system . you need an image of the boot partition , which you will then unpack , make the change , and repack . assuming you know how to go about doing all that ( since you say you tried it with the recovery ) , i must warn ahead that often times it is necessary to include the base address when making the image with mkbootimg . there is no way to know when it is required , so it is safe to always include a base address . you can follow a tutorial here : www.freeyourandroid.com/guide/extract-edit-repack-boot-img-windows the script includes the od command with which you can get the base address , in case you want to make your own script . for more on the manual steps ( for reproducing on gnu/linux ) : android-dls.com/wiki/index.php?title=howto:_unpack%2c_edit%2c_and_re-pack_boot_images i do not recommend use of the unpack/repack scripts , as they have hardcoded lines not portable across cases . use split_bootimg . pl , then gunzip and cpio extract it , after which you will again use cpio and gzip it , followed by the mkbootimg command . the only exception is for mtk65xx devices , where you will need the relevant unpack/repack tools ( because they have very different offsets ; you will also skip the mkbootimg as the repack script does it for you ) : github.com/bgcngm/mtk-tools and here is an on-going example of a chinese rebranded phone going through the same thing to finally get root : forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1818146page=5 i am sorry i have to strip off proper links , but i am apparently considered potential spam . also , i have not been rather thorough because i am not really sure you had want more verbosity .
newer android devices do not support usb mass storage because it has a big shortcoming : the phone and the pc can not access the storage at the same time that way . this is because usb mass storage is a low-level protocol giving the pc low-level access to the whole filesystem . this causes knock-on problems when you connect your phone to the pc:- apps on the external storage can not run while it is mounted on the pc . music and other files on the external storage are not accessible to apps , so even apps that are not on the external storage might stop working or become useless . when the external storage is unmounted from the pc , android has to rescan it from scratch ( see media-scanner ) because it can not tell what has changed . there is no way for the phone to let the pc access the internal storage this way : android can not unmount the internal storage , because all apps need access to it , even the system apps . this also means there has to be a separate partition and filesystem for the external storage , which the phone can cope with losing access to . newer android devices often just have one big partition , and the " external storage " is simply a directory there . it is more convenient that way because you do not have free space split between partitions , but you can not use usb mass storage on only a directory . android can not enforce any filesystem security . the pc has complete access to the exported storage , below the filesystem level . this lets it access any file , and read the raw device data to recover deleted files . this might be considered an undesirable security hole . as eldarerathis points out , the external storage has to use the fat32 filesystem to work this way . this is not a shortcoming when it is a real sd card , but when it is really non-removable storage , it would be more useful to use a better filesystem . ( where i say " sd card " here , that means whatever storage your android device calls " external " , even if it is not actually removable . ) in contrast , mtp is higher-level , and allows android to arbitrate and to share access , just like when sharing directories or filesystems over a network . it even opens the possibility of letting the pc access the internal storage this way , but there are other restrictions around that unrelated to mtp . as eldarerathis explains , you need special software to access mtp devices from a mac , because mac os does not have the appropriate software built-in , like windows and some linux distributions do .
you can configure your rules on your server account to do that , so you don’t need the filtering rules on every client . is very practical . but do not remember now if k9 mail client offer filtering/rule system also there is seven mail client that if i´m not wrong you can create and modify server-side email rules . with seven you will get push mail notification for mail , exchange , imap , yahoo , etc . . . note1: your can create the rules through owa ( outlook web access ) . rules created through owa are server side rules . your exchange server should have a owa access point . usually something like : https://owa.yourserverdomain.com
there is this tool called RSD Lite , which is ( afaik ) an internal tool from motorola to flash their phones . you should be able to find it around the googles . and here you should be able to pick up a stock firmware for the defy . this method worked for my moto cliq xt , but do not let this be a guarantee for your defy !
i guess the easiest way is using an app like pocket ( formerly known as " read it later" ) . pocket accepts input from all kind of apps via the " share " menu ; i e.g. use it with my rss reader , twitter apps , browser , and more . so far for the " android end": even before the buffer starts filling , press " share " , select " pocket " , done . now for your pc , pocket offers addon for several browsers . for me , that is firefox , and it is addon works like a charm : i have got a small icon next to my url bar , which opens a ( paged ) list of saved entries which even offers a search/filter function – so it is easy to pick the wanted entry ( here : youtube url ) and watch the movie . the " share process " on your android device works in the background ( gives you status information via " toast messages" ) , so it does not disturb you in whatever you are doing . as a side effect ( you might already have taken that from my above description ) you can do the same with a lot of other stuff you want to " consume later " – as long as it provides an url : tweets , web pages , rss feeds , probably also podcasts and more . and if you decide to check some of the stuff while on the road , pocket offers a reader for that as well ( included with the app ) .
the steps you have to take are the following ones : expand the list of recent labels , but this time tap the option show all labels . this will take you to the list of all your labels , in whose bottom you will see the option manage labels : tap there . in the list of labels , tap the one you want to be notified about . by default that label has label sync and notify disabled . tap the option sync messages it will open a popup dialog with sync options . choose and tap one different to sync : none . the above will enable the notifications , now you can choose its options according the way you want to be notified . exit the label options for changes to be applied . from now on , you will receive notifications about unread messages for that label too ( in jelly bean , you will see the extended notification , as with inbox emails ) . you will be able to open the email message tapping on that notification .
the following is the way i enable additional spell checkers on my galaxy nexus which runs on vanilla android 4.3 , i hope it will be the same for your moto g : open your app drawer and go to settings > language and input scroll down to keyboard and input methods section : if your google keyboard is enabled , tap its settings button , if not , enable it first . on google keyboard settings screen , tap input languages on input languages screen , scroll down and enable polish . then tap back . you should be on google keyboard settings screen again : scroll down to text correction section and tap add-on dictionaries . on add-on dictionaries screen , scroll down and tap polski ( which it should say it is available ) . now it should appear a button to install this dictionary : tap it and wait until it is installed . now , the install button will be replaced for a delete button , and the dictionary status will say installed . exit settings screens . now you can use the polish spell checker in the phone . just toggle the language by tapping the globe key to the left of spacebar in google keyboard until it says polski and you will be ready to use it .
stock samsung software always mounts the sd card after the system is up , at least on my vibrant , so i would expect there is not too much you can do about that without hacking the startup scripts ( presumably difficult ) . as for the second problem , the market description says : " it can break some apps if they are not meant to be moved to the sd card ( such as widgets ) . " try moving any widgets back to your phone storage .
i think that you have mis-interpreted for applications and all in-app products that you choose to sell on google play to mean all purchases made through apps distributed via google play rather than purchases made using the google play store . when you use the ebay app they do not take payment via google play and therefore do not need to pay google 30% . having said that . . . as mentioned by dan hulme the google play terms prohibit using other payment mechanisms for purchases that are are entirely within the app ( i.e. . excluding magazine subscriptions , other kinds of downloadable content , and purchases of physical goods ) app purchases : developers charging for apps and downloads from google play must do so by using google play 's payment system . in-app purchases : developers offering virtual goods or currencies within a game downloaded from google play must use google play 's in-app billing service as the method of payment . developers offering additional content , services or functionality within another category of app downloaded from google play must use google play 's in-app billing service as the method of payment , except : where payment is primarily for physical goods or services ( e . g . , buying movie tickets , or buying a publication where the price also includes a hard copy subscription ) ; or where payment is for digital content or goods that may be consumed outside of the app itself ( e . g . , buying songs that can be played on other music players ) .
the simplest method is to use the email conversation option from within a conversation . tap the overflow menu ( 3 dots ) , the more > email conversation . that brings up a popup allowing you to either attach media files or send the chat without the media files . there is also whatsapp toolbox which has similar functionality but requires root access .
i am pretty sure that isnt an option in the default design of android . i have never personally seen an app for such things because most people desire the programs to shut down to keep the speed of the phone up . it is the android system that is shutting unused programs down . the creator of the app would have to design a service to keep it running in the background or possible like an always on calculation or audio so the system would think the program was doing something . that would eat up your battery .
languages support i guess , plus the build number targets the specific si numbers found underneath the battery hence the differences between them , however minor they may be , to target the region itself .
you can create a screen shortcut for " home " or any location you use often . long-press on the home screen , select the shortcuts option , and scroll down to get a directions option . you will be prompted for an address , which can be either specific or general . choose car , public transit , or walking directions , ensure " turn-by-turn navigation " is checked , and give it a short name , like " home " . now you have a shortcut which will quickly get the directions you want from wherever you are . you can also " star " locations on the map that you use often . you can also use contacts to quickly get addresses for navigation . were you to have a " home " entry in your contact list , you could simply use the voice command " navigate to home " .
google maps navigation is currently available in the united states , canada , uk , ireland , austria , belgium , denmark , france , germany , italy , the netherlands , portugal , spain , and switzerland .
on Contacts tab of stock contacts app , hit Options button . then , choose more ~> Display Options . on this screen , un-check Only contacts with phone numbers . then , check all accounts whose contacts you want to delete ( like facebook , all gmail groups ) . and , un-check all accounts whose contacts you do not want to delete ( like phone , sim ) . tap Save button after you finished checking and un-checking . on Contacts tab , hit Options button again . choose Delete this time . on next screen , tap Select all and then Delete button . done ! after this , again go to display options to display your contacts which were not deleted .
there are a few points to note on this . not all of them will help you on your issue , but at least explain things or point you to helpful information : some devs explain in their apps ' descriptions what they need those permissions for , others do so at least on the corresponding web sites ( e . g . in the faq ) . if they missed that , contact them and ask to have that gap filled . phone id + internet is required by most ad modules . to avoid that , check for payed versions . android apps are not really expensive , and of course devs like to be compensated for their work . the average price of 1 buck should be worth it . no real issue with the accounts stuff . for explanations , please take a look at what can an app do with the “use accounts on the device” permission ? what does permission “manage_accounts” mean ? i agree that a game rarely has a good reason to access your contacts , calendar , call lists , browser history , and bookmarks . my guess in those cases is , that in ~80% the dev simply made a " bad decision " concerning the ad module chosen ( there are some really bordering spyware ) . again , contact the dev and ask . according to a study i read a while ago , about 60% of the devs are not even aware of that issue ; being approached , they were open for alternatives ( unfortunately i do not remember the source currently ) . i also agree concerning phone calls , and even sms . they might be used for in-app purchases , but i do not think this is a good practice . further good sources can be found in our permissions tag-wiki .
if the power circuit is torn , it is impossible to join it back . and definitely not with adhesive !
download spare parts . when in the app , tap " battery history " , then in the first dropdown select " gps usage " . in the second dropdown select whichever you want to see ( "since last unplugged " , " total since boot " , or " total in all time" ) and you should see which apps have accessed the gps .
i have solved the issue . the issue is that the memory card was locked by old nokia phone . so i unlocked it and now it is working perfectly . thanks for all your support .
it is there all along ! open up the email app and press the menu button . go to view> folders you now need to tap the folder icon next to inbox and it will ' expand ' and display all the subfolders under it . this must be the icon and not the text . it wont work if you press the text so you must press the icon . i have to say this is pretty poor ui design , as it is not obvious to end users . i will try and add a screenshot when i next get the s3 .
does your device auto-mount its storage to the pc when connected ? on most devices you need to pull down the notification bar and click the usb notification to mount . you should dismount the same way , after dismounting in linux , before unplugging the device . and , how much free space do you have ?
you have to have root access to mount the drive as that article is describing ( calling su == becoming root ) . what are you trying to accomplish ? can you push the file to the sdcard instead ( if your device has one ) ?
you need to find a wifi dongle with a chipset the device supports . each chipset requires different drivers , so you will have to find one that is supported . there a discussion thread on the site you linked to about exactly this .
data files are usually kept in either /data/data/ [ packagename ] / or they could be stored on the sdcard . [ packagename ] will be something like com . fitnesskeeper . runkeeper . pro . the data file your looking for will probably be in that directory ( well , one of the sub-directories any how ) . as for if they store the data on the sdcard , most developers do not follow the recommendations to store the data in /sdcard/android/ so if they are on the sdcard , i could not tell you where to even look . i would suggest , after you look in /data/data , to look for the [ packagename ] some where on the sdcard , or look for something with runkeeper in the name .
this is really an " it depends " answer . if you are only installing applications and streaming any media you consume , 16gb is sufficient . if you are copying media locally , 32gb should be a minimum . by way of example , the tablet i was using on my last vacation only had 2gb used . my son 's was full at 16gb with the movies and tv shows we had copied on to last him a week and he ended up watching the same shows over and over .
generally , reboot binary provides a recovery switch . after switching to root , execute this command : /system/bin/reboot recovery this may not work if your manufacturer does not support it . rom manager type apps uses api of android which you can not access via terminal emulator directly .
as mentioned in comments , i also have a nexus 4 ( 4.2.2 ) and it daydreams ok when charging ( usb to wall charger ) when set to sleep after 15 seconds . " daydreaming " is triggered when the device goes to sleep ( or when sleep mode would normally be triggered ) . it would seem that if the " stay awake " option is checked in " developer options " then sleep mode is never triggered and the device never daydreams . so , the solution is to uncheck the " stay awake " option . " daydream " is like a conditional stay-awake option . the screen does not switch off and for this reason a device can only be set to daydream when it is connected to a power source .
you can set a navbar on your device by just adding a single line to your build . prop file . qmenu.hw.maikeys=0 also you can disable you current h/w buttons by give a # symbol before <code> key 172 home key 158 back key 139 menu </code> in file /system/usr/keylayout/Generic.kl es file exporer will automatically make a backup for those files . you can use that . bak files if you want to revert . you can edit build . prop file using es file manager app or you can try flashing zip specified here
the app definitely uses less data than a browser , because it only loads the email 's contents , while the website loads a lot of stuff along with it . the app needs to download just the gmail content and some information about it ( sender , cc etc . ) . if you are worried about data limits , then go for the app . it is both faster and uses less data .
with 32 gb when i go to settings i can see 25 gb available storage though the device is declared to have 32gb , part of that is reserved for the firmware . the entire 32gb are partitioned : /system for the device-firmware /recovery for the recovery ( see : recovery-mode ) /boot for the boot image /cache for application cache /data for apps and their data ( see : internal-storage ) the 25 gb you see are those from the internal-storage aka /data . this answer only covers the first part of your question . for the second part , we need some more details .
i achieve on this using tasker . for the apps in the sd card i created a profile with the context events -> hardware -> card mounted and it loads all apps i want . for the apps in the phone i created a profile with the context events -> system -> device boot and it loads all apps i want . note : the first thing you must do before anything in both of this contexts is wait a few seconds . in the " card mounted " event is to let android load all the apps installed in the memory ( i am guessing ) and in the " device boot " is because after booting android is too busy doing important stuff ( i am quoting tasker guys ) .
fixed it . i am writing my fix if other people will encounter the same problem . also , that i must stress that this fix will work only for cyangenmod users ! the problem is that there is not enough space in /cache/ , so when the market wants to download a " too large app " , it throws an exception saying " there is not enough free space " . you can see that error if you have the android sdk and you run " adb logcat " , and try to download an app ( you will get " not enough free space in internal download storage" ) . so how to fix it ? the easiest way i found is to download an app called " s2e " . you can try to download it from the market . if you can not , look for the apk , and install it from the sdcard . once you installed it , you can choose directories that will be moved to the sd-ext instead of the phone 's internal memory . check " download cache location : /sd-ext/download " . than click on " menu " and than " reboot " . that is it ! :- )
you need to differentiate between a " hard reset " ( hover the mouse over that tag : a forced reboot/shutdown by removing power ( take out the battery , usually ) ) and a " factory reset " ( again , mouse-over : a factory reset results in a full reset of an android device to the original settings of the currently-installed rom . ) . hard-reset : here it is unlikely ( though not absolutely impossible ) to lose your stored contacts factory-reset : here it is very sure they are deleted , as all data and all user-installed apps are deleted from the device however , you can make a backup of your contacts . in the contacts app itself , when pressing the menu key , you should find a menu item for " export/import " . select to " export " , and have it save the data to your sdcard . to be absolutely safe , before doing a factory reset copy all the sdcard 's contents to e.g. your pc . after the factory-reset , you can use the very same item in the contacts app to re-import the data . btw : contacts export uses a common file format , which is understood by many other programs as well ( *.vcf which means vcard file ) . it can be read e.g. by gmail ( even the web interface ) or outlook as well . if you have your contacts synced with google , they should be restored automatically once you configured your google account on the device after the factory reset .
sounds like it is just not copying sent messageinto your mailbox at all , only keeping them locally . i would assume that is just a shortcoming of the app and you had need to use a different one that supports that feature . the default client is very basic and buggy . have you considered using gmail ? you can configure it ( through the web ) to get mail from an imap account , and then you could use the gmail app ( which is very good ) .
to understand why nexus 7 can show more content than the galaxy nexus , i will first explain two concepts : screen density and density-independent-pixel . but before we go into technical details , it may be worth to clarify the design goals of using density-independent-pixels . the goal is to define a ui that is similar in dimension across devices , regardless of the screen size . so in this case the appearance of the menus is the same in the galaxy nexus and the tablet ( side by side should look very similar ) , but , as one has a bigger screen , more content can be shown . the designer selects an appearance that looks good for a certain size ( a 160 dpi screen is the base ) and this is " simulated " in this case in devices with higher dpi . screen density commonly referred to as dpi ( dots per inch ) . android groups all actual screen densities into four generalized densities : low ( 120 ) , medium ( 160 ) , high ( 240 ) , and extra high ( 320 ) . a device such as galaxy nexus has " extra high " screen density ( more specifically , the dpi value is set at 320 ) . the nexus 7 uses " tvdpi " - i.e. 213 dpi . density independent pixel commonly referred to as dp . this is the virtual pixel unit used when displaying content . the density-independent pixel is equivalent to one physical pixel on a 160 dpi screen . to calculate dp use the following formula : px = dp * (dpi / 160)  or equivalently : dp = (px / dpi) * 160  the reason nexus 7 can show more content than the galaxy nexus despite having similar resolutions is this : the dpi of nexus 7 is lower than galaxy nexus . galaxy nexus ( 320 dpi , 720 pixels wide ) (720 / 320) * 160 = 360 dp  nexus 7 ( 213 dpi , 800 pixels wide ) (800 / 213) * 160 = 600 dp  this means that when apps are rendering on the galaxy nexus , the width of the screen is actually 360 dp ( rendered using 720 pixels ) . whereas on the nexus 7 , the width of the screen is 600 dp ( rendered using 800 pixels ) . bonus if your galaxy nexus is rooted , you can use an app such as lcd density modder and change the dpi of your device to 240 . what you will get is something a lot closer to nexus 7 in a smaller package . on the left is a screenshot of the device at 240 dpi . you will notice we can see a lot more content when the dpi is lower . nothing to do with ppi the other answers mention ppi . the amount of content displayed has nothing to do with the ppi of a device . though commonly , vendors select the dpi that is closest to the ppi of the device . ( e . g . galaxy nexus has a ppi of 316 , but a dpi of 320 , where as nexus 7 has a ppi of 216 , but uses a 213 dpi ) . further reading http://developer.android.com/guide/practices/screens_support.html
i ended up figuring it out , but it took a lot of research and time . here 's what i did , probably not exactly like this since it took me a few tries to get right : root your phone . download the koush bootstrapper/loader and install it onto your phone , via their site or the android market . go to team defuse 's website to download the fission 2.2 zip file . put this on your sd card somewhere . boot into koush , apply the bootloader patch , and then reboot into the bootloader . clear cache/data , mount /data and /system , clear cache/data again , install update , select zip file on sd card , once that is done , clear cache/data again , and then reboot . you should then boot into a fresh install of " vanilla " froyo android . no apps . no settings . and best of all , no motoblur ! . . . i think i got all that right . if i missed something , let me know .
found the problem . it is not that picasa was not there as a share option , but rather it was not visible . there were too many items installed that offer this intent , and the gallery application does not have a scrollable menu . this is apparently a known bug and it is been there for quite a while so it does not look like it is going to get fixed either . i now use a different application for sharing to picasa .
it just works , no need to wipe . you do not need to wipe , according to a blog post on cyanogenmod 's google plus channel : upgrading from cm10 to cm10.1 as you may have noticed , we started updating some devices from cm10 ( android 4.1 ) to 10.1 ( android 4.2 ) during the weekend . the upgrade process has been tested extensively for the older devices ( manta and mako did not have that problem since they started out with 10.1 ) , so you should be able to update directly without losing any data . the single application known not to work is the clock : our changes to 4.1 's clock to add the stopwatch and timer in cm10 are not compatible with google 's own implementation of those features in 4.2 ( which we are using in cm10.1 ) ; if your clock starts crashing after upgrading to 10.1 , simply go into the settings -> apps menu , choose clock from the all tab , and hit " clear data " .
easy playlist editor allows filtering by folder and then saving the matches as a playlist .
what are the bt yahoo ! mail settings for outgoing and incoming mail servers ? incoming mail ( pop3 ) server : mail . btinternet . com with port 110 outgoing mail ( smtp ) server : mail . btinternet . com with port 25 account name/login name : your email address ( including the "@btinternet.com" or "@btopenworld.com" part ) password : your bt yahoo ! password step-by-step online step-by-step instructions to help with your email setup .
i only could reset the phone . . cannot remove the encryption .
it sounds to me like you want to keep a rooted version of the nook os ( which will have to be rebooted to run non-bn apps ) ( quoted from the cyanogenmod wiki ) prior to rooting the barnes and noble nook color , it is recommend you register it with the barnes and noble . setting up unooter in order to properly flash an unooter image to a sd card , you will need to use an usb card adapter or have an internal sd card slot on the computer . writing the unooter image to the sd card will wipe it , backup anything of value and/or importance elsewhere . download the unooter image : unooter : http://cmw.22aaf3.com/encore/root/unooter.zip md5: 4e1e7be9939aaef43d3a1d04cb17b2cd unzip the unooter zipfile . write the unooter image to the sd card : windows due to windows not having the ability to write images to drives , you will need win32diskimager to accomplish this . latest version should be fine . http://launchpad.net/win32-image-writer/+download insert the sd card you are going to use to write the unooter image to . open win32diskimager . select the downloaded and extracted unooter image with the folder button . select the drive letter for the sd card . write the unooter image . linux insert the sd card you are going to use to write the unooter image to . on the computer , open up terminal and navigate the directory where the extracted unooter image is located . once in the same directory as the unooter image , type the following commands : umount /dev/ note : is the device file associated with the sd card , e.g. , sdc or mmcblk0 , and not the mount point , e.g. , sdc1 or mmcblk0p1 . dd if=unooter . img of=/dev/ bs=1m mac os x insert the sd card you are going to use to write the unooter image to . on the computer , open up terminal and navigate the directory where the extracted unooter image is located . once in the same directory as the unooter image , type the following commands : diskutil list note : this will help you identify the sd card . make sure it is the sd card and not one of the hard drives of the computer . diskutil unmountdisk /dev/ note : is the device file associated with the sd card , e.g. disk2 . dd if=unooter . img of=/dev/ bs=1m the unooter image is now setup on the sd card . continue to the next section . gaining root access power off the barnes and noble nook color . also if the device is connected to a computer , disconnect it . insert the newly setup unooter sd card into the barnes and noble nook color . connect the barnes and noble nook color to the computer . this will trigger the barnes and noble nook color to power on ( the screen will remain off ) and allow unooter to root the device . this screen is black for up to ten minutes . the computer will see a new usb device . windows : the computer may complain about missing drivers . simply cancel through them at this time . linux : the barnes and noble nook color will show up the computer as a rndis ethernet device . you may ignore this . mac os x : the barnes and noble nook color will show up as an additional ethernet device . just cancel when you see the dialog box pop up . once this occurs , disconnect the barnes and noble nook color from the computer . the barnes and noble nook color may restart itself . if it restarts normal , continue to the next step . if it does not , power it off , remove the sd card and power it back on normal . at this point the barnes and noble nook color is rooted . two notes from my experience : use a small sd card , as you will not be able to reuse it . i recommend going to the cyanogenmod wiki , setting up clockwordmod , and installing google apps , as this will not activate adb . sorry , not enough reputation to post the link .
having a different external display was one of the new features with jelly bean 4.2 you will need a siutable update for your s3 to stand a chance . what level of support you will get then is still in doubt depending upon the real hardware capabilities and what support samsung put in .
i am not positive when it was added , but if you open one of the duplicate contacts and edit it , you can press menu> join to collapse two entries into one .
this setting backs your data up to google 's magic cloud . it includes what apps you have installed , and some apps ' settings ( if they are written to take advantage of it ) which are restored when you first sign in to a new phone . relevant quote from the android 2.3 user guide , pg 18: you can choose to back up some of your data , such as your bookmarks , your user dictionary , your wi-fi passwords , and many other settings , to your google account , on google servers . some third-party applications may also take advantage of this feature . that way , when you need to replace your phone ( when you upgrade or replace a lost phone ) , or if you reinstall an application , you can restore your settings and other data . for information about changing this setting later , see “privacy settings” on page 370 . that setting controls apps ' ability to use this api , which includes google 's apps such as market .
i have followed the exact steps from link : samsung mobile mtp device cannot be installed stackoverflow tutorial here are steps : ( for Windows specific instructions ) : ensure phone is not connected to pc . uninstall kies from pc . reboot your pc and reinstall kies after that . just for great measure . . . open kies , go to Tools | Troubleshoot connection error . follow instructions and wait for it to finish the troubleshooting procedure . reboot your phone ( or turn off and then on your phone again ) . Do not connect it to your PC just yet. once rebooted , go to your phone 's dialer , type *#7284# - a configuration window will appear . in that window 's usb section , if it is default to pda , tap modem , then back to pda , ( if it is modem in the beginning , change it to pda ) then press the back key to exit . most importantly , it must set as pda when you exit . turn off usb debugging in your phone . ( optional ) set your phone 's screen timeout to a lengthy time . ( minimum 1-2 minutes - recommended 5mins to 30mins ) its found in settings | display . you can change this back later on . connect the phone to your pc with usb cable and let windows load your drivers . . . and wait for the drivers to get reinstalled . once reinstalled , disconnect the phone off usb . switch usb debugging back on in your phone settings , and reconnect the phone back - you will see windows load another set of drivers for your phone . wait until it is completed . ( this step is a precautionative measure to ensure your phone is identified with all the necessary drivers ) once complete , unplug your phone , and turn off usb debugging . . . this is to ensure mtp will initialize . also , press the phone 's home key until your homescreen is displayed . only after doing all that , reconnect your phone back to pc . test and see if mtp works using windows explorer . you will see your phone 's usb storage and sdcard contents if it does . hope it will help you . .
i do not know how to make the setting stick , but if you are using ics you can easily disable the samsung calendar app - so it will act as if it is uninstalled . you can disable it by clicking the disable button on the app settings page - just above the disable notifications checkbox . once this is done , reboot your device and it will act as if that app is no longer installed !
according to androidcentral and these xda posts , the photon 4g is specifically made to prevent access to at and t or t-mobile and an unlock code will not do anything . presumably so that if you are in the us and do not need to roam away from sprint , you can not switch away from sprint . the limitation does not appear to have been hacked around yet .
if you use the swype keyboard , holding the space key gives you a tab . smart keyboard pro also has tab , press ?123 twice for it . reference : http://androidforums.com/android-applications/151563-softkeyboard-tab-key.html
problem solved . i cleared the cache . to do this i restarted the phone into the bootloader by pressing and holding the power button and down volume key . i then selected recovery . from the next screen i selected wipe cache partition .
i found that number saver is the closest to a solution . it adds an icon to the notification area when on call and will even automatically switch to speakers when run during a call
it looks like there is an issue with the exchange server certificates and froyo . i have found a few others with the same issue : exchange 2007 does not work after ota 2.2 update android 2.2 , frf91 now active-sync is unable to connect to server , all was fine on android 2.1 those links have several workarounds that might solve your problem as long as you can get your it team to help figure out what is going on . i have seen several people mention the the touchdown ( appbrain link ) app is not having any problems . touchdown is an alternative to the built-in exchange sync . it might be the easiest solution for you - though it is a paid app - $19.99 as of right now . qr code for the app market :
no , do not try to do this , or you will brick your device . shv-e160l and gt-n7000 have completely different processors ( qualcomm snapdragon apq8060 for shv-e160l , and samsung s5pc210 for gt-n7000 ) ; e.g. , see this comparison . there are some custom roms for shv-e160l in the xda-developers section for at and t samsung galaxy note i717 ( this device is closer to shv-e160l , but also not 100% compatible , so look carefully and use only roms which are made for shv-e160l ) .
it sounds to me like alkido 1.1 was bundled on your device as a system app . to remove a system app , you need root . there are two ways to address this easily , i would prefer #1 myself . method 1 uninstall alkido 2.0 . install titanium backup . run titanium and wait for it to load your app list . go to the app list and long-press on alkido 1.1 . choose " integrate with market " or similar . go to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications , find the market , and clear the data for it . open the market , go to your apps , and update alkido . if that does not work or you do not want to bother keeping alkido as a system app : method 2 install titanium . run titanium , long-press on alkido 1.1 . choose " uninstall " or similar . you should not need the " hack " version of uninstalling that it mentions , but you can try that if the regular uninstall does not work . alkido 2.0 will be unaffected if you did not uninstall it in method 1 .
i have an s4 ( build number i9505xxubmga ) using the nova launcher . however , i have changed to the stock launcher , and testing your scenario . my apps are sorted alpabetically ( view type > alphabetical grid ) . so , i created 4 different folders that would be strategically placed in different pages . in edit mode , i dragged 1 app to the every edge of the screen , and it moved to the next page . i looked for the folder and dropped it there . success ! : ) the key here is to drag it to the very edge of the screen . you will see a blue vertical line show up once you get to the very edge . again , do not just move it within the page . move it to the very edge .
you can use switchme if you have root , which i believe does all you ask
after connecting via usb and receive the message " connecting as installer " on your phone 's screen , make sure you are phone is not on the lock-screen and swipe down from the top ( or at least on my verizon device ) you can access " usb pc connection " settings under the " ongoing " tab . check one of two options , mtp or ptp . this would be the same pull-down where you would quickly alter various settings , view downloads and be able to link to recent notifications . this will effectively switch out of installer mode so that you can access your phone 's directory and that of any sub sequential micro sd card . hope this helps .
the official sony answer for my question ( i did not alter it ) : in regard to your question about if the smartwatch that you purchased if can be use with any regular blueatooth headset and im going to use the same example that you put the samsung bluetooth headset , it might be compatible but is not warranty that is going to work with every single fuction of it do to the fact that the smartwatch is build to work with sony devices .
specific solution for my problem is to install rescan sd application from market and launch it after uploading music through webdav .
i am pretty sure it is just that the app is buggy . push messages have never worked right for me either . the latest version of the facebook app ( released in the last week or two ) is better , but not perfect .
i do not know whether tasker can meanwhile handle that itself , but it is at least doable with the right plugin . there is e.g. locale nfc plugin which could fill this gap . alternatives exist as well , like a modified version of anytag , which is used e.g. in this tutorial . for more examples , tutorials , and possibilities , i recommend a googlefu , ahem , search for " tasker nfc " , which brings up a lot of tuts and even youtube videos explaining different magical things to achieve this way .
i had faced the same problem myself . system settings > device > accessibility > services . something in there is set to on . switch it to off and you will be ok . i had the same problem because i had an application set to on . instant fix !
all ota updates reset file permissions , so you will lose root unless you take special precautions . install ota rootkeeper and make a backup of your su executable before applying this update . you will be able to restore your root once update is finished . obviously , since this is an incremental update , you need to have a stock nexus rom . if you deleted or altered some system files , update may fail . i used galaxy nexus toolkit to apply these updates , worked ok for me ( and i kept my root ) .
all the methods you have tried , and the ones i have been reading for the past hour , exploit a circuit " bump " that should not even happen in the first place . if they do not work with your phone , be happy , your phone is not suffering from further defects . some i am referencing are : plug your phone to your computer using the usb cable . remove and add the battery several times to make the phone start booting : this video or this video . gently flick ( tap ) the back of the phone , right under the lens , with a finger . what you should actually do is to repair the phone , it costs a certain amount , but at least you get the problem fixed by professionals and can take preventive measures to prevent this from happening again . to repair , you can use nexus s power button repair or other near you . as a preventive measure , to avoid degrading the power button , you can use an app to lock/unlock the phone . with it , you will give less use to your power button , and in turn it may last longer . even if it gets broken again , with an app , you still have alternative methods of controlling your phone ( lock/unlock ) . fix broken power button by destil available from google play store . note : an app installed on your phone cannot power it on . so , if the power button breaks again , be sure to not let your phone 's battery get empty .
found it myself : k-9 mail @ google play
the most frequently used site for downloading google 's proprietary bits is goo . im ( formerly goo-inside . me ) . however it can be a little confusing as it list all version so i recommend you check out this rootzwiki page as it list the recommended versions as well as the changelogs .
after hours of searching on the net and string of emails with the customer care i received a call from a member claiming to be from the technical team . the end result of the call was that there is no hdmi setting in the settings panel and the only way to display content on to the tv using hdmi is through the stock " vortex " player , which basically has no options than to change volume , display mode and the tracker . i could not find any info on this player 's version or if there is any update for it that could help . also my search for some effective alternative like realhdmi for droidx almost has hit a dead end . marking this as answered to serve as information source for people who buy this product and hope i might receive some effective alternatives in the future .
android has " partial " support for ipv6 , which basically means there is some code for it but it does not really work yet . check this google thread for more info .
well , i tried " business calendar " which seems a lot less flaky and is free , so i guess the answer is to switch to another calendar application .
i asked google . this was their response . thanks for writing in . i understand you would like to know how to choose what account in app purchases are billed to . i apologize for any frustration this has caused . when you go to make an in app purchase the purchase is going to be billed to what ever account was used to download the app the purchase is going through .
i had the same issue . found this solution on another site : open " settings " app go to " sim card manager " tap on " data service network " choose the sim as the data sim note that only the first sim slot supports 3g internet . so if you want to use 3g you must plug your 3g sim in the first slot .
some phones ' partitions have a separate partition for the kernel ( often called " boot" ) that is separate from the one that holds /system . unzip the cynanogenmod update . zip - there should be a boot . img inside . if you have fastboot and know how to use it , you can flash boot . img with ./fastboot flash boot /path/to/boot.img ( you will need to be s-off for this ; sounds like you are . ) another option is to go back to stock and flash cm again . if you are flashing cm over top of itself you may be able to get away without wiping /data ( you may still want to wipe /cache )
hay it is a simple problem to encounter , go to settings reset the system do not forget to backup your important data before doing so .
engadget has just reported that the nexus s is having issues with random reboots ( http://www.engadget.com/2011/02/15/nexus-s-suffering-from-random-data-loss-reboots/ ) and apparently fixes are coming . to see the log you can get the following app : alogcat
in short , never ever back up system apps and settings from one handset and restore to another , that is exactly what happens ! : ) mismatches with system app 's key signature conflicts with another 's rom 's key signature , and variants of settings as well may not exist on the other , all of those can lead to breakages such as what the op is experiencing . the only way to get that back , is to perform a factory reset to restore everything back to its original state .
as far as i know , swype only comes in two sets : full ( all languages ) and a english/spanish set . however , there is a hidden feature : you can swype from the swype key to the q key to switch between your current language and the last language you used .
so far only honeycomb is a tablet-only version . other versions are used on phones , tablets and other devices ( tvs , android-x86 etc . ) .
it is funny you ask this since gmail just came out today with functionality that allows for different ringtones to be set for different labels ( using custom label notifications . ) this might not be perfect since you would need to specify a label per contact to make it work , but it could serve your needs .
unfortunately to this moment google not provide such feature to list all our reviews and ratings from google play . but there is method to search all of ours reviews by typing to google . com phrase : inurl:https://play.google.com/store/apps/details +"John Doe"  where john doe is our name we use in google+ , but of course this name should be unique .
if the developer do not give you access to the ( web ) settings of the webview , you will not be able to disable javascript in the webview .
three methods available , depending from where are you accessing google : google play app usually uses the language defined on your device settings : tap your device " home" ; tap " settings" ; locate " language and keyboard " and tap ; under " select language " you can define the language for your device that is also used by the google play app as to present you the information on your language . accessing from a browser : the google play store sets the language by your ip address , you can update that definition by changing it at the footer ( it will persist ) : for all google products : from gmail , you can access your account settings and set the language that you prefer for google products : login to your gmail account ; on the top right corner , click " account" ; on the left vertical menu , click " language " .
some vendors set up their phones to reinstall system applications at boot in case they go missing . try finding a directory that contains a copy of the apk that is used to reinstall it , and delete it from there . a simple alternative solution is to freeze the unwanted apps rather than uninstalling them . titanium backup and link2sd can help you with that ( both require root ) . in ics+ , there is also a user-accessible mechanism to deactivate apps from the settings menu .
sounds like you are stuck in a bootloop . if you backed up your phone before you flashed the release , reflash that image . if not . . . well try reflashing the rom release . if this still does not work , flash an older version of cyanogenmod , or your phones stock , factory rom .
a locked bootloader means that you will not be able to install software updates ( or flash recoveries , roms ) that has not been signed by the manufacturer/carrier . so the answer is " yes , you can flash an unsigned rom but it will not get loaded by the locked bootloader " .
currently , you can side load the flash player on a 4.1 device . meaning you have to download the apk file and install directly from the device , or with adb . there is no guarantee that flash will work at all in the future . not only is adobe dropping flash support for android 4.1 , no new installs for any version of android will be allowed for the flash player app from google play after august 15th . i hope that this actually means that adobe is moving closer to making flash " export " to something that modern browsers can all run , like using the html5 canvas . flash on android has always been pretty limited . it is only real use was for playing flash video , anything else i ever tried to use it with was buggy and laggy .
open the google-maps application . select an area you want to save the map for . once the red pin appears you will have the street name at the bottom of the screen and the ' route ' icon . swipe this white box upwards . one of the options is Save map to use offline
the apk file is also generated in the bin folder of the project after running the app at least once . i have copied the apk file from the bin folder and installed it successfully on three different phones without any problem both copying directly on phone memory or sending it via email .
i did some research and was not able to find any way to do this on a stock device . however here is a link for you root users that allows you to remove the stock emoticons and replace them with standard ones , i am sure it will let you do other emoticons as well .
install avast . enter its firewall section ( requires root access to work ) and allow/deny apps in roaming column ( wi-fi and home cell access will be untouched ) . avast 's firewall provides two modes : block selected and allow selected . choose any as per your requirement . use my data manager if you want to track data usage of individual apps . it has dedicated roaming section . it can help you in creating firewall rules or lowering data usage of important apps .
root will not be necessary , the android api allows apps to set the output file format to . mp4 . so you just need to find an app that makes use of it . but , as with most video file extensions , .avi and .mp4 are just container formats . therefore the actually used video codec , that is responsible for the quality of the video , is not changed by changing the container format . the android api itself recommends to use .3gp as container format for better compatibility . using an mpeg-4 container format may confuse some desktop players . source i am not aware of an android video recording app that actually saves the video with h . 264/avc compression . i think that this is because of the royalty fee one has to pay to use the codec .
you can use an app called clocksync , which fetches time from ntp servers and updates the device 's date and time . rooted users can make this app to update time at configurable interval .
here are a few ways to do it on a samsung galaxy s . drag down from the notification area . wi-fi on/off is one of the controls . long press on the home screen , select widgets then select Power Control . this widget also has a wi-fi on/off control . long press on the home screen , select Shortcuts , then Activities , expand Settings in the list that is displayed , then select Wi-fi settings . this will take you directly to the page with the list of available wi-fi networks . hopefully one of these will help .
short answer : you can only install roms compatible with your device longer version different android devices use different hardware , which requires special drivers ( e . g . the camera ) . those drivers are sometimes/often proprietary ( take e.g. sony , which almost made it into the aosp project -- but had difficulties due to those proprietary parts and thus had to back-out again : aosp only allows for non-proprietary , open source code , like its name suggests : android open source project ) . installing an incompatible rom , in the best case , makes components of your device unavailable ( they are simply not working ) . in the worst case , you might " brick " it ( it will not even start up ) . you might want to check the question where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ? to find roms compatible with your device . most times , there are several choices available to meet the user 's requirements : less " bloatware " but more performance , more fancy stuff , custom enhancements . . . so you still can make your pick . other recommended readings on this topic : are the custom rom different for different phones ? is there an official android “google” rom ?
i believe if you uninstall the last . fm app , then use the voice action " listen to . . " , a pop up should show asking which of the default players listed here , will show up and be used . if however , you had prefer the default in-built player to play , use listen to or the app choice dialer , available in both free and paid versions in the market .
when unofficially modifying your phone , nothing is safe . . . but if others say it worked , give it a shot . just keep in mind that anything can go wrong , so back up your data and have a plan b for recovering your system . edit : plan b ( how to recover your phone ) : recovery software : http://www.archos.com/faq/index.php?action=artikelcat=120id=301 stock rom : http://update.archos.com/afmv1/storage//files/full/a40ti/20130922.101129/ota972121_8916_v007049.zip
i have used dolphin hd for some time now , but every time i try to compare its features with dolphin mini i get frustrated , there is no clear documentation everywhere . that said , dolphin mini is a version of the browser that is optimized for velocity and reduced resources use , so i came to the conclusion that dolphin hd is the right path to go if you have a terminal with decent resources ( 700mhz o more powerfull processor , 512mb of ram or more , 800x400 resolution , etc . . . . ) while the mini version is here to that ones that do not have this kind of terminals or that prefer a more faster browser even at the cost of missing some features . so with the two versions being free i choose dolphin hd if the terminal is powerfull enough to allow you to maintain 3 or more tabs open an user flash .
i have set my phone to english ( united states ) , but then i also customized date and time to use italian format ( dd/mm/yyyy ) . numbers do not seem to be customizable , plus some apps ignore date and time settings and use the ones from the main language , or allow to specify a format .
if the developer keeps releasing updates to the app as the same packagename and you already purchased the application previously , then should receive updates for the application for free . e.g. if you went and purchased my app then you should get updates so long as i keep updating this specific packagename of the app : net.mandaria.cardashboardpro however , i could at some point in the future decide that i want more money for the application and release a newer version of the application under a new packagename : net.mandaria.cardashboarddeluxe you would not get a free update to this app , even if it is technically the same application , i have chosen to release it as a separate app in the eyes of the android market ( which determines two applications to be different solely by their package name ) . however , i could still charge you for more money by including ( optional ? ) in-app purchases or subscriptions that did not previously exist without changing the package name . carrying the same example , i could still use net.mandaria.cardashboardpro but have an in-app purchase for the " deluxe " features . most developers will not do these things to users who have already purchased their application , but it is not impossible . once such example of a developer trying to charge for a newer version of his application was psx4droid . the backlash was so vicious from his users that he went back and updated the older ( version 1 ) of his app to the newer version ( version 2 ) . he now has to maintain three versions because of this ( version 1 and 2 , plus a free version ) instead of two . talk about a developer headache . so ultimately it depends on what the developer decides to do . in the majority of cases , the developer will keep supporting the same app and you receive the latest updates for free after your purchase .
there is sleep bot tracker log and sleep logger . they do not seem to directly connect to google health , but they let you export data ( one does csv , the other does not specify ) .
i just did this ! /data/property/persist.sys.dalvik.vm.lib is a textfile containing one of two values : ' libart . so ' or ' libdvm . so ' . you can change from art to dalvik simply by editing this file . ex : adb shell ' echo libdvm . so > /data/property/persist . sys . dalvik . vm . lib '
unfortunately i do not think there is any way for a user of an app to do that , i am pretty sure it would require the developer to add that extra " intent " as an option to their app before it could appear in that app chooser box . there are apps that specialize in this behaviour though , and should appear as options in the app chooser box for web links : inbrowser is " a fully featured incognito/private browsing experience " , which should appear in that list of browsers and work as an incognito browser . incognito browser " automatically operates in incognito or private browsing mode "
is it a google apps account ? if so , you need to flick some settings in the domain manager : Settings-&gt;Calendar-&gt;Share all information and/or Share all information, and outsiders can change calendars . have you tried going into the calendar settings and checking `share this calendar with others ' ? wait a while . google calendar settings changes often take a while to propagate , i have found ( at least with google apps ) . possibly because the server i am making my changes on is different from the server that my phone is hitting up .
i browsed a bit on android market and then i pushed another file from the zip downloaded . it is named MarketUpdater.apk . that is what updates the market to play store ! tried starting from scratch and pushed market updater too ! so it was play store right when it sat in .
you may be talking about button savior , but even if not , this app allows you to trigger click on your phone buttons : relevant features with or without root simulates : home key power key volume key camera key call key
from the reviews on that app , it sounds like they are doing part of it in their app , and part of it by sending you to the website . this may well be two separate authentications . the official google docs app is now part of google drive , have you tried that to see if it works more how you had want ? it does not ask me for any authentication when i use it .
swiftkey stores personalized predictions in the sd card but probabily in a hidden file . in order to change your predictions i think you should reset your typing data under advanced in the app . afterwards , you have to re-teach your expressions ( 3-4 times the same words ) . hope this helps
it was removed because it is total placebo these days . i wrote it for dealing with the silly things that happen when we used to put apps on sd before android supported it . since then , it is been something of a sugar pill that magically fixes all problems without actually doing anything . ( taken from the commit history , posted by steve kondik )
how much more /data space does ics need in comparison to gb ? easy answer : the same . 3rd party installed apps need as much storage on both gb and ics and maybe ics ' internal apps need a little more storage , but that is negligible . most often it is just the user apps that grow bigger and bigger by time ( with bigger devices . it is the same with bloated websites as connection speeds grow ) . i have installed ics on all of my current devices and can say that it is not a big difference . i typically need 400-800mb with some games ( maxpayne , gta3 , etc . ) and consider myself a medium-to-power user ( with number of apps installed ) . so i guess , you need around 80-100mb for the minimal stuff ( maybe less ) and on top of this all that you want to install . i think the comfort zone starts at 250mb if you move apps to the sdcard and 500-750mb if you will not .
this link helped me to flash a rom image . as an additional benefit , this rom seems to be faster than micromax 's original rom and also claims to support a list of 3g dongles . the previous ( i.e. . original ) rom i had did not support reliance and bsnl 's 3g dongles . as in a settings menu the following dongles are supported ( i have not got any 3g dongle to test ) : wcdma : huawei ( e230 , e176g , e160e , 182g , e1782 , e1750 umg1691 ) , zte ( mf633bp-1 , mf633 , mf637u ) cdma2000/evdo : huawei ( e150 , ec1261 , ec122 , ec156 , ec1270 ) , zte ( ac580 , ac2736 , ac2746 ) after re flashing , i installed clockworkmod recovery as per this link as well .
the best solution for you would be to use smart connect liveware™ mgr . as you can see , you can set actions to start when you plug a device ( headset , hdmi , charger , etc . ) and actions to start when you unplug the device . i have a setting to start playing music when i connect my headphones and stop playing when i remove it . there are many things you can do with this . the best part is that you can manage your music with your own music app ! simply create an event for actions to be done upon the connection pf a headphone and forget this app ! this was originally developed for sony xperia handsets . but should work with any , which has a good hardware configuration ( src ) and an os higher that ics ( which you already have ) .
this turned out to be a hardware issue . i had two relatively pleasant conversations with tech support at google play and asus . since it was a new purchase i just returned it .
htc used to have a copy of the linux binary , but they changed their developers portal and now i can not find that one anymore , either . the only other pre-compiled version i have been able to find is here ( link originated from this thread on droidforums .net, which also has a link to a pre-compiled osx binary ) . i checked with readelf on my linux vm and it looks like it is a 64-bit binary , so i have also uploaded a 32-bit version to my dropbox public folder , and it can be downloaded here . this is the binary i use on my machine , which i believe i got from the aforementioned htc site that is now missing . aside from that , you can compile android from source to get it . . . but that is kind of a terrible solution for a single small binary file .
no one has answered my question , so i will share what i have learned with my own investigation . no , you have to uninstall updates from the manage apps menu selection from the home screen . i am currently doing this as a workaround . i did not find a way to email google and get an answer , but i did find their forums . the related question on their forums is at http://www.google.com/support/forum/p/google+mobile/thread?tid=0d337324bcc86a55hl=enfid=0d337324bcc86a550004b349bee9f864 there has been particiption in the discussion from a google employee , which is a good sign . also , version 6.0.0 is an improvement of 5.12.0 , but still not as good as 5.8.0 .
try flashing the recovery image manually via fastboot , as described in this guide : download the latest version of the clockworkmod recovery from here . place the clockworkmod recovery image in the same folder as fastboot ( the /tools folder with the android sdk folder ) . power the nexus s down , and hold volume up and the power button until booted into the bootloader . you should see a white screen with three skating androids . connect the nexus s to the computer via usb . on the computer , open terminal and run : fastboot flash recovery recovery-clockwork-5.0.2.0-crespo.img the clockworkmod recovery should now be installed on the nexus s .
i ran across this by accident , but it is exactly what i was after ! hope it helps others . https://market.android.com/account and the orders tab
tunein radio has channels for bbc radio , other radio streaming apps probably have them too . tunein is a good app , the pro version even lets you record . i am not sure what other features the pro has over the lite version , but i use tunein daily .
i use tversity to stream to my android device , logitech revue , original xbox , xbox 360 , etc . tversity can transcode the video on the fly . i have , in the past , been able to get matroska container files to play , but not always and with varying results . sometime they do not play at all , sometime they played fine , and sometimes they play , but the video is choppy and out of sync with the audio . being able to stream the video to your android device will depend on the video codec used to encode the video . if the device does not support the codec , it will not play . afaik , android , out of the box , does not support the matroska container , actually , there are a lot of formats that android does not support . using something like tversity on your " media server " allows you to transcode these videos in a format that the device will understand , and can play .
archos deals with a special usb host cable for usb otg . perhaps you need it .
there are several versions uploaded to the play store . i cannot personally attest to the safety or nature of them , but they generally all claim to be " pulled from the sdk " or similar . one exception is that i do recall trying the one named " android 2.3 launcher ( home ) " briefly in the past and it worked fine and was not doing anything shady ( it is review average is ~4.2 stars at the moment ) .
there is a special permission for Google Billing ( technical name : com.android.vending.BILLING ) , which is required if the app wants to use google 's billing system . so if this permission is requested by an app , it most likely uses some in-app-payment ( why else should it request this permission ) . however : the absence of this permission does not necessarily mean there is no in-app-payment used with an app , as there are other means of accomplishing the like ( e . g . premium sms , or calls to some premium numbers ) . but if an app requests neither to send sms , make calls , access the internet , nor google billing , i know of no way it could accomplish in-app-billing without the user really actively doing something , like buying a gift-card and entering the code .
first , in the facebook app , under its settings , enable synchronization for all contacts . open up your contact list and select the google contact you would like to merge . then push the menu button and select " edit contact " . then hit the menu button one more time and select " join " . choose which contact you would like to merge it with and you should be good to go .
that feature does not exist , the only thing i could suggest is to submit a feature request on the android issues tracker .
this is the firmware for your device 's original software ( v . 1.0.1 ) . simply download and save to the micro sd card and use it to flash your nook . voila ! job well done . the xda page chahk posted is an excellent resource and reassuring , stating that it keep in mind that the nook is really hard to brick . by that , i mean almost impossible . so there you go ! good luck !
i have used this app in the past to edit my tags audiotaggerfree
according to this review pocket-lint : kingston wi-drive review : you are also able to access the files on the wi-drive on a pc or mac by visiting it is ip address in your web browser . this , again , allows you to play any files that are supported in your web browser . mp3s , for example , play fine , but you might struggle more with video files . you can also connect to the kingston as a regular network drive . we were able to view it as if it was any network attached storage device . that means we could also copy files over wirelessly too . this suggests that , the kingston at least , supports something like smb ( the windows file-sharing protocol ) . many android apps let you connect to an smb shared drive to copy files on or off , i use file manager to copy files from my windows machines to my phone/tablet this way , and i am pretty sure astro supports it too . to do this from your app , you just need to include smb file access support in your andoird app . how to do that is off-topic for this site , as that is a developer question .
fixed by downgrading to " ginger bread " , re-calibrate horizontal accelerometer and then re-update to jelly bean
that is normal behaviour for the sim card phone book , not just for android , but on older dumbphones too . i remember my old nokia 3310 took about a minute after booting before the phone book ( and other sim card functions ) became available . the problem was not really noticeable on early android phones because they took so long to boot anyway . while the phones are a lot quicker now , the sim cards are still the same old technology . if you want to get at them more quickly , either leave your phone turned on , or copy them to the device .
try bluetooth tethering instead . benefits : consumes less power , you can leave bluetooth enabled 24/7 . works out of the box . drawback : bt 2.1 may cap your maximum umts speed ( usually not an issue on the go ) . there are two profiles for this to tether via bluetooth : bluetooth pan : supported by android 3.0+ out of the box . see wikipedia entry for more info on pan profile . bluetooth dun : needs 3rd party app like bluevpn ( ics version here ) . see wikipedia entry for more info on dun profile . stock android 3.0+ and custom roms like cm should support bluetooth pan . your nokia e71 supports only dun profile ( archos users can enjoy added dun support out of the box however ) .
sms gateway from the android store does exactly what you want . periodically checks for e-mails via pop3 and send them via sms . send sms by http get request on its internal webserver . forward received sms to desired e-mail via smtp . forward received sms by calling remote webserver via http get .
your phone ( karbonn a10 ) does not have storage space available . it has 512 mb available only for the system and the applications binaries ( and their data ) . you can not store media files or any file that applications want to put on a sdcard on this memory . so , for this phone , you need a sdcard for all functions to work . ( but it is not true for all android phones )
no , build number rarely matters . the main reason to note the build number is because of the baseband - but i normally take no notice of the build number .
no , the android emulator does not emulate specific socs such as tegra 2 , and it does not support nvidia 's instruction set extensions .
play store purchases are refundable under a 15 minute window . under that window , if the user does not like the app and wants a refund , using play store to refund the purchase will end in the user receiving back the purchase amount and the app being uninstalled from the device . is it possible , under the refund window , to copy a paid app to the external storage for example and then once refunded , install it from there . i am no app developer but i know some apps that despite doing this , they check somehow the purchase via play store and in this case , since the user has not bought the app ( it did a refund ) , the app will not work as if it was purchased . in this example the app has a free and paid version , so the paid version has more features but since the user did not paid for that , it gets the free ( despite having the full installed ) .
here 's some advice for moving between any two android roms that will serve you well : first , do a full nandroid backup if you are not feeling completely confident . you can do this in cwm recovery , or via adb ( android debug bridge ) . this will create an " image " of your entire device . now that you are safe from screwing anything up beyond repair , go ahead and use titaniumbackup to backup all your system settings and your user apps ( i usually do not backup system apps as this might cause problems ) . backups will be saved on your /sdcard/ and will not disappear when you wipe . ( before this step , make sure you have the rom zip files on your sdcard , otherwise you will have to add them via adb ) go into cwm recovery and wipe your device ( cache and data ) . remember , /sdcard/ is still fine . now install your shiny new rom . when you have booted your new rom , install titaniumbackup first of all . it will recognize that there is already titaniumbackup files on the sdcard ( from before ) , and you will be able to batch install your apps and restore system settings . some advice on restoring backups : be conservative . start by restoring apps without user data , as old data may break the app . if somethings missing and it annoys you , restore that app only with data . same goes for restoring system settings , deselect everything and just restore what you really want ( usually just wifi hotspots for me ) .
install sip user agents on both phones and pc . you can use sipdroid or csipsimple for android and a softphone program like x-lite on the pc . note that you need to set up local accounts when configuring the software . you can then call other parties on the local network directly by their ip:port . if you do not want that , you need to install a full blown voip proxy like asterisk .
you basically answered the question . a widget is a ' view ' on an application that will update and can be embedded in apps like the home screen . a ' program ' in the home screen sense is a static link to an full-screen application startup . see the first para of the android developer docs for more details about what a widget is : http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/appwidgets/index.html
does the in built-in backup service work ? yes . but maybe not how you expect/want . as you mentioned apps need to ' opt in ' to backup data and most apps do not actually use this . i am only aware of a couple that do . as far as i know , the backed up data is only actually restore to a device when the device is initially set up , not when you install an app from the play store that you have previously used ( i could be wrong on this though ) . google recently launched a way for games to sync progress between devices which more apps seem to be using and are publicising this more . helium and adb backup work differently in that they backup the data stored on the device and do not require opt in . helium uses the adb backup method so essentially they work the same way ( although it does not require a pc to perform the backup ) . titanium backup backs up the apk and the appropriate ' data ' folder ( not the folder on your sd card by default ) and again this does not require any opt in from the app developer . personally i use titanium backup as it was the only option when i first rooted my first phone . i have not used helium so can not say if it is better/worse . when i have used adb backup ( not via helium ) it took a long time to backup/restore but it does work quite well .
google+ instant upload offers a setting to allow uploads only when the charger is connected . facebook 's instant photo upload does not offer such an option . the gallery is linked to your google account and thus to picasaweb . however , there is no option within the gallery app to restrict data transfer only when the charger is connected . carbonite recently started offering a mobile app , and that includes backing up photos and videos . it offers an option to use battery or not for when uploading . so google+ or carbonite mobile are your choices . ( at least from the photo auto-upload services i am aware of . )
since your device is pretty new there is almost no way it is actually the battery ( unless it is a defective battery ) . it is probably a rouge application . try turning off your device and turning it back on . you should try to reboot your device at least once a week , it will clean up any memory leaks and will help keep system applications from crashing . if restarting does not help , then let the battery die all of the way ; then , let the device charge all the way before turning it on . if you are still having problems then it is either a system app that is getting hung up on something and hogging cpu , or it is a defective battery . you can check how much battery each application is sucking up by going to : settings --> battery information --> battery use that is where it is on my phone at least , it should be in a similar location for you as well . in the case of a defective battery , as long as you have not tampered with the device at all , it is covered under your warranty with the manufacturer . just bring it back to your mobile carrier store and they should be able to handle it for you with no problems . edit : you can use a task killer to kill a rouge process on android . a rouge process could eat up battery especially if it is doing things like using wifi . i had this one development phone that i would charge , and then it would be in my pocket and it would start burning my leg because it would get so hot . it was a rouge system app that was constantly getting stuck in some sort of network loop whenever i was connected to wifi . i usually just restarted my phone , but i would on occasion just kill it with a task manager . here is ( in my opinion ) the best task killer on the market ( for free ) : memory booster - ram optimizer a restart about once a week will keep your phone functioning correctly . this will also clean up any possible memory leaks as well . you should not use a task killer to end an app that is not hogging cpu , android should take care of all of that stuff for you . friends do not let other friends use task killers .
pure calendar widget ( not free ) has an option for how many days ahead to show calendar/task entries for . there is an option for 2 days that would suit your needs perfectly . note that you will need a supported app to sync the tasks from google ( gtasks , astrid , etc . ) see the list of supported task apps here .
you can install the wifi keyboard app from android market . a good app , supports both usb and wifi input . you need to follow information carefully , to get work around .
try nova launcher from the play store . you can import your old home screen pretty easily and it allows you to " infinite scroll " . press Menu on the home screen > press Nova Settings > press Desktop > check Infinite Scroll
currently xperia phones with newer erom , bootloaders can not be unlocked via the above mentioned test point method . got the information from http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=30675295postcount=108
in a way , the answer is yes . although , i would not consider any of the sites where you would get the rom from to be " official " . what you need to do is download odin3 ( or hemidal ) and use that tool to flash the stock rom on the device . doing so will most likely require you to completely wipe the device to factory state . i found a couple sites that do have the stock firmware , but i do not want to link to the rom directly for a couple reasons . one , i do not know the legality of linking to a the stock firmware and if the file is no longer valid in the future , i do not want this post to be " out of date " . if you google " flash i9000 odin stock " you will likely find a couple different sources that have the files needed to flash back stock . when i did this , the first site had the 2.3 xxjvu release for the i9000 , and the . pit file ( which is also required when going back to stock , and the drivers . it also is a tutorial on how to flash it .
no . both versions of the nexus 7 use ips lcd displays , which are not vulnerable to burn-in or other detrimental effects from displaying a fixed graphic . burn-in in currently used display technologies is a problem limited to organic light emitting diode ( oled ) displays , such as those used on the samsung galaxy s3 and s4 . the electroluminescent compounds used to make these displays degrade as they are used ( resulting in reduced brightness over time ) , thus displaying a fixed graphic will result in some parts of the screen wearing at a different rate than other parts . compounding this issue is that different colours of oled degrade at different rates ( blue degrades fastest , followed by green , then red ) . here 's an example of what this looks like . the burned-in sections will be permanently darker than the rest of the screen .
try rebooting the phone after re-inserting the sd card . some older launchers ( e . g . eclair stock ) simply do not refresh their app drawer when you re-insert the sd card , even though the apps are re-mounted . you can check that the apps are indeed back by going to Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications and seeing if the " missing " apps are listed there . if so , a reboot will fix it . alternatively , you can simply restart the launcher app by going to Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications then scrolling down to " launcher " and tapping on it , and then tapping on the " force close " button . now if you press the home key , the launcher will restart and should have all the apps back .
yes you can ! check up this answer about talkatone here , it is based on google voice . the sound -quality is not the best but i like the idea that i actually need just a wifi to make cheap international calls . i have actually replaced my landline/mobile/local -phones vith google-voice because it is much more convenient to pay to it through credit card and much more convient than carrying a massive amount of prepaid/post-paid -cards when travelling-or-just-living-well-and-free-etc , highly recommended tool indeed ! talkatone in ipad is a killer , a bit like facetime but integrated to facebook and probaly to other services in the future . talkatone in android is similar , good integration so saving time in toning all contacts from google contacts , fb contacts , etc . if you are a buz , you can imagine how much time this will save -- you need less to worry about crazy international -phone charges and you can actually drop out mobile-phone -contracts altogether , just charge employers with google wallet/voice ! talkatone has poor sound -quality because it wants to sell its premium service but if ads and a bit poorer sound quality do not matter , it has worked for me , nicely ( have not tried the premium -service ) . a good/bad side is that your number is some oddity but extremely good side is that you do not need to know the prefix with internatinal calls in using google voice , super convenient ! -sim-card ? -yes you do not need a sim -card to make international calls , just wifi . phone does not require sim -card , dot . victory : )
yes if you have previously set your current tablet to back up your data and settings to google 's servers , then during the initial setup of your new tablet you should be given an option to restore your previous settings and data . the settings that you need to check on your current tablet are in settings -> privacy settings . see below for more info on this from the official android 3.0 ( aka honeycomb ) user 's guide : page 13 backing up and restoring your data you can back up your settings and other data with your google account , so if you ever replace your tablet , you can restore your data on the new one . if you choose to use this service , your data is backed up automatically . if you previously used the backup service with the google account you just used to sign in , you can also choose to restore your settings from your google account to your tablet now . important if you want to restore your settings , you must do that now during setup . you can’t restore data after setup is complete . many kinds of data are backed up , including : your android settings , such as your wi-fi networks and passwords , user dictionary , and so on many google application settings , such as your browser bookmarks the apps you download from android market some third-party apps also make use of the backup service , so if you reinstall one , its settings and data are restored . page 132 privacy settings you use the privacy settings to manage whether your settings and other data are backed up to google servers , using your google account . you also use these settings to erase all the data on your tablet by performing a factory data reset . back up my data check to back up some of your personal data to google servers , with your google account . if you replace your tablet , you can restore the data you’ve backed up , the first time you sign in with your google account . if you check this option , a wide variety of your personal data is backed up , including your wi-fi passwords , browser bookmarks , a list of the applications you’ve installed from market , the words you’ve added to the user dictionary used by the onscreen keyboard , and most of the settings that you configure with the settings application . some third-party applications may also take advantage of this feature , so you can restore your data if you reinstall an application . if you uncheck this option , you stop backing up your data to your account , and any existing backups are deleted from google servers . backup account displays the google account that your settings and other data are backed up with . this is the account you need to sign into on a new android tablet or other device , if you want to restore the settings from this tablet to that device . automatic restore check this option to restore settings and other data when you reinstall an application . this feature requires that you are backing up your data with your google account and that the application is using the backup service . to wipe your current tablet ( after you have ensured that it is been backed up , from the same privacy screen you should also see this option : factory data reset opens a dialog where you can erase all of your personal data from internal tablet storage , including information about your google account , any other accounts , your system and application settings , any downloaded applications , as well as your music , photos , videos , and other files . if you reset the tablet in this way , the next time you turn on your tablet you’re prompted to reenter the same kind of information as when you first started android .
the android compatibility definition document for 2.2 says that “device implementations must support the android developer tools provided in the android sdk . ” any device which is not “compatible with android” according to this document is not going to have the google services , including the android market .
for non-rooted phones . up until 2.1 it is not possible . regular apps do not have the permission to perform full wipes or factory restores . i believe there are apps that erase your call/sms records and your contacts . starting with 2.2 , it seems google is granting limited root powers to apps that use device administration . it is supposedly a way for enterprises to policy their employee 's phones , and requires an extra confirmation by the owner . but i believe it could be used by anyone writing an app . in fact , the code for wiping seems so simple that i think you could write an open-source app yourself if you have some programming background . ; - ) for rooted phones . there are remote wipe apps , but i do not believe any of them is open source ( that i have heard of ) . remote wipe for root users is possibly the simplest one , and it is in the market , but i have never tried it myself . this app is no longer on the market .
no . what you are describing is something like the " hibernate " option you get on pcs . it would need support from the kernel and the userspace parts of android . since 4.2 , the boot process on android has been a lot faster on real devices , so typically it would be slower to boot from hibernation than to boot in the conventional way .
so , based on the comments above you do need a notification solution . the obvious one is just to turn off notifications for the email app , or to turn down the volume before you go to bed . you could also use an app like tasker to do the latter automatically based on profiles that you set . for example you can have it mute notifications when plugged in to charge : http://androidforums.com/1207528-post3.html
there are multiple solutions available : using an usb cable if you connect your device to your pc via an usb cable , it shares ( parts of ) its storage to the pc . with versions prior to android 4 . x your device usually identifies as usb storage ( like any external disk/usb-stick attached ) , never android versions might use mtp instead , which might require special drivers on your pc to be used . once connected , you can transfer files easily between pc and android device . using a card reader if your device features a slot for sd cards , you could simply remove the sd card from your device ( remember to unmount it first via the device 's setup menu ) , put it into a card reader , and attach it to the pc . it should then pop-up on your pc as " usb storage " as described above . wireless solutions ( browser-based ) there are a bunch of wireless solutions available -- and this is not the place to list them all . principially , you can install any ftp/web server , and configure it to offer the directories you wish to access . as this might be too complicated for many users , there are quite easy solutions . the probably most well-known is airdroid , which offers a nice interface to manage almost your entire device from your pc : as the example screenshot shows , a file browser is included -- and permits you to upload and download files to/from your device . a second example for an easy-to-use app would be wifi file transfer , which -- as the name suggests -- is specialized to transfer files via wifi : there are many more possibilities , just check the playstore . a good starting point are the playstore pages of the mentioned two examples , then lookup related apps . other wireless solutions there are many more wireless solutions available . as logos mentioned it in his comment , i will add some examples here for completeness : samba you can use apps like samba filesharing to turn your android device into a samba server . in short , samba ( or smb , or cifs ) is the protocol used by windows shares . linux also understands this protocol . using samba , one thus can access the android device 's file system ( without root , this will be restricted to the internal/external sd card ) like any samba-/windows share . webdav several apps like e.g. davdrive can share the android device 's storage via the webdav protocol . this works via http , but can also be accessed like a " shared drive " using the appropriate software on the pc . bluetooth do not forget that we also have this available -- at least on our android devices . but also keep in mind this is much slower than wifi . nevertheless , it can be facilitated using apps like bluetooth file transfer . ftp the file transfer protocol also is an option . there are several apps available turning an android device into an ftpserver . . . other solutions for completeness , let 's just name them in short : ssh server , web server , file synchronization tools ( like e.g. foldersync ) , and probably several other options i am currently unaware of . . .
phone usage is a great app that can monitor usage and do all of the following ! ( description on app page ) monitor your phone call , text and network data usage . ★★★★★ " loads of similar apps on the market , but this one beats them hands down . " ★ set limits on daily , weekly and monthly usage . ★ alerts when you break your usage limits . ★ widgets for calls , texts and data . ★ see which apps are using the most data . ★ see who you call the most . ★ see usage per hour , day , week and month .
you will need root access on your devices ( well , at least on the old one ) in order to copy the apps off it . once rooted , you can use a number of 3rd-party " backup " apps to save a copy of the apps to your sd card , copy it to your pc , and then side-load them onto your new phone . the one i use is titanium backup . root your original device . look at sites like xda-developers or rootzwiki for help with that . in titanium backup use the backup/restore functionality to backup the apps you need to the sd card . on the new phone also install titanium backup app , enable side-loading ( menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Unknown sources ) , and use the restore functionality to restore the apps . if you do not feel like installing a 3rd-party backup app , this can be done manually , although it is a lot more involved ( installing android sdk , usb drivers , using command prompt to find package names and copy the apks from old phone and installing them on the new one . )
yes , totally normal . this is the ui 's way of telling you that you have reached the edge .
yes , this is possible without apps . the icons on the lockscreen are the same ones that you chose for the home screen : here you see the icons i originally had on both screens : by changing the apps on my home screen adjacent to all apps , this change is mirrored on the lock screen : to change the icons adjacent to all apps on your home screen , long-press them until you can move them around then drop the old icons either into the trash can ( that appears when you long press ) or into a free space on another part of the home screen . you can then replace it with an icon of your choice .
accept the update , it does not charge you unless you subscribe to the premium package . aside from that , you could decompile the apk and remove the push notification for updates .
from what i can tell , this issue has been resolved with gingerbread 2.3.5 . i no longer have the issue with my device running gingerbread 2.3.5 ( actually i think cm7 is based on 2.3.7 now ) . from what i am seeing in the reported issue is other people are saying the same thing about it being fixed . i am not sure if your device has an update available or not though .
after you enter the starting point and destination , the app gives you the possible routes . on that screen the best route has a start navigation option ; selecting this causes the app to crash . instead select the route you prefer and then hit the start arrow at the bottom right corner . works for me .
for a fix open settings> apps go the all tab , swipe left 2x 's scroll down to samsung keyboard and tap it tap on force close , then ok tap on clear cache tap on clear data , then ok problem should be fixed ! ! ! google search keywords galaxy rugby keyboard typing wrong letters
most of the time when a unpacked and modified rom gets repacked , it will become unusable/unstable because it failed to get resigned with the proper key . you need to have the zip package resigned from the original firmware key . that is why you are experiencing those hiccups . also if any of the apps depend on libs and/or resouces , you would need to make sure they are in place as well - prior to repacking and resigning for a decent write up take a look at this : http://androiddomain.weebly.com/build-your-own-rom.html . this will show one of the proper ways of repackaging a rom .
this may be a symptom of the swype application data becoming corrupted following a hardware upgrade . to resolve this , go into settings > manage applications > all > swype and clear the application data . then force the swype service to restart .
i think i found the problem . i turned option off that lets use 3rd party apps internet connection as was recommended on one blog on power plan optimization on android .
adb shell ls -l /data/data command will get you the file and directory listing you are looking for . specifically for angry birds space , try adb pull com.rovio.angrybirdsspace.ads/files/highscores.lua C:\abs_highscores.lua
you probably will not be able to access much of your internal storage via the web browser . the url you mentioned , file:///sdcard/ , consists of two parts : the protocol ( file:// ) , and the path ( /sdcard/ ) . so basically , you just have to change the path accordingly . you can check with a file manager what the path to the desired destination is .
you can always perform a speed test and check for packet loss ( speedtest .net, pingtest ) alternatively , you can try calling the skype voice testing service which should be in your contacts from before , and if it isnt there the username is echo123 i belive .
this is because your phone is not rooted . by default , only the application itself can access files in /data/data/com.whatever , so that casual users do not edit the files and break the app . to see these files , you need to root the device and use a file explorer tool that can use root ( this is usually called a " root explorer " app or feature ) .
by far the easiest way to do this is to use firefox as your web browser everywhere , and then use firefox 's built in sync functionality . this will ( optionally ) sync not just your bookmarks , but also your history , your saved passwords and your preferences , and let you see the recent tabs you have had open on different machines . start by installing firefox for android , then on your pc go into firefox 's options , click the sync tab and run through the wizard to set up sync and the encryption key . then open firefox on your android device and you should see a prominent option to set up sync that will involve copying a short authentication code between your phone and pc copies of firefox . after that it will start pulling all of the info down from your pc to your phone ( you may want to make sure you are on wifi for this first sync ) . for a clearer guide , with pictures , see this page on the mozilla support site how do i sync firefox between my desktop and mobile ?
goggle drive gives you some security options regarding your documents : you can choose to encrypt all offline documents ( that is , documents stored on your device ) ; and can also choose to decrypt documents incrementally as they are streamed to your phone , by selecting the Streaming Decryption , thus having just a small portion of the document decrypted when accessing it . kinda like watching a compressed video . sadly enough could not find any official documentation to support my answer on google , but here 's some relevant links : access and edit files with google drive google drive - view files offline in the google drive android app
there are many available choices , depending on the features you need : cryptonite uses encfs and requires root luks also requires root and provides on-the-fly encryption ( aes by default ) to virtual folders eds provides encrypted containers and does not require root . it even is compatible to truecrypt . droidcrypt can encrypt single files or full directories . no root needed . encryption manager is a file manager providing file encryption support , and so is andisk filescrypter supports encrypted files and folders and many more . just check the examples , and take a look at the " also recommended " stuff on their market pages to find more .
the clock app is setting flags on its own fullscreen window that override the system default screen brightness , but this only affects that app 's window . see the source for deskclock . java the flags used are documented on the android developer site , in particular : float brightness_override_off value for screenbrightness and buttonbrightness indicating that the screen or button backlight brightness should be set to the lowest value when this window is in front . so , the deskclock is not using anything special to dim the screen , but it can only affect its own window .
system application are odexed , which means the code part it extracted and kept separate and also some crucial parts of the application are kept in framework . jar . if you want to copy your freshly-compiled application to your phone , you have to deodex it first , which restores the missing parts and only then you may replace /system/settings . apk with your new file . and , please , make sure you delete old /system/settings . odex file , otherwise it will not work . as usually , it is recommended to save old settings . apk/odex files just in case when something goes wrong .
thanks @eldarerathis the link to the video helped me get rid of it . to get rid of it , i had to double tap the " halo " and move to the x area just as you would when getting rid of apps from the launcher .
technically , you do not need root if you have an unlocked bootloader . even if it is locked , you do not need root , you just need an exploit to change the recovery to install cm9/cm10 . usually , the first thing that people do when an exploit is identified is " root " the device but flashing a different recovery and flashing a different rom is also possible . root happens first because there are little or no modifications that have to be made except put the su binaries on the device . the galaxy devices , from my experience is actually pretty easy to " restore to stock " if you so choose . it does require a little research to find the stock rom files and the use of odin ( or hemidall ) . once you have the stock files that can be used with odin , it is rather simple to restore to " stock " with cm9 and later , you do not have to have root enabled . on top of that , you can change that when ever you want . you can also specify if you only want to allow apps to have root access , only adb , or both .
odin is an internal samsung tool used for flashing firmware to their devices ( via download mode , bypassing recovery etc . ) . importantly , it also has the ability to repartition the device storage based on a . pit file , which can save you from softbricking ( when flashing goes wrong and recovery/the bootloader fail ) . it is not open source and to my knowledge they have not intentionally released it &mdash ; a few versions have been leaked . for what it is worth , i have used the version posted here without issue . heimdall , however , is open source and duplicates the functionality of odin . it claims to be more reliable as well , in addition to being cross-platform ( odin is windows-only ) . both tools appear to work best with galaxy s devices , so if you are using another device you probably want to ensure someone else has tried it and succeeded . another note is that they use . tar packages layed out differently than the normal update . zip format used by recovery and otas , so you need to get the proper package for it to work .
android does not have a distinction between " text fields " and " text areas " like html has . one control , called TextView ( or EditText , but they are both the same underlying control ) handles all text fields , whether they are editable or not , and whether they are one line or several . that is not to say that every text field behaves the same way . TextView gives the app the opportunity to set hints for the keyboard , to tell it what kind of text is being edited ( called the input type ) . one input type tells the keyboard that the text being entered is a search filter . the keyboard 's free to interpret these hints however it likes : in this case , google keyboard does not show any word completions/suggestions when the input type is a search filter . you can avoid this problem by using a different keyboard app which interprets the input type and other hints differently . for example , swiftkey shows word completions for search filters just like for normal text . ( i have just tested it on google search . ) swiftkey also supports gesture typing like the default keyboard . if you are interested , you can learn more about the different hints apps can give to the keyboard by playing with my app im prove . ( it is a free app with no ads , so all i get if you use it is a warm fuzzy feeling when you leave a good rating . ) with this app , you can set all the hints , and see what effect they have on your keyboard . you can compare different keyboards this way .
i am also a user of samsung galaxy s2 . mine is rooted but all the indicators of your phone are pointing to a hardware problem . there is most probably a short-circuit like instantaneous electric jumps inside the motherboard . most of your problems can be answered rationally by uncontrolled electric jumps . for instance plugging the usb cable ( namely a power source ) directly starts the phone , indicating that there is a short circuit which transfers the usb power to the power button of the phone whereas they should be insulated . when you power-off the phone , it restarts . this may be explained with a short-circuit of the phone 's battery with the power button . so on and so forth . . .
you should be able to just tether and while your phone is connected to the wifi network that connection should be used . if this is not the case turning off the mobile data should force it to use the wifi connection
do you have an app called " voice changer " installed ? i have read that it can cause this . also if you have google voice installed , do you have it set to " never dial with google voice " ? if those are not the cause , do you have any other " phone linking " apps or " sip dialers " etc , remove them and see if your issue stops .
this issue is fixed as of gmail 2.3.5.2 .
my first thought is for manual sync . ical import/export can export your events . the second step would be to import those events to google ( in google calendar -> other calendars -> import calendar ) . not tried it myself , but you get the idea .
the android issue tracker is located at http://b.android.com . you can report the issue there .
yes , android keeps one active connection to google 's servers , but it does not use much power or data , because no traffic is sent along it until something sends a gcm message to an app on your phone . there is only one connection on the phone , used by all apps : installing a new app that uses gcm does not add any extra load . the first step in gcm is that a third-party server ( such as an email server ) sends a request to google 's gcm server . this server then sends the message to your device , through that open connection . the android system looks at the message to determine which app it is for , and starts that app . the app must have registered with android to use gcm , and it must have the relevant permission . when the app starts , it might create a notification straight away with the data from the message . gcm messages are very limited in size , so the app might instead open a normal connection to the third-party server to get more information ( for example , downloading the headers of new emails ) . the advantage of using push notifications is that apps do not have to run at regular intervals to check for new data , saving both power and data . the advantage of having a centralized mechanism like gcm is that the device only needs one open network connection and the android gcm system is the only thing that needs to keep running , rather than each app having to stay running in the background to keep its own network connection to its own server .
have you thought about doing this over the air , rather than using a desktop client for the sync ? if you use outlook , presumably your company uses exchange for it is mail servers ? if so , and if they allow exchange active sync , and/or have outlook web access enabled , then you could sync your phone 's mail and calendar directly with them over the air . the built-in mail client can be used to connect directly with exchange , or there are third party alternative exchange clients like touchdown , moxier or k-9 mail
navigate to market , select menu > downloads and you will see the list of apps on your phone . notice the my rating section where you can star and comment on the app .
there is an alternative browser , skyfire , which purports to support at least some flash videos on android 2.1 . it should be available in the market .
this is a known " bug " with android ( it is probably intended behavior ) . the language , locale , and related settings are all linked and cannot be changed independently . google apparently decided that people who read italian want to see numbers for dates . i do not believe this was changed in 2.3-gingerbread so i guess there is no fix yet : (
barsent . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . weird name , i know right ! barsent is a simple and free app that lets you set a predefined number in the options and then any subsequent barcode scan results will be sent to that number instantly without any prompts . the barcode reader by zxing team is however required for this app . get it here ! click here to download the barsent apk ( not available on market ) alternate link or scan the code below from your phone to instantly download the apk remember to turn on " install from unknown sources " in your options ! btw , the app is made by me when i got some spare time and i thought while it may be too simple , it could be helpful to a few people . your question inspired me to make such an app ( lol i know im such a sucker for bounties ) ; anyway , it was fun getting this done in the mit is app-inventor the app is not well tested because i did not have much time . if you find bugs or want to request for a feature , maybe we can do it over the chat here on android stack exchange or via email preferably . comments are probably not the right way . a few things i would like to say its simple and will always be free if its slow or crashing , i might not be able to do much really since its made using appinventor , do tell if those things happen though . if you do not like this , you can modify or build your own or ask me for features . also , there could be potentially some apps in the market that does the same in a better way . i simply made this app for fun . i do not know if i can support app2sd or crunch the size of the app . . its just appinventor and i did not include any fancy media into this app . there are no obtrusive ads , background services or airpush junk permissions are exaggerated by the appinventor i guess do not hold me responsible for anything if you like this , you can upvote this , share it using the small and cute buttons to the left of this post . oh and after installing the app , i recommend scanning the barcode that is above in this post using the app . ; ) screen shots . . maybe later but the app 's really ugly in terms of looks . :d exclusively for the stack exchange community ! that is why i am posting here !
try <code> wget http://www.blah.com/files.apk </code> in the terminal emulator ( if you are using cyanogenmod , then you probably have busybox , which includes wget ) , you might need root to write to the internal memory , so if you do not have write permission in the current directory , then you might need to type su first .
it is definitely a valid concern and you should be wary of apps that can record keystrokes with " full internet " privileges . it is best to reach out to the developer of such keyboard app and ask them this question directly . i imagine such a permission would be required for something benign , like downloading language packs ( from within the keyboard app ) or showing ads , for example .
from what i can see in the video , the fluctuations are within about 1° in the first app , and 0.5° in the second . that is not exactly " random numbers in a wide range " . accuracy within 1° is acceptable for most intended use cases : mobile games , screen orientation , gestures , etc . it is quite possible that motorola decided to use a cheaper sensor since the phone itself is intended to be a very low-cost device . i would not say that it is defective . possibly subpar , but not defective .
seems that what i was looking for was right in front of me . the option " reverse port forwarding " from the article was renamed to " port forwarding " .
starting in 4.0 ( actually 3.0 , but few devices used that ) , most android devices use the mtp ( media transfer protocol ) class rather than the mass storage class . this was done for various reasons , including the annoyances attendant to having to unmount the sd card from the android device to access it from the pc . samsung has embraced this new way rather fervently and does not allow mass storage at all under normal circumstances ( if you have root , you can force it on some devices . not sure if it works for a tab 2 ) . mtp mostly " just works " on windows since xp and on mac , though getting it working on linux can require a bit of effort if you do not use gnome . the arch linux wiki has a useful article on the ways and means of accessing mtp devices on linux .
( i will address your 2nd edit below . . . ) some cheap camera modules do not include an auto focus feature , i.e. they are fix-focus'ed to infinity . barcode scanners need a near focus though and cannot ( or hardly ) scan the resulting blurry images that result from infinity-focused fix-focus cameras . the only way around this would be to attach a macro lens specifically designed for smartphone cameras ( also works with fix focus ) . search for smartphone macro lens to see some samples . i already tried that once with an older ( also fix-focus ) sony-ericsson xperia x8 and it worked back then .
it works in a very similar way to how one user 's apps are isolated from each other . whereas apps ' private data used to be stored in /data/data , now it is stored in <code> /data/users/ n </code> , where n is the id of the user profile . each user gets their own directory , and each app that user uses gets a directory within that . posix file system permissions protect the data directories , not only from other apps , but also from other users . because android uses the existing posix process , uid , and file system security mechanism , the same way it does for different apps , the implementation is already secure without needing anything special at the os level , or a more complicated ( and thus battery-hungry ) solution such as virtualization . virtualization would work poorly for this anyway : providing virtualized access to the network , bluetooth , nfc hardware , etc . such that all users could control it would add a lot of unnecessary complexity to the driver stacks . when both users run the same app ( such as the launcher ) , there are actually two instances of that app . they share one apk file , but they have two separate processes running under different posix user ids , and they each look in their own data directory . this way , nothing they might write to is shared between the two users , but read-only parts ( such as the app 's executable code from the apk file ) are shared , reducing ram and storage use . both instances might be running at once , and switching users just changes which one is the foreground app on the screen . nothing needs to be reloaded or restarted . this works the same way whether the app is a built-in one , or one installed by the user . there is an awkward side-effect of that : when one user upgrades an app , the upgrade affects all users , even if the new version needs more permissions . only apps with the interact_across_users permission are special . such apps get access to apis within the android framework to look at all the users ' data directories at once . the lock screen is an example of such an app : in one instance , it needs to be able to read each user 's settings and profile picture , in order to show the " switch users " gui .
use the app management option to move programs to external storage . while apps can be installed on the sdcard , they still need space on the internal storage for actually running .
as no one is answering this question , i presume it is not possible . so i looked for another solution and found the business calender free edition . this program not only displays a very nice monthly calender , but , most important , let you choose which colour you want to use for each agenda you want to display . very impressive indeed . just thought i would let you know . . .
jelly bean unfortunately , there is no setting that you can enable to show battery percentage on the system icons tray . without using an app , all you have is : battery indicator on the top right corner of your screen . access to the battery settings , level and usage details : go to : settings > device > battery app using the battery app by macropinch available from google play store , you are able to get the percentage on your status bar :
no , you can not update it from google play . it would be like buying your phone from carphone warehouse and then expecting phones4u to help you out with a problem just because they sell the same phone . or buying a music download in google play and expecting to be able to download it from itunes . you have paid samsung for the app , not google . if you uninstall it via the button in google play , the app will just uninstall in the usual way . you will be able to reinstall it from the samsung app store if you change your mind , but you still will not be able to download it from google play unless you buy it there . just wait a week or two to see if there is an update . apps uploaded to samsung 's app store have to be " certified " , just like apple 's , so there is often a delay before a new version will appear there .
as already described in above comments , this would require taking a screenshot and saving it as an image file . havind done that , there are several barcode scanners available in the playstore supporting " loading " of barcodes from image files , as e.g. qr barcode scanner or mentioned google goggles . i do not know of any barcode scanner capable of " scanning your screen directly " . edit : qr droid seems to be capable of what you are looking for : scan qr codes from your camera , browser , sd card , or saved image
based on this do you have some switch near volume button ? if yes , try changing it .
i guess you could do this using the " conference call " trick on android ( natively ! ) . the screenshots below are for vanilla froyo ( android 2.2 ) and may vary with your version/dialer app . during your call ( do not hang up the call ) , after talking to that person , press the " menu " button on your android . press " add call " from the menu . dial and call the number you wish to " redirect " for him . ( on your charge ! ( which is what you asked for right ? ) means you will lose money for this call as if you are calling it ) now press menu button again when call connects . press on " merge call " . finally , press the menu button again and click on " mute " to make them think you have terminated your call . ( you mute yourself but you can hear the conversation between him and the " redirected " call ) remember , while doing these , you will be charged for 2 calls simultaneously !
the galaxy tab 10.1 can make 2g/3g calls and calls over wifi with voip apps like skype or tango . the nexus 7 can only make calls over wifi with voip apps as i already mentioned . there would be no easy way of getting the nexus 7 to make 2g/3g calls as it would require adding a radio to the tablet .
if you have adb shell , you can try below command top -m 10  which displays top 10 applications which takes cpu .
the primary technique to reject applications other than from play store to install is in the settings for security . make sure the setting " unknown sources " is unchecked . this setting normally allows 3rd party installation to occur .
yes . locking the bootloader is possible after you have installed a custom firmware . a locked bootloader will not allow you to ad-hoc boot custom binaries ( using fastboot boot boot . img and will not allow you to directly write to the flash chips . an unlocked bootloader however does offer you this and newly available commands are : fastboot flash partition image fastboot boot kernel-image so , if it is locked you will only be able to either boot the normal or the recovery system which themselves need to enforce the chain of trust and ensure security . current custom recovery images will not enforce any security , so you will have to install a safe stock recovery after you have installed your custom firmware . regarding the stock recovery , this will not allow you to install any upcoming custom builds , only stock firmware ( that is digitally signed by google ) will install . so , to have a working chain of trust with no holes in it , you will need to first unlock the bootloader , then install a custom recovery , install a custom firmware ( etc . ) , then re-install the stock recovery ( extract it from google 's stock image ) , then re-lock the bootloader . the procedure to upgrade to newer firmware builds will be a bit tricky at the moment : i think there exist user-land tools to unlock the bootloader from a regular ( rooted ) custom firmware ( like cyanogenmod ) without the penalty of a full wipe . this way you can unlock the bootloader without a wipe , then ( temporarily ) boot a custom recovery ( via fastboot boot cwm-recovery . img ) , do an adb sideload update . zip and finally relock the bootloader using fastboot oem lock again . one note : i think i have read somewhere that the nexus 4 does not to a full wipe with subsequent unlocks after it has been unlocked/relocked once . i am not sure about this , you will need to test this once .
primary reasons for the no swap recommendations are the basic uselessness of swap for most devices , performance reasons , and device longevity . as liam mentions , modern devices have no shortage of ram ( even my old underpowered wildfire s has as much ram as my previous desktop . ) and that ram is managed fairly well by the modern android system , making a swap largely pointless . also , even though flash is far better than platters of spinning rust , it is still orders of magnitude slower than ram is , hence for performance reasons , you do not want to tier down to flash if you can at all avoid it . furthermore , flash memory has a limit on how many times you can erase and rewrite it . while this cycle limit is typically in the thousands or tens of thousands , which combined with modern wear leveling systems , means you are unlikely to hit the limit within the useful lifespan of the device , but if you are using it as swap , with loads and loads of itty-bity writes , you will chew through those cycles needlessly and might actually bump against those limits in time .
as you have come to realize , official updates ( ota or manual ) will most likely patch previous exploits to obtain root and you will most likely lose root during the process of updating . it is recommend to not allow updates if you wish to keep root . certain mods , such as cyanogenmod , will automatically block ota updates to keep this from being a problem .
since this is getting inactive for so long and no one seems to know the solution . then i guess i will bring my phone to where i bought it and face the consequences of my actions haha ! if they can not fix it , then no one can . lol cheers , guise !
no , it is a completely different service . in fact , it is a cloud service with an android app ; whereas the music app is simply a local music app .
i have noticed that i sometimes get a notification that an update is available , but when i go in there , i am unable to update . i , at first , thought that it was some type of syncing issue like you describe , but i have realized ( at least in my situation ) that i have the apps set to update automatically . so i get the notification , but the market actually has already updated the application in the background . based on your comments , and if you eventually go in to the market and there is actually an update available for an app that you previously were notified about , then i would say it has to do with how google rolls out the updates . as chahk discussed , the notifications seem to go before the apps , in some cases . google does this with just about everything they roll out . updated in batches .
i have ported emacs to android . ( google play , github ) it does not draw ui like linux x11 version , but uses modified android terminal emulator .
can you use adb to copy or install the apk file on the samsung tablet ? for example : $ adb push my_app.apk /mnt/sdcard  or $ adb install my_app.apk  i do not have a galaxy tab so i do not know whether /mnt/sdcard is the correct location on that device . edit : oops . forgot to say that when you connect your device via usb select the charge only option - do not mount the sd card !
in order to remove the book/app from your cloud , you will need to visit visit amazon.com/myk . log into your account and find the book/app . click the " actions " link to the right of the title . under it you will have the option to delete it permanently . after you do so , you will have the repurchase the book if you want to read it again .
yes , htc iqagent is carrier iq software .
thank you for your answers everyone . unfortunately i was unable to boot into clockworkmod recovery . fortunately i found the following solution : downloaded and installed rsd lite ( on windows 8 professional x64 ) downloaded and installed the motorola usb drivers downloaded a sbf image from here : http://sbf.droid-developers.org/umts_jordan/list.php started rsd lite booted the defy with power and volume up buttons plugged the defy into my computer via a usb cable ( my usb3.0 hub seemed to cause problems so i plugged it directly into a usb2.0 on my laptop ) inside rsd lite i selected the sbf image file on my computer . selected " uncompress and start flashing " in rsd waited for phone rom to get flashed . enjoy working phone just as a note - if you run into any annoying motoblur authentication issues you may have to do a factory reset on the phone . this will clear all your user data and can be done in the follow way : boot the defy with power and volume down buttons the android mascot with the triangle/exclamation mark should appear press both the volume up and volume down buttons at the same time you should enter the standard " recovery mode " use the volume up/down buttons to navigate the menu items select " wipe data/ factory reset " with the power button confirm
if you can pull both sets of contacts into the google contacts app on the phone , and let them sync with google , you might then be able to merge duplicates via the web-based contacts page : https://mail.google.com/mail/u/0/#contacts click the " more " button , then choose " find and merge duplicates " .
the sleep timeout and other screen lock settings can be restricted by a device policy . this is something that you might install to access a corporate vpn or mail server , and additionally some kinds of security apps ( such as antivirus ) . they can force security-related settings to particular values , e.g. to make sure that your work email will be secure even if you leave your device unattended . you can see and deactivate device administrators from the main settings app . look under device administrators . most android devices have " android device manager " in that list , so ignore that , but anything else there could be restricting your screen lock settings .
as @geffchang said , disabling animations in developer options is right way
try azilink (http://code.google.com/p/azilink/). you will need to do a little setup on your ubuntu machine in addition to loading the app on your droid , but it will work without requiring you to root your droid . this is a usb tethering solution that i have used in the past with my ubuntu netbook to great success .
i had manually exported contacts to google csv , uploaded to google spreadsheets . edited manually table by copying comments column to phone number column , deleted extra text , upload csv to contacts again
eventually , simply uninstalling and reinstalling normally worked ! turns out data is saved this way or another .
turns out that it is possible with a stock ( unrooted ) android 3.0 tablet and a rooted android phone , using android-wifi-tether and bluetooth tethering . details here : http://www.droid-life.com/2011/03/01/how-to-bluetooth-tether-to-motorola-xoom-using-original-droid/
the motorola electrify m comes with a set of functions called smart actions , which can be deployed . a sample from their user guide is the silencing of the ringer when inside meetings . see the user guide here to find help in refining the criteria triggers , so that the ringer is restored . look for \control and customize\smart actions\help . like most trigger-based actions , each comes with some downside , so either some refinement , or complete disabling will solve your difficulty .
there are multiple things to be considered . first , you are absolutely correct : you should avoid restoring system apps . there might be some exceptions ( as e.g. sms , contacts , calendars are maintained by system apps as well ) , but let 's postpone that for now . second , user-apps should be safe to restore , including their data . third , just to be sure , before restoring anything on a different rom/device , you should take some pre-cautions : go to tibu ' s settings , watch out for the " troubleshooting " section , and enable " migration mode " as well as " use system sqlite " ( this combination saved my day more than once ) . while in " normal mode " e.g. sqlite databases would be simply replaced ( which might cause the " owning app " to crash if the structure had changed ) , with " migration mode " tibu attempts to only merge the data . forth , with above precautions taken , you could carefully try to even restore some of the relevant data ( sms , wifi aps , etc . ) . to be on the absolutely safe side , a dedicated backup app for sms etc . would be the better idea ; contacts e.g. could be synced via google or exported to .vcf using the contacts app itself , similarly calendars ( sync or save to .ics using a 3 rd party app ) . last , just in case and to be on the sfe side : restore your apps/data one by one , and check for possible side-effects in between ; continue with the resp . " next app " only when you are sure everything is fine . once running into trouble , remember which app that was ; then factory-reset and restore all up to where you got allright ( in case it was a system-app ) or simply uninstall the troublemaker ( in case of an user-app ) , skip the " trouble app " , and continue carefully with the next . after-thoughts from the comments : the above applies to system apps and user-apps ( the " one-by-one " especially applies to system apps , as you cannot uninstall them it something fails ; though in most cases it suffices to " delete data " for the affected app in settings→apps – if you still can go there , that is ) the above applies as well when restoring a backup on a different device ( as basically , that can be called a " different rom " as well , right ? ) possible side-effects might include force-close-loops of the affected app , even on device start – which again would require a factory-reset if it was a system app ( or a user-app which wants to start at boot ) . with some luck , a start in safe-mode is possible in those cases , and you might be able solving the issue from there . example case for a failed restore ( from my own experience ) : i once restored the sms from a different rom ( did not know about the migration option then ) . results were i could not open the sms app at all ( force-close ) . other apps accessing the same database crashed when trying to do so ( e . g . contacts ) . " delete data " did not solve it back then , so i had to factory-reset . worst cases ( at least if you left out system apps themselves ; their data is ok ) are always solved by a factory-reset . really worst-case ( you restored some system apps and broke it ) is solved by re-flashing the rom .
those permissions ( call , sms ) are in most cases used for " quick-access-widgets/shortcuts " the launcher provides . to create a call widget for a contact , the contacts need to be read , which again might need the account data in some cases to retrieve them . so all those permissions are obviously making sense in context of a launcher . of course this does not mean they cannot be abused . so i would either stick with a heavily used / well known app , or have additional protection ( pdroid , lbe ) . you explicitly mentioned apex , which i use on some of my devices . on others i use golauncher ex . i also use lbe to keep watch . none of these two launchers ever misused these permissions ( at least i never got a warning ) -- though i must admit i did not check all the logs thoroughly all the time .
audiogalaxy supposedly does this . i have not used it for myself .
you can user tasker to control the timeout for individual apps .
how they detect that someone is tethering a device is not something that network providers often want to talk about , for the obvious reason that the more consumers know about how this is being detected , the easier it is for them to find ways to hide the fact that they are doing it , and avoid the associated extra charges ( 1 ) . however there are certain known techniques that will give away the fact that you are currently tethering , if your service provider happens to be running the right tool to check for these indicators : your phone asks your network if tethering is allowed the first and easiest method is that some phones will query the network to check whether the current contract allows tethering , and then totally disable the tethering options on the device in software if not . this generally only happens if you are running an os version that has been customized by your provider , example 1 example 2 . your phone tells your network that you are tethering it is also rumoured that some phones have a second set of apn details saved in them by the phone network , when you enable tethering they switch over to using this second apn for all tethered traffic , while using the normal apn for traffic originating on the phone . however i have not found any concrete evidence of this , other than people finding odd apns and wondering what they are for ( bear in mind that an unlocked phone bought off-contract may have hundreds or thousands of apns stored on it , ready for use on whichever network in whichever country the eventual owner decides to use it ) . inspecting the network packets for their ttl ( time to live ) every network packet travelling across a tcp/ip network , like the internet , has a built-in time-to-live ( ttl ) set on it , so that in case there is a problem with that packet reaching its destination this will stop it travelling around the network forever clogging everything up . the way this works is that the packet starts with a ttl number ( say 128 ) set on it when it leaves the sending device ( your phone , or laptop ) , and then every time that packet travels through a router of any kind ( like your home broadband router , or a router at your isp or phone company ) that router subtracts one from the ttl ( which would decrement the ttl to 127 in this example ) , the next router it travels through will in turn decrement the ttl again , and so on , if the ttl ever reaches zero then the router it is at discards the packet and does not transmit it again . when your phone is tethering it acts like a router so , as the packet passes from your tethered laptop through your phone and onto the phone network , your phone will subtract "1" from the ttl to show that the packet has passed through its first router . the phone networks know what the expected ttls from common devices are ( for instance packets from an iphone always start at a ttl of 64 ) , and so they can spot when they are one less ( or totally different ) than they are expecting . mac address inspection devices on a tcp/ip network , like the internet , all have a unique mac id set on their network interfaces . this is made up of two halves , one half identifying the manufacturer of the interface , and the other half being a unique identifier assigned by the manufacturer ( like a serial number ) . every network packet that is sent out will have been " stamped " with the mac address of the originating device 's network port . the mac address of your laptop 's wifi card will have a very different manufacturer and serial code than the mac address of your phone 's 3g interface . tcp/ip stack fingerprinting different computer operating systems ( eg android , ios , windows , mac osx , linux , etc ) set up their tcp/ip stacks with different default values and settings ( eg the initial packet size , initial ttl , window size . . . ) . the combination of these values can give a " fingerprint " that can be used to identify what operating system is running on the originating device . a side-effect of this may mean that if you are using an uncommon os , or an os that is similar to your phone 's on your other device , your tethering may not be spotted . looking at the destination ip/url you can learn a lot by what a device regularly communicates with . for instance , many oss these days do captive portal detection when they first connect to a wifi network ( such as your wifi tether connection ) , they do this by trying to connect to a known web server across the internet , and checking to see if they get the response that they are expecting . if the expected response is not received , then it is likely that the wifi connection you are on is a " captive portal " and may need you to log in , or pay , to connect to it . as microsoft oss ( like windows vista and windows 7 check with a microsoft server by default and other oss like android , macos and so on all connect to their parent company 's servers to do these checks , it can be used as a good indication of the operating system just after the initial connection is made . additionally , if a device regularly contacts the windows update servers , then it is very likely that device is a windows pc or laptop , whereas if it regularly checks with google 's android update servers , then it is probably a phone . or if they can see that you are connecting to the apple app store , but the imei of the device that your sim card is in indicates that it is not an apple device , maybe you are tethering an ipad to an android phone ? more sophisticated systems can look at a whole range of data seeing who you are communicating with ( eg are you connecting to the facebook app 's api servers which is more likely from a phone , or to facebook 's web servers which is more likely from a pc ) and add a whole load of these indicators together to create a fingerprint that indicates what sort of device you are likely to be using . some of these fingerprints can be caught out when new device types and services come out , for instance there are reports that just after tablets with built-in 3g came out , some owners of these on the at and t network received mails warning them that they had been tethering when they had not , as the fingerprint from this new style of device did not look like a typical phone . ( 1 ) obviously before trying any methods to by-pass tethering detection please remember to check your phone contract and your phone company 's policies on tethering . they may have penalty clauses buried in their contract , fair use policy , or acceptable use policy for people who try to bypass their restrictions and limits .
you should not need to do this for the archos 70 . do you have the archos 70 internet tablet or the archos 7 home tablet ? the link you have is for the archos 7 home tablet , which is an older model . if you in fact have a generation 8 , archos 70 , here 's the link you want : http://forum.archosfans.com/viewtopic.php?f=63t=42067 all you have to do is open the apk file on your tablet .
for anyone who comes across this via a search i found these options . . . polaris office 's word processing program implements undo that works via control-Z on my galaxy note 3 using a bluetooth keyboard . the jotterpad x text editor implements undo and redo that works fine via on-screen controls . the jotterpad x app description on the google play store claims specifically . . . compatible with physical and bluetooth keyboard including shortcut keys ( e . g . ctrl + z for undo ) on my system , jotterpad x 's undo did not work with a bluetooth keyboard , but maybe it will work on your system or with a different model keyboard .
i had to release the buttons just after samsung logo and not after seeing cwm screen
the data usage screen can show both mobile data and wi-fi usage ( but only shows one by default ) . you are almost certainly seeing your wi-fi usage , 750mb does not sound unlikely for a new device that will have downloaded settings , apps , contacts , and probably os updates . if you have a sim card in your phone then the data usage app defaults to only showing mobile data usage , but there is a menu option to allow you to set it to show wi-fi data usage too . i assume that if the device has never had a sim card inserted , then it will default to showing wi-fi usage , as that is the only data usage it is used . ( screenshots from a galaxy nexus , so it should work the same way )
you did not do a factory reset then , but probably a soft reset . to perform a factory reset from the home screen press menu > settings > sd card and phone storage > factory data reset > reset phone > erase everything . that should take you back to square one . reply back with a comment if not . update : boot into the bootloader : completely power off the deivce . then hold down the back button and press the power/end call button to restart your phone . keep the back button held down till the bootloader menu appears . from here do you have an option to wipe , reset , or factory reset ( or something along those lines ) ? if so try it .
not from within android , no . only root can mount or remount filesystems , including /system . there is another way , which is to go outside of android completely by making the change you want from the recovery . since the recovery does not use android 's permissions system , it can let you mount whatever filesystems you like , however you like . but if you are going to install a custom recovery to let you do this , you might as well root the phone anyway .
if you install different countries rom , you will get some different app that follows in that country region .
after some digging , i have to decide that what you are trying to achieve is not possible since there is no way to check whether there are additional login requirements necessary for the connected wi-fi networks . you may be able to check the connectivity of the wi-fi network with the methods mentioned by both geffchang and nobugs . but , since the connections with additional authentications literally give you the internet access to login to their network , the said apps and methods ( even the tasker ) will sadly be of lesser use . but the network tester app suggested by nobugs seems promising even though it cannot switch the connections . you can use an app like auto wifi / 3g switch to do the switching automatically . this app can be used to disable mobile data / 3g connection automatically when your device is connected to a wifi network and re-enable mobile data when your device is disconnected from wifi network . again of course , the app cannot detect whether or not there are additional authentications . finally you are left with manually switching and toggling your mobile data and wi-fi . you can use an app like 3g wifi connection mode .
yes all this is possible but you will have to root the tablet and whether or not that is possible will depend on the tablet . here 's the answer to each request : yes , you have to edit the hosts file for which you will have to root the device . yes , any browser ( i recommend dolphin hd ) will let you set the home page , so just set this to the page you want it to launch with . with the launch after boot app ( ~$1.60 ) you can set the browser to launch on start-up . yes , the aforementioned dolphin hd browser has a " full screen " mode under settings . since you are rooting the device you can just uninstall the messaging ( sms/mms/email ) apps . yes . this app requires a rooted device ( and dropping $2 ) : boot animation changer pro all in all this is possible assuming you can root you device , and while it will not be easy , it also wont require you programming any custom solution . edit : i should have mentioned that going " full screen " on the browser will not prevent people from navigating away from the browser screen to other parts of the device but you can basically uninstall every single app that you do not want your people using , and uninstall the market so they can not install more apps . you can also password protect apps that you do not want people using with an app like app protector pro ( $2 ) . any enterprising person will be able to get around anything you do with some work but that can be said about any workplace restrictions . edit #2: do not quote me on this but i will bet you could use tasker to furhter restrict access to the device and/or services . assuming you guys operate during set business hours and are at one bricks and mortar location , you can set location and time based restrictions so when they are in the store during business hours only certain things are possible . you would just need to password protect tasker after setting it up .
i was able to solve this , but it is not pretty . following the advice in this thread , i applied a hack to the radio that gets wireless tether working . edit : i can confirm this exact procedure will also work on a droid x . download and install radiocomm . it worked fine on windows 7 x64 . open radiocom . this was the first time i opened the app , and a splash screen asked for me to " select which ma to use . " i could not find the ma mentioned in the thread in this list , so i just selected 3g all others ( or something like that ) . open the main menu , select ma , common , mdm 6x00 chipset base . open the settings menu , select usb , pst usb driver . connect phone to computer via usb . change the phone 's usb connection mode to pc mode . the radio detection icon on the right side of radiocomm will turn green . scroll to the p2k 4 tab . in the stelem / rdelem section , tick the dec entries radio box . in the text boxes , enter : Element ID: 8040 Record #: 1 Offset: 0 Length: 128  press RDELEM . it will turn green and the following data should appear : change Element ID to 8041 . press STELEM . it will turn green . change Element ID to 8091 . press STELEM . change the phone 's usb connection mode to charge only . reboot the phone . install wifi tether 3.1-beta6 . in wifi tether 's settings , change the device profile to motorola droidx ( cdma ) . ( droid2 does not work . ) this is a good time to set your ssid and encryption as well . done . you can now tether . in case you need to revert the changes we just made , here 's the original values : ( these are the same on a d2g and droid x ) 8041: 8091:
you could use widgetlocker and have a shortcut on your lockscreen to your camera . i have not personally tried this , but it should technically work .
even if it would be doable , consider a few things making it extremely unlikely : in that early stage , the touchscreen is not yet initialized – so how would you input your pin/password/pattern to unlock the bootloader before firing up the custom recovery ? another risk introduced this way : if you break your display , you are effectively knocked-out : even if the problem described above could be worked around , that work-around would be rendered useless at this place . true , there are things like touch-based custom recoveries . so technically , that would be the place to make it possible : once the recovery is initialized , it could ask for a code to unlock before offering its real services . this might even include a " fallback mode " for a broken screen using e.g. shake-patterns ( accelerometer-based ) or nfc ( if applyable ) . but that is nothing we can solve here at this site : you will have to contact the resp . developers for this ( twrp and/or clockworkmod , to name two examples ) .
i think formatting is your last resort . sd cards do have a limited life , and only can perform so many read/writes before they give up the ghost . try to backup your sd card on your pc if you can . you could use an sd card reader . try your sd on another phone and see if it works . if it does , you know something with your phone is not right . use this opportunity to back up the sd ! try a different sd on your phone and see how that works . lastly , you could format the sd card and see if that helps , but you will permanently lose all data on it . if your rom has an sd-ext partition , your os will not boot . ( unlikely in this specific case , but worth noting for others . )
install fasterfix from the play store and follow the prompts .
unfortunately rooting your phone will not change a thing , as the problem is on the windows side . if windows does not have a way to communicate with the phone ( ie , a driver ) , then it does not matter if the phone has a different rom on it - the hardware is still the same . however , if you package your apps as apks you can upload them to the sd card and then click on them to install that way . in eclipse : right click on the project > android tools > export signed application package . follow the prompts and you are flying .
i just received an email from the developer , don choi . citing it here in its entirety as an answer : the continuous scroll feature is in our big to-do list . it will eventually implemented later . we do not have a open forum . however , http://www.facebook.com/ezpdf is a good start . so more nifty things are on their way for this application .
have a look at this discussion . is your problem same as the one discussed here ? if so , google is working on a fix .
this is a feature of cdma ( standardized in is-95 ) and is called voice privacy . see an analysis of is-95 cdma voice privacy by m . zhang , et al . from 2000 , free download here citation ( the real paper begins at p . 10 in the pdf : abstract . the voice privacy of is-95 cdma cellular system is analyzed in this paper . by exploiting information redundancy on the downlink traffic channel , it is shown that an eavesdropper can recover the voice privacy mask after eavesdropping the transmission on the downlink traf- fic channel for about one second . thus , is-95 cdma voice privacy is vulnerable under ciphertext-only attacks . that cryptanalysis is now 12 years old and already then was the scheme considered broken . i guess it is easy to suggest to just leave the setting disabled . by combining some information grepped from the android source , i am pretty sure it is what you are asking for . to make it a little more transparent here are some source references : packages/apps/phone/res/xml/cdma_call_privacy . xml defines : packages/apps/phone/res/values/strings . xml defines those strings : . /hardware/ril/include/telephony/ril . h defines also :
if you keep using the google voice app for texting , it does not matter if you activate sms via hangouts . however , any texts you send out of hangouts will go through your verizon number , incurring carrier charges . if you are running cyanogenmod 11 rom , you may want to look into voice+ . it is a custom app that allows you to pipe all " regular " sms through google voice , from any app such as hangouts , messaging , handcent , whatsapp , etc . it is still in beta ( as is the entire cm11 ) but works quite well for keeping all the messaging together in a single app . when hangouts got ability to send/receive sms last year , google promised that they will eventually merge google voice functionality into it , thus making it a single app . this looks to be slowly happening behind the curtains . in the latest hangouts v2.1 update , bits and pieces pointing to google voice integration started showing up . we will most likely hear more about this in the upcoming google i/o developers conference this coming summer .
i got an update from htc tech support on this one . tl ; dr search for a software update and you should hopefully find 1.29 . once this is installed you will be able to connect again fine . quoted below dear david , thank you for your patience . i would recommend backing up your data and performing a factory reset , to do this please follow these steps : if your phone is tied to a google account , your contacts , calendar events , downloaded apps , wireless settings can be backed up , if you have entered your google account details in the initial set-up screens . please go to , menu , settings , accounts and sync , tap on your google account , then tap ' sync now ' you will see some spinning circular arrows for a short while , this just means your data is being saved to google . when the arrows have finished spinning , the data has been backed-up ( double check this ) . or back up your contacts to the s . d card ( for android 2.1 or later ) by following these steps ; from the home screen tap all applications . scroll to and tap people . tap menu . tap import/export . tap export to sd card . select which contact group to export ( phone , google , sim etc . ) . tap ok . available from the android market is a free application to enable you to back up your sms messages if desired . now your phone is backed up we can perform the hard reset , all data will be lost that is not backed up on your s . d/sim cards or online will be lost . hard reset on android from the home screen , press the menu key> tap settings> tap sd and phone storage> tap factory data reset> tap reset phone . the reason i have asked you to do this is because though it may seem a bit extreme this is the best method for dealing with your problem . once this has been done please manually search for an update . i did not actually do the reset , i simply searched for software updates and found the new update , installed it and all was well . i would recommend this first before you wipe your phone !
i have solved the problem in a direct way . i have restored the phone to the factory state , and it worked . and i am convinced it is because of z4root ! i have tried the second time and the result was the same . be careful when you root the galaxy 3 samsung i5800 with z4root .
after updating my phone to htc official desire 2.3.3 dev rom , it works . so it looks like there is a bug fixed by android or htc rom in 2.3.3 .
at first , i thought this was most likely an instance of android cloud to device messaging , but it can not be : whatsapp does not declare the necessary permissions , and it works in eclair ( android 2.1 ) , while cloud to device messaging ( and its replacement , google cloud messaging ) require at least froyo ( android 2.2 ) . however , it is most likely some sort of push notification service . it is impossible to say exactly how it is implemented without access to whatsapp 's source code . the part about it being able to receive messages when not in use is relatively easy to explain , though . the app almost certainly has a service which runs in the background to check in with the server periodically ( or receive the server push , or whatever it does ) . when you receive a message , the service pops up a notification . as for the question as to how the server could do a push , here 's a possibility ( again , i can not verify without source code ) : whatsapp starts and opens two sockets : one to listen on and one to send a message to the server . whatsapps starts listening on the first socket . whatsapp sends a message containing your phone number and the port of the listening socket to the server and waits for an acknowledgement . the server records the phone and port numbers in the message and the ip address that the message came from . the server sends an acknowledgement to the app . the app receives the acknowledgement and closes the message socket . a message with your phone number as the destination comes into the server . the server uses the ip address and port number it has associated with your phone number and uses that information to push the message to your phone . for this to work , the app would need to monitor the state of the network connection and reset the listening socket / resend the registration message when necessary ( if the ip address changes , for example ) .
according to this post , com.sonyericsson.usbux is enhancedusbux.apk app , which handles usb support . com.sonyericsson.capabilities belongs to DefaultCapabilities.apk app , but i have not been able to find anything about its functionality , other than a cryptic " hardware capabilities " description .
i am able to receive reset links despite having logged in today , yesterday and pretty much every day . however you should be able to access your account on your phone ( as it will use your login details to sign in to chrome ) then use that to add your phone number to your account . then pick reset my password with my phone which will send an sms to your phone .
this turned out to actually be a network provider problem ( in my case : simplemobile in the us ) and the fix is incredibly simple : remove the proxy server from the apn and everything works . the final hint i needed was the google now error message , googling that took me to this thread on xda-developers . i have no explanation for why ' clear data ' fixed the issue for a few minutes and why this did not occur when tethering the tablet through the phone ( maybe a cached server connection somehow ? ) . it does however explain why the problem occured again when putting the sim card into the tablet ( the apn comes with the problematic proxy as a preset ) , and that should have tipped me off , i guess .
i never did find out which version of heimdall to use with either device , but settled on using odin3 v1.85 with my s2 ( did not work with an s3 , after all ) . if you have the at and t skyrocket version of the s2 , a great place to start looking is : [ howto ] the ultimate newb guide > | install cwm/twrp | root | unroot |the skyrocket
the ' haifa ( current ) ' display is the weather at the position your phone thinks it is currently located at . in other words , the ' current ' refers to current position . the other ' haifa ' display is the weather at the extra city location that you have set up . the displays show different weather because the specific locations used by your phone within haifa are presumably different , even though they are both within haifa .
most probably , street view imagery is not available for your location ( yet ) . cross check the web version with any pc for the same location that does not work on your phone check a well-supported street view location such as google hq on your phone
the root process should not fail . there is a thing called " auto nootering " which will automatically do the rooting for you . they have been keeping it up to date with each update coming out for the device from b and n . if the device reboots 8 times in a row , it will reset itself to factory settings . you can find more info here . you need a microsd card to root the device . basically , you put an image onto the sd card , then turn on the nook and it boots that image and enables root access . you then remove the sd card and re-format it ( because the image previously will give it a small partition , additionally you do not want it to boot it again after you have already done it once ) . the nook color is setup that it will boot up off of the sd card before it will boot off of the internal memory ( hence why this rooting process works ) . you can therefore have a dual boot with the stock rom plus another rom on the sd card ( nookie froyo , cyanogenmod7 , or the honeycomb rom ) . this way you experiment with roms and not mess up your stock image . however , it is loading these from the sd card , therefore it will be a bit slower than if it was running off the internal memory of the device . but you can also flash these roms to the internal memory as well .
you can side-load any android app provided you have the apk . however , by default these phones do not come pre-installed with google 's core applications like the play store . but you can " hack " the devices and install google apps . needless to say it will void warranty and root access is required . there is this guide in xda forums that should help people install google services on their nokia x device .
a known issue with running 2 avs is that they will consider each other as a potential virus . this has to do with the behaviour of these programs . they scan directories , perform root-operations ( if you have installed the av on a rooted device ) , and so on . this is true on any system , not only mobile devices . you can in most cases run an av together with an anti-malware product . i do say in most cases . as mentioned by karan , there is no real need for av software as long as you only run google play / appstore apps and you do not download any rubbish from sites you visit . do keep in mind that there are some dangerous apps on google play . i am an android user myself , definitly no ifanboy , and i must admit not all play apps are safe . so always check the permissions and intentions of an app before installing it . i myself have avast ! mobile security on my tablet . this is because i run some off-the-market apps . ms also allows me to protect some apps with a pincode , such as my email apps . i do not think running an av is a waste of resources , but if you handle your device with care , there is no real need for one .
thanks @rossc and @filoxo for your comments . adding these as answer : if you are rooted there is an option in titanium backup pro to remove anything from the dalvik cache not linked to an app . this orphan data suggests that data may remain in the cache after the app is no longer using it or even uninstalled . there is also nothing wrong with periodically wiping your device 's dalvik cache using a custom recover like twrp . it might take a little bit longer to start up some apps , but that would be almost unnoticeable on most modern devices .
your problem touches a feature of android that sets it apart from other mobile oses and is a very powerful one ( see below ) : that is all about intents , activities and the back stack that contains your path of visited activities in order for each app . basically an activity is a single gui fullscreen window you see , for example the main activity when you launch an app . if you navigate away from that , lets say to the settings view , the now inactive main view is put on the back stack and so forth . however : this whole behaviour has many switches that are solely customizable by the app developers . see this link for the basic information on those things : http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/fundamentals/tasks-and-back-stack.html regarding your specific problem : it might be a difference if the browser was ( 1 ) already open , ( 2 ) had an active twitter tab running ( that got reactivated ) and so forth . try some of these combinations ( use ' force stop ' in the app settings to end browser instances and have an/no open twitter tab in the browser active beforehand ) , and you will find : if you have opened the max of four windows in your browser , then opening an url from the twitter app will " re-use " one of them . if you hit back in that browser window it will first go all the way back up the history , one history item at a time . once the history is empty , hitting the back button once more will send you back to the twitter app . if you had not opened the max of four windows in your browser , then opening an url from the twitter app will create a new browser window . if you hit back in that browser window the history for that window will already be empty , and you will directly go back to the twitter app . some more information : the unique system are android 's intents . new views are launched by an intent that , for example says ' open this file in a file view ' or ' select a picture in a gallery viewer ' or ' authenticate a my app with facebook ' and so forth . without saying which other app should handle it . you see this when you get a choice menu asking you to select a specific browser ( native/chrome/dolphin/opera ) or one of many file explorers you might have installed . this one of the very powerful android features . apple 's ios is very different to that , apps can not interact with others so closely and facebook integration had to be done in ios6 the hard way for that reason ( directly integrated into ios ) .
root in linux ( or any unix-like system ) is just the user with user id 0 . the su program ( which actually stands for " switch user " , not " super user" ) is just a program to start another program with a different user id than the starting program ( by default to uid 0 , which is to user root ) . android does not use the traditional /etc/passwd , however it still uses linux user id and group id for managing permissions . if you want to intercept su requests so you can ask for password or enforce other rules , you will need to replace /sbin/su with your own version of su . alternative approach is the one described here : http://www.koushikdutta.com/2008/11/fixing-su-security-hole-on-modified.html though that will require applications to cooperate by firing an intent when they want to switch user . android security framework is more or less like this : each installed application runs on its own user id ( selected at installation time ) , and application permissions is implemented as user groups . can i change the root password after rooting my android device by simply typing " passwd " ? android does not use /etc/passwd so it also does not have passwd program . how is the rooting process working ? i mean what is the " one click root " apps doing to my phone ? i am not quire sure with the exact process myself , you probably want to ask to rooting developers . however , my guess is it just reverts the security check that originally prevent developer from setuid 0 . and im a developer , so how can i find hidden apis ( like ios ) for rooted app development ? since android is open source , there is no truly hidden api in android . however , there are some unpublicized or undocumented apis , you can browse for this in android 's source code . however , these apis are not about root developments , they are usually in-development apis that are not ready yet or is too localized for specific purpose that is not useful for public developer ( or perhaps google just have not realized their usefulness yet ) . you are not restricted from using these apis , but since these are not an officially supported apis , they may disappear or break backward compatibilities in the future . if you need to use these apis make sure your app breaks gracefully .
the notification appears to be coming from apps installed from the firefox marketplace on firefox for android . these apps can be found by opening the menu in firefox and going to tools > apps .
z4root added an " unroot " button in version 1.2 . version 1.3 added " force unroot " ( not entirely sure what that means ) . you can grab the most recent version from the xda thread , then you should be able to simply hit " unroot " and be on your way .
you cannot update inbuilt browser even though your phone is rooted . anyway you have some other good alternative browsers in market like dolphin , opera .
i was getting this error constantly today , so i went to Settings &rarr ; Applications &rarr ; All &rarr ; Voice Command . from there i clicked Force Stop &rarr ; OK then Clear Data &rarr ; OK . then i relaunched the voice command by tapping the microphone button on my google search widget . the voice command worked perfectly , and i have not seen the error message in about an hour .
go here and follow the steps : official cyanogenmod thread for htc one download latest version from here : official cyanogenmod downloads for htc one regarding your problem , getting stuck in a bootloop may mean that you forgot to flash the kernel ( boot . img ) or did not flash it properly . do that again .
long tap the colornotes app , then it should be in the home screen . let me know if you already tried this .
well , only if your rooted . you would manually have to install the g-apps recovery update zip . if you tell me your country and phone type , i can provide a link , or you can see all available versions here : gapps downloads
finally solved it . . i have found this ansewer by yy502 on cyanogenmod
as far as i know , doing a factory restore on the device should eliminate anything left over the device . usually the process goes : revert back to your earliest nandroid backup ( that you should have taken right after you rooted ) . if you do not have it , then flash a stock rom . run the unroot reversal process ( in this case you ran an official update ) remove any left over root applications ( superuser app , etc . ) . if necessary , wipe the device by restoring to factory settings . if i am missing anything , leave a comment and i will update this .
i had that on my old htc magic a couple of times , it is supposedly down to not properly doing the eject disk bit in windows and unmount drive bit on the phone before unplugging it . after it had annoyed me enough times by asking me to repair the disk every time , i unplugged the micro-sd card from my phone , put it in a usb sd card reader , plugged that straight into the pc and let windows run the repair . this time the repair completed successfully , and after plugging the sd back into the phone i did not have any more problems with it ( for a few months at least ) .
i have n7 too . i never heard or read about anything like this . it can be faulty battery or charging circuit , but it can be just sw problem . first , please , add some important details to your question : did you use original charger ? did you use original usb cable ? did you use original dock ? what android version do you have ? do you have this version out of box from the first day ( from factory ) or did you get it as ota update or did you update it yourself ? how many apps do you have installed ? do you use any task killer ? did you try reset to factory defaults ?
no , this is not possible . in order for your device to be in debug mode/ connect to the computer with the debug cable , it needs to be connected as a slave device . the otg cable tells the tablet to go into host mode . so now your computer is telling your tablet to be a slave but through the enumeration with the otg cable the tablet believes it needs to be the master , there is a quarrel and it appears the tablet wins and is the master and thus your computer does not acknowledge the tablets existence . if you need the debugging tools have you looked into adv wireless debugging ? ( sorry i can not find the link right now but i have used it in the past and know it is somewhere on the developer . android . com site ) i could not find the link so i figured out how to do it again : 1 ) open the command prompt and navigate to your sdk/platform-tools/ folder . 2 ) type adb tcpip 5555 3 ) type adb connect &lt;your device ip address&gt;:5555 4 ) at this point you unplug your device and type adb logcat 5 ) at times , such as unplugging/plugging into a usb device , the logcat will become disconnected , just redo steps 3 and 4 .
no , the battery does not care how it got charged in terms of a given charge . it just takes longer when using your pc because it is getting less current from the pc than the ac charger . here 's a post on android forums which suggests that the current coming from the pc is significantly less than the ac charger . the forum posts list 100ma or 500ma for the pc 's usb port vs . 1000ma from the ac charger ; these numbers could be off but the point is correct . i also found this regarding the same phenomenon with the iphone 4 . so using the ac charger is just a matter of whether you want the phone to charge quicker or not .
where to find it when it was downloaded if you have been able to " download " the file , the most likely location to find it is either /sdcard/download or /sdcard/downloads . it was not downloaded , but " saved for offline reading " but as it turns out , the stock browser did not give you that option , and you had to " save for offline reading " -- which is something different . in this case the file probably is stored on internal storage ( below /data/data/com.android.browser ) . without root you have got not many chances to access it there . so you could either try with a different browser -- or simply copy-paste the text file into some note-taking app / editor ( e . g . jota text editor or amblelink notepad basic ed . ) . alternative download options if you have to do this more often , or formatting gets lost on copy-paste , you are probably much better of with some " downloader tools " . i just know about tasker , which offers HTTP_GET actions . depending on your rom , the shell might provide wget ( stock rom on my milestone 2 had this ) , so all you need in that case is a terminal app ( e . g . android terminal emulator ) , and there simply execute # change to the directory where you want to store the downloaded file in cd /sdcard/download # get the file wget http://www.example.com/textfile.txt  adjust that to your needs , of course : ) special downloader apps other alternatives would include special " downloader apps " , like e.g. download all files or easy downloader , which you might want to give a try .
on nexus 7 2013 , Settings &gt; Storage &gt; Hamburger icon (top-right) &gt; USB computer connection .
i am using a nexus 5 and using next launcher as the app launcher . just counted the apps in one of my folders and noticed that it has 13 apps inside ( and can fit more as it uses the general swipe command for the next list within the same folder ) . . . presuming stock launcher your using ? try a different one like next or nova ? ?
lookout mobile has blogged about this due to the diginotar events , and provided some pretty good ( read : lengthy ) instructions which you can find here . the gist of it is that you need to pull /system/etc/security/cacerts.bks and then remove the cas from the store , then push the store back to the device and reboot . their instructions require that you have bouncy castle ( for decrypting the store ) , root access , and a working adb connection . i am not sure if this applies to all versions of android or not , but my guess would be that the location of the ca store has not changed in quite some time ( if ever ) .
i noticed an application on the android store called " mysms " that seems to sync between phone , tablet , and pc/mac . maybe this is the solution to your problem . downloadable from : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mysms.android.smshl=en the same company also has a premium service for 2 phone syncing - which has the same features as above but specifically for sycning 2 phones together . since the other app does not require a premium ( paid ) service , its worth trying to see if that does the job for free . if not , then it might be worth trying out their second app . this is the premium version for 2 phones : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mysms.android.mirrorhl=en hope this helps .
follow the guide in this thread to root your device . xperia rooting tool - xda-developers rooting would install a Superuser app for you which will monitor apps which require root access . you can then install a app like root explporer to access your device 's internal memory , just press Allow when it asks for root access . i believe you can find system media files inside the path /system/media/audio/ , although it may change with devices or firmware versions . and do not forget to click on R/W on top in root explorer when you are deleting or replacing files to enable read/write mode .
seems the only way to do it was to open up the document through the browser , selecting desktop mode . then " view spreadsheet mode " right at the bottom . then it'll load it up like it would if you loaded it from a computer . then you can select file -> email as attachment . bit of a crappy process . . .
i think i have finally solved this one by using some of the folder settings in k9 . in settings --> account settings --> fetching mail , i set Poll Folders and Push Folders to " only first class folders " , and this seems to have done the job . to be honest , i am not sure what these settings mean exactly , but i will live with that .
if you have root access on your device : grab a copy of /data/misc/wifi/wpa_supplicant.conf , e.g. using adb pull , and save it to your computer restore the data from your backup , and grab a copy of that in the same manner use a text editor , and merge the entries to a new file put that file back into place , e.g. using adb push make sure the file is owned by system:wifi and has permissions 664 . without root access , it might be possible as well , but would be much more tricky ( plus the overhead would probably not be worth it ) . the following is untested , and requires at least android 4.0: create an adb backup restore the " old data " to your device create another adb backup extract both backups to different locations on your device ( see : [ how do you extract an app 's data from a full backup made through “adb backup” ? ] ) ( how do you extract an app&#39 ; s data from a full backup made through &quot ; adb backup&quot ; ? ) merge the data from both wpa_supplicant.conf files re-assemble the backup file restore the re-assembled backup a third way lies in between , but does not require to re-assemble and restore the backup file , nor to replace the wpa_supplicant.conf directly . but you will need a copy of that file , which you either can obtain via adb pull or by extracting the backup files . once you have got a copy of both files , you can simply read your connection data , and enter those you wish manually : everything is stored as plain-text here , completely unencrypted ( including the passwords ! ) . an example entry ( slightly modified to hide the real data ) : network={ ssid="smartcafe" psk="cafesmart" key_mgmt=WPA-PSK priority=46 }  as you see : if you would like to use that data for the apn " smartcafe " , simply edit your config and put the corresponding password ( psk ) : go to settings → wifi scroll to the apn long-press its entry , select " change " enter the new password if it should be a new entry : at the same place , at the bottom of the screen , tap the " add network " button , and enter the data you have read from the file .
that icon means the text is not sent . just click on that text and it will push the typed text into compose box , you just have to press send .
the android emulator does not currently support this , unfortunately . there is a configuration file in the build system that determines whether or not to enable the user accounts feature , and it is disabled in the emulator images distributed by google . you can star this issue on the bug tracker in the meantime . however there are two alternatives you can look at : you can alter the configuration file and build a new emulator image from the aosp source and use that in place of the system image that the avd uses by default . the file in question is in /frameworks/base/core/res/res/values/config.xml within the android source . there should be an option named config_multiuserMaximumUsers which needs to be set to a value greater than 1 . you can try the jar of beans emulator package . it has experimental support for multiple user accounts . note , however , that this is an x86 emulator , not an arm one .
complete android guide is a pretty good introduction/starting point for free on the website , available as an ebook or an app on the market . http://completeandroidguide.com/
this happened to me previously . all i did was just wait and it eventually updated to play store .
the following is no complete solution , but at least a work-around , avoiding a long reboot : there are apps like quick boot ( others have things like " fast reboot " and the like in their names/descriptions ) . other suggested by those names , they do not really reboot your device , but simply restart the system server ( for details , please take a look at can somebody explain the boot process of an android device ? – the system server is started at step 5 of 6 boot steps , so this skips more than half of the way down and up , effectively resulting in a process about 3 times as fast as a complete reboot ) . while this way all your apps are killed as a side effect ( as they require the system server to work ) , it is still a lot faster than a real reboot , and thus " less hazzle " .
it is not " officially " supported , but if you take a look at xda forum you will surely find some unofficial builds . here 's a link to one
there is unfortunately no way to directly edit the dictionary . you can delete any user-added word by highlighting it and hitting the swype key .
you could look at this the other way around and create another group called " not archived " or " active " or something like that , and put all of the contacts that you do want to appear on the phone in that group . then you could just sync this group to the phone ( and do not select " friends " " family " or anything else to sync ) and it should work .
a single green tick mark indicates the whatsapp servers have got your message . a double green tick mark indicates that the recipient 's device has got your message . however , it does not automatically mean that the user has read or seen the message . the last seen online may merely indicate that the user may have been talking to someone on the contact list or been in the whatsapp application for any reason like adjusting settings etc . no guarantee that the user has read your message . taken from http://www.whatsapp.com/faq/en/general/20951546
this appears to be baked in to the stock rom you are using . there are widgets , like silentwidget which will let you toggle the silent mode without using the power button method , although this requires you to go to the launcher to do this - to get around this , have a look at a multitasking app like powerstrip which will allow you to launch apps , see widgets and more from anywhere on your device without having to go back to the launcher .
i have used my tracks while walking , and a cyclist friend of mine is fond of sports track live
a hard reset restores the original factory settings and erases content , including downloaded ringtones , images , programs , and contacts stored in the internal memory . this feature allows for resetting of sound profiles , display settings , and phone or memory card settings . to perform a hard reset using the hardware keys , follow these steps : turn off the device . press and hold both volume up and volume down keys at the same time . press the power key only until the phone vibrates once , then release only the power key . continue to hold the volume up and volume down keys until the android system recovery screen appears . press the volume down key to highlight wipe factory data . press the home key to select . press the volume down key to highlight yes - delete all user data . press the home key to select . press the home key to reboot . but as you said , your screen is broken . check the screenshots and see how many times you want to use down and up volume key , so that the according to number position you can do it .
i managed to make it sound by writing to /dev/msm_pcm_out : mplayer something.mp3 -ao pcm:file=/dev/msm_pcm_out  sound is choppy and it looks hacky in general . video output is something like -vo fbdev:/dev/graphics/fb0 .
since you already had cm10 installed , you should be having the zip file with you . if you do not have it , you can download it from the previous source and place it in your sd card . if you do not have and do not know the source from where you already downloaded , you can try the one from where i had downloaded ( courtesy ) . the reason i am trying to stick to your previous download is that these zip files are unofficial cm builds and are compiled from same source by many developers , each adding their own bells and whistles and most importantly bug fixes . hence you already know what is working and what is not with your previous rom which will avoid you any nasty last minute surprises . as far as the rom that i am using , apart from what is mentioned in the blog , google location service is not working . which means that news and weather app , google maps etc will not get your location without gps . after deciding which rom zip file to use , place the zip file in sd card and switch off the phone . please backup whatever you want as the following steps is going to erase all except the sd card contents . reboot your phone into recovery mode . to do this , press and hold home button , volume down button and while holding both down , power on the device . do not release the home and volume down button until you see the cyanogenmod recovery console . then simply follow the steps as said in the blog .
because of how android has evolved over the years many newer devices have the same files mounted ( usually with a bind mount ) in multiple places . others are symbolic links . it is really too bad that the file manager app is not showing you these details :-/
one solution to this problem : use a tasking program such as locale or tasker and create certain conditions that will enable your wifi ( essentially writing a script as you described ) . for example : use gps and determine if i am at my home ( i believe you can use real gps , which will consume quite a bit of power , or base it off of which cell tower you are connected to , which you would already know anyways if not in airplane mode ) . or you could even setup certain times of the day you know you will be at home , or work , or wherever you regularly have wifi .
there is probably tons of ways to do this , but here 's what i can think of offhand : if you have adb set up on your computer then use it to push the rom file over : adb push /path/to/ROM /sdcard upload it to dropbox , box , or any other cloud file storage service and then download it via the associated android app upload it to a file sharing service like mediafire and then download it in your browser if you downloaded the rom from somewhere , visit that site in the browser on your tablet and download it directly install a file manager or other app that supports ftp and send it over via a wifi lan connection ( one example ) try kies air - i think it supports wireless file transfer
this is something of an oversimplification , but the simple answer is : you can not . what makes this an oversimplification ? well , it is because it depends on how a given app is implemented . android applications are based around the concept of an activity , which is described in the development documentation as : an activity is a single , focused thing that the user can do . when a new activity is launched it is placed onto a system-wide " activity stack " at the top of the stack ( for anyone unfamiliar , see stack ( data structure ) ) . when the back button is pressed , the current activity ( at the top of the stack ) is finished and removed from the stack , causing the previous one ( beneath it on the stack ) to be brought to the foreground . this pop/bring-to-foreground behavior continues as you keep pressing the back button until you land at home , which is the start of the stack . from here , you cannot go " back " any further . now , how does this apply to apps ? in many applications , an activity represents one , individual screen . when you advance to a new screen , then , a new activity is actually created for the screen and pushed onto the stack on top of the one that created it . in apps that use this design , hitting back will , in fact , bring you to the previous screen . the reason should be fairly self-evident : the screen you are currently viewing is on the top of the stack , the previous screen sits below it ( since they are each activities themselves ) . thus , hitting back removes the current screen from the stack , finishes it , and then loads the previous one . this is not a required model , however . you can have an activity that contains multiple layouts and screens . we have used this in my office to , for example , create a configuration wizard of sorts . the idea is that hitting back should simply exit the wizard , and there are " back " and " next " buttons on the screen itself to provide navigation . thus , even if you are on the third screen of the wizard , you have not created any additional activities , so hitting the back button ( hard button ) will take you out of the " wizard activity " and back to the " menu activity " . further , the behavior of the back button can be overridden by an application of they so choose . it simply calls a method named onBackPressed() , which performs the default behavior of going backwards on the activity stack . however , if there is an overridden implementation of onBackPressed() in the current activity , that will be executed instead . so to sum up : the idea that the back button goes back to the previous " screen " is not guaranteed at all . the hard back button deals with activities only , which are often " screens " to the user , but are not necessarily , and are in no way required to be . there is no concept of " go back one screen " unless the app you are using says there is , but that functionality is still not guaranteed to be provided by the back button itself . further reading : activity and task design activity documentation
they are most of the time baked right into the monolithic linux kernel ( or sometimes available as loadable . ko kernel modules located in /system/lib/modules/ ) . note : linux kernel modules are build-specific and cannot be interchanged across devices , different firmware versions . see the wikipedia entry for linux kernel modules
nope you cannot only selectively disable video calls . the least you can do is disable incoming invites from the app settings .
you can not . those quality settings only apply to the desktop version . mobile apps use a different set of videos , which are already optimized for mobile devices , and have two different quality settings , regular and hd .
no , they are not . for as long as you have the account registered in your email app , the policies are applied , however , if you remove the email account then the policies will no-longer be enforced . the app is given a " device administrator " status ( you can see any apps which have this in " security " in your settings ) , and you can revoke that at any time . revoking it , will of course , cause your email to stop working .
install kies in your pc . it will automatically install corresponding usb drivers . edit : samsung kies is a freeware software application used to communicate between windows or mac operating systems , and more recently manufactured samsung mobile phone and tablet computer devices , usually using a usb cable connection ( though wireless lan kies connectivity is now possible using some devices ) . this software may be used for : data backup data transfer ( between a windows or mac pc , and a samsung mobile device ) , limited to certain media file formats . multimedia ( audio , photos , video , etc . ) management , but limited to certain file formats . purchase/acquisition of additional or special device features . device firmware and operating system ( os version ) upgrades . to work all these , usb driver should be installed . so when you install this software it will automatically detect your device and install usb drivers .
the weird problem had a weird solution . i turned the phone off and turned it on again , and the problem was gone . i can not give any reason as to why the problem occurred and why it got solved . might be a bug .
64-bit wep key in ascii mode is 5 characters , and since you have said your wep key is 0e39c004e1 , you have to enter it in hex mode . i am not sure if your phone can handle hex input , so if i were you , i would try to ( temporarily ) assign some other wep password , which can be entered in ascii mode ( 5 random characters , letters or numbers ) , and see if that works from your phone . since you have mentioned that both your phones , xperia x10 and xperia s have the same problem with this router , it might be a good idea to invest about $30 in small wifi router , which can connect to your home network and serve internet to your phones and other wireless devices . i use tl-mr3020 and it works perfectly in many situations .
not sure if you mean you still want to use gv services , but with your phones ' native number ? or do you mean you want to completely circumvent using gv sometimes ? if you meant still use gv , but with your native number : voice-> settings-> this phone 's number then just choose your phone 's native number ( you are still using gv services , but caller-id will show your phone 's number , not your gv number ) . if you meant completely circumvent gv and use your phone as if gv was not installed : voice-> settings-> making calls . choose either Do not use Google Voice to make any calls or Ask every time I make a call
i found a few work arounds , although not too elegant . music i used winamp for mac , and the winamp app to transfer the music from my itunes library . i loaded winamp , and told it to import my itunes media , waited for it to finish , then created playlists . i can then right-click the playlist on the left , and click send to-> lg optimus g . the transfer took a while over wifi , but it moved my library over other files i used the bluetooth exchange program for my mac . in hindsight , i learned eventually i could have transferred via wifi with es file explorer ' s ftp or smb sharing . but again , this is how i solved it . bluetooth was deadly slow , but it did eventually work .
the focus function is achieved by moving the lens back or forth so it is actually a mechanical thing . you can try it yourself . download zxings barcode scanner and fire it up . you will hear a click every time it tries to refocus you can also see the lens moving back and forth .
the apps will not just change when your version changes . all apps have a minimum api version which is required to use the app . so if your apps all have a minimum api version of e.g. froyo and there is no special version for gingerbread all will stay the same . the properties of the android version cannot be changed , only if you compile your own system and write a different version number in there . but this will not solve the problem of the api versions : if you fake an android 4.0.3 with 2.3.6 real system version , some apps will probably not run because they need to have api version 15 and not 8 .
there are many options for custom roms , even for " older " phones such as the s3 . personally i would recommend paranoid android rom as it is very " googley " . i run it on my htc one x and it is very good . you can get started with that by looking on the xda community for that device . unfortunately , you will have to wipe your apps and data , but if you are rooted you can do a backup with something like titanium backup . you may be able to get away with just installing the apk for gear manager , there are many people that have reported that this works on other devices . yes , you will still have access to the play store if you flash the correct gapps for your device .
my phone was a yakju and i do not know why those ones are updated like 2 months after the takju . i had to flash it manually to turn it into a takju and after reboot the update was directly available .
i think to move to the standard google build , you have to root your nexus to bypass the signature verification . otherwise you can not go to the google build . i have a nexus one and it is the same thing . before , i can get the google ota , i had to root my phone .
on xda someone has a set of tools/instructions to determine the dependencies : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1476797
user dictionary manager might be what you are looking for . from the description : udm is an application that allows you to edit/export/import/delete/clean the user dictionary words found on your android phone .
i tried a lot of things . i think switching usb cables made a difference . after i switched and tried the vol down button holding while inserting the usb cable , the phone was recognized in emma but it was locked . but i was able to make flash mode work . so i retried pc companion , the update option which mentions resetting the phone/having trouble which opens a new menu . there i had to download the latest firmware first and then i had to do the vol down thing again after which it started installing the firmware on the phone . emma and pc companion are sony software .
from the sources , it looks like it is printing out the contents of the SignalStrength object : this object is described in detail on the android developers reference here . the string representation of the signalstrength class is defined here ( search for " tostring " function ) : this basically tells you the columns in the dumpsys output .
the clue is in the owner/group id . . . $ ls -l /system/bin/su -rwsr-xr-x root app_101 26234 2012-07-09 15:00 su  notice the group id is set to ' app_101' , that should be ' root ' , but then again , you need the busybox binary ( which is part of the superuser . apk binary , when installed , it copies the relevant said binary into /system/xbin ) in order to be able to chown it .
i think " phone idle " just means general power use from the phone being on ( listening for user activation , waiting for scheduled app actions , basic memory and cpu " being on " stuff etc . ) whereas " cell standby " is about keeping the phone active on the cell network ( brief signals back and forth with cell towers alerting them of your presence , listening for calls or sms ) .
in order for the voice actions to successfully set the alarm the device must contain an app that implements the android.intent.action.SET_ALARM intent . ( read more in the documentation of android . provider . alarmclock . ) there is no guarantee that your device contains such an app ( unless it is a stock android ) . the situation is worse on samsung galaxy s ii ( with ics ) which by default comes with samsung 's own clock app which seems to handle the intent but actually does not , i.e. in response to the voice action a blank clock window pops up and no alarm is set . so voice actions will not even find out that the alarm setting task was not carried out . the only app that i am aware of that properly handles this intent and can be used with voice actions is alarm clock plus★ . it is likely that there are more such apps but android market does not make finding them easy , because it does not offer a search-by-intent feature . . .
1 ) because only the root user can change the system 's frequency/governor . it is a system level function call and only root can do that . 2 ) under clocking really is not the problem . . . it is over clocking . you can not really damage the device , but you could end up in an infinite boot loop and an average user may not know how to get out of that . 3 ) also : you usually want to replace the kernel when over/under clocking to get new frequencies and possibly under volting to save power ( but at the same time , you are going out of the parameters of the cpu and it may end up boot looping because no two cpus are made exactly alike when you are doing things outside their normal operating parameters ) .
for android devices the answer is : 18 months is the maximum supported lifetime . i found this in the google android faq . it is said that the 2 year old galaxy nexus does not recieve an update to android 4.4 " kitkat": galaxy nexus , which first launched two years ago , falls outside of the 18-month update window when google and others traditionally update devices .
i asked a similar question . as a workaround , you can use the data profile feature of titanium backup pro with the analytics app .
it is because you have synchronization off . how else is your device supposed to tell the gmail servers that you have read a message ?
you need to do a factory reset via Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Privacy -&gt; Factory Data Reset ( this may be under a different menu on newer versions of android . ) factory reset formats your device , erasing all 3rd-party installed apps and their settings . it also dis-associates your accounts ( google , or any others you may have added ) from the device , removing any synced contacts . you may also wish to format your sd card if you are giving it along with the phone . apps , books , music and videos that you purchased via google play store are tied to your google account . you will be able to re-download them to your new android device after signing in with your google account .
i am going to answer generally , since the same is true of any smartphone . there are broadly two kinds of colour screen used on mobile devices ( smartphones , tablets , wearables , and handheld game consoles ) : lcds , and oleds . lcd screens these change their opacity according to an electrical signal . but to see that change in opacity , they need a source of illumination : a backlight . in early pdas and the first few generations of android phones , cfls ( which are basically small fluorescent tubes ) were used for backlights , but these days many lcd screens are lit by white leds . either way , the brightness slider controls how bright the backlight is by varying the voltage to it , so it directly affects power consumption , just like a dimmer control on a lamp . it used to be the case that lcds used a lot more power to be opaque , so displaying a black screen drew more power than displaying a white screen . however , manufacturing techniques and densities changed a few years ago , and the difference is negligible these days . oled screens oleds are a new kind of led . they can be a lot smaller than traditional semiconductor leds : small enough for each pixel to be a separate led . there is no need for a separate backlight . because of this , the brightness slider multiplies the brightness of every pixel separately . decreasing the brightness setting does not decrease power consumption directly . the power consumption of the screen depends on how bright is the actual image it is displaying . in general , decreasing the brightness slider will tend to decrease power consumption , because the screen is darker overall , but a white screen on minimum brightness will draw more power than a black screen on maximum brightness . some phones with oled screens have software that adjusts the brightness dynamically , instead of simply multiplying the screen colours by a constant value . this increases the brightness of the bright colours when more of the screen is dark , and decreases the brightness when more of the screen is bright , so the overall brightness looks the same . this can help save power : when you have adjusted the brightness so darks are clear in your environment , there is no point in the phone burning more power to make the brights look brighter than you need . on samsung phones with oled screens , you can find this in the display settings , labelled auto adjust screen tone . summary whatever type of display technology your phone uses , decreasing the brightness control can use less power , but for different reasons in each case .
answer : no based on the currently available information at their support faq page , no , you cannot disable the " sim card change notification " feature with remove sms control : how can i control device via sms configuration 1 ) set a password and enable sms command option using " preference " menu of the app 2 ) send sms commands locate phone : ## locate password siren : ## siren password lock screen : ## lock password screenlockpassword factory reset : ## wipe password reset and format sd : ## wipeall password toggle gps : ## gps password toggle wifi : ## wifi password toggle bluetooth : ## bluetooth password what can you do : you can let the phone owner know how to access the app and from there , pressing " preferences " , it can access the " allow notify via sms " enable/disable checkbox :
the answer is : you cannot . either wait out the harassment , do not open the app for a while , or switch discussion platforms with the people you care to talk to . all unsatisfying solutions , but . . . they are the only ones .
there is this graph from over at wikipedia , which uses the data from google 's dashboard .
changing the default language to non hebrew should solve the problem . i know that may be a pain , but the only other option then is to manually change it . these areas of the email messages are " populated " and use the device language to get the values to use .
actually , tasker is the key here . you can find a tutorial here : control which app is the default for an action . in addition to tasker , you will need the secure settings plug-in . the action involved which can be found there is called package state , where you can select between disable , enable , and toggle . so basically it is a work-around : you disable firefox when switching to 3g , so only opera is available then and will be used . as soon as you switch to wifi ( tasker condition : wifi connected ) , you toggle both package states , so firefox becomes the default browser as it is the only one available .
sounds more like a virus . the only guarenteed way is to flash a fresh rom and start over . malware is getting smarter and smarter and may be able to hide itself on the os unless you start fresh .
it is a fairly common issue apparently . here 's how to fix it : link just killing the dmclient and cmclient services and rebooting did the trick for me . but disclaimer : results may vary .
tasker can have approaching/leaving a location as a trigger , and sending a text message as an action . i have read before of people setting it up to do exactly what you are asking for .
to return to the last page you visited , you can just tap on the screen to notice a bar in the bottom . if you look closer you can see a blue triangle that marks the last visited page . click on it and you will return to that page ! click image for larger version hope this helps .
i got a reply from htc technical support . make of it what you will , i have asked the lady to clarify what she means as i do not understand her engrish . thank you for providing me with the additional details to enable me to resolve your enquiry . it’s always our aim to ensure that our customers’ issues are resolved first time and i’m sorry that this has not happened in your case . thank you for performing the steps outlined in my previous email . i can confirm this has been removed in the 1.28 update for your device , headset setting they have now are gone and turns into “other” . i am sorry for any inconvenience this may have caused you . i look forward to hearing that this has resolved your enquiry , to close your email or alternatively to reply to me please follow the links below . you will shortly receive an email asking you to submit your feedback , i would appreciate if you could take the time to let me know about the level of service i have provided you with . apologies for the formatting , the htc support portal strips everything ! :facepalm : so , in order to see the icon again . you need to plugin a headset/headphones drag down your notifications bar , and hit ' settings ' click on ' sound ' you will notice the ' sound enhancer ' menu is now not greyed out tap this and you will then get a choice of ' sound enhancers ' to use confirmed as working for me .
as you said your phone is unrooted , which has two implications . you can not , without altering the phone thoroughly check whether it was tampered with . it makes it harder to tamper with the device . so what you are asking for is not possible without possibly destroying evidence of tampering . if you are afraid what they might have done to it i suggest two options : either do a factory reset or buy a new phone . even if you could look for evidence of tampering be aware that you can never be sure . checksums and modification dates can be faked . if i was you i would ditch that phone . i could never feel safe knowing that someone i do not know access to it for two days . prevention is another thing though . if you want to make sure that this does not happen again watch out for these things : screen lock . use at least a complicated pattern lock makes an attacker harder to access your data . even better set a pass phrase . root this gives complete control to anyone who has physical access to your device . plant fake call logs ? done ! fake text messages ? done ! install undetectable surveillance software ? done ! you get the idea . superuser ( the de facto standard app for managing root access ) has an option to require a passcode as a prerequisite to granting root . use it . disable usb debugging while it is not too dangerous in itself if coupled with root it can provide access to the entire contents of your device even if you have a screen lock . encryption if your device is running android 3.0 or later you have acces to full device encryption . use it . backup apps apps like titanium backup can backup sensitive data to your sdcard . even if you did all of the above , all an attacker would have to do is take out your sdcard an voila ! full access to everything ! make sure that your backups are encrypted with the strongest possible encryption .
i tried a different approach , seeing the problem was with radio / telephony . . . i put in another sim from a different carrier , and so far i am having no reboots ! what is the difference ? my main carrier is a " virtual carrier " , a company that rents other company 's network to offer their service , usually with more competitive prices . the sim i am using now is from a traditional carrier that owns the network directly . what i think happens is that when using a virtual carrier , you are having a sort of permanent roaming : the phone has to first get into the network owning carrier and then join the virtual network of the virtual carrier . somehow this is making the droid 3 crazy . the signal strength meter was indeed showing a small " r " indicating i was in roaming . i assumed this was because being an us phone , it took any non-us network as roaming , but now that i am using the regular carrier sim , the signal strength bar is not showing " r " anymore . seems i will have to change my carrier to a network owner , which unfortunately have much less competitive prices . but at least i found a way of using the droid 3 without constant reboots ! ! for future reference to other spanish users : i am having the reboots using a simyo sim ( which runs on the orange network ) , but with a movistar sim there are no reboots .
files and directories below /data/data are protected from the " average user " , so you cannot simply " pull " them unless the adb daemon is running in root mode . other than the file you were referring to ( /system/buildprop is at least readable by all apps ) , folders below /data/data are " invisible " ( except for root ) , so they cannot even be read . to be able to use adb pull on them , you need to make your adb daemon run in root mode first . depending on the device , a simple adb root command might do that – but most devices will refuse to do . in those cases , you can use chainfire 's adbd insecure : install this app on your device , start it there , and manually switch to " insecure " mode . now the pull should succeed . remark : it is called " insecure " because running adbd as root gives everybody with a computer and an usb cable access to everything on your device . just in case you wonder .
short answer : unless you have changed it yourself , it is dalvik . dalvik is currently the supported vm for android . art is a new vm , which is expected to become the supported one for the future l release . if you are using the l developer preview , you are using art . in kitkat , there is a preview ( an early beta version ) of art , which you can turn on from the developer options . it is not recommended to do this , because the preview has bugs and is not yet compatible with all apps . the option 's there primarily for app developers to test their apps with art and report bugs . so unless you are using the l developer preview , or have turned on art in the developer settings , you are using dalvik , which is the only recommended option for end users .
the problem was in the android version , after i got firmware update it fixed the problem
ivona voice sounds the best hands down ( especially amy and the new not yet on android salli voice ) . works great on all apps for me . sadly , whenever i reboot phone , ivona no longer works . only fix is to reinstall the whole thing which is a total pita . i still do it though cause it sounds so much better then any of the other choices .
i would expect tts and asr to be very memory-intensive as they process input ( which needs to be stored and transformed ) and generate output . so slow memory would probably be a limiting factor with a fast cpu . there should also be a little i/o -- loading voice samples for comparison and playback -- but i would not expect it to be as much of an issue . i can not get any more specific since i do not know how the default engine works ( i suspect few people outside google do ) . you might get a better answer on stackoverflow , since this is more of a question about the specifics of an algorithm and not really about android use .
it may be the link to the play store was lost . i think if you install an app from , say , the amazon app store , google play will not be able to update or uninstall it , as the link is gone . similarly , restoring an app from a previous rom backup may not create that link . titanium backup can recreate the links ( the free version can can not do this ) . or you could uninstall the app and try installing it fresh from google play .
the avd is not in charge for real devices . there is a step-by-step tutorial from xamarin for nexus devices : http://developer.xamarin.com/guides/android/getting_started/installation/set_up_device_for_development/ http://developer.xamarin.com/guides/android/deployment,_testing,_and_metrics/debugging_with_xamarin_android/ if this will not work , try to stop your firewall .
update 8/16/2011 minecraft pocket edition is now available in the google play store ! however it seems it will only be available for the sony ericsson 's xperia play . update engadget hands-on of the game here is a video from " sonyericssondev " showing minecraft being played on the xperia play update : it looks like minecraft mobile will be revealed at e3 2011 ( june 7-9 ) . however it will only be available on ' . . . sony ericsson 's playstation-certified xperia play ' at first and then sometime later available for other android devices . sources : gamersutra droidgamers previous posts below while it may not be possible right now , it looks like the developer will eventually bring minecraft to android . androidcentral engadget edit : i found a ' minedroid ' google code page today - i have not tried it myself but under " downloads " there is an apk that was release on feb 25th . i suggest looking at the wiki for instructions on installing and running . edit 2: i found droidcraft just a few minutes ago . while it is not true minecraft the describes it as an " android survival / crafting game inspired by minecraft " . i am downloading now to check it out . game website
this problem went away after i installed a kernel and rom that was developed more specifically for my particular phone , the sc-02c . the lesson learned was to be really sure before rooting or upgrading that one is working with the exact right rom and kernel .
i managed to work it out with the nexus root toolkit in the end . however , i did not get around scrapping the existing contents this way . so what i did was to back up all my data and applications and then flash a new stock rom ( 4.2.1 ) . this worked fine , but it means i needed to re-encrypt the device and restore from the backup whatever i wanted . so it was more tedious than expected , but well worth it in hindsight . especially the multi-user system is worth it for me .
yes , you need an otg cable . the pin layout is different than a regular micro usb to usb cable ; essentially , it is equivalent to shorting pins 4 and 5 on a normal cable . this is what causes the phone to know that it needs to be the host rather than the slave . in fact , you can do this yourself if you are handy with electronics and have a cable you do not mind taking apart , though they are also readily available at many online retailers ( amazon , newegg , monoprice , etc ) .
where is the application installed the . apk file is put into /data/app ( see : where in the file system are applications installed ? ) where are its preferences stored this depends on the application . if it uses the sharedpreferences classes then they go in /data/data/&lt;app's package name&gt;/shared_prefs , but they could feasibly be stored anywhere the app can write data to ( i.e. . all of /data/data/&lt;app's package name&gt; , the sd card , etc ) . where is information such as usernames and passwords stored this also depends on the app . most often , probably somewhere in /data/data/&lt;app's package name&gt; . they could also use accountmanager apis ( the app must request this permission ) which i believe will use the /data/system/accounts.db database .
the samsung flavor of android ( and possibly others ? ) keeps the alerts accesible , but very well-hidden . click on the section of the bottom menu bar with the time , then slide up where it reads " settings " . the alerts are visible there .
there is indeed an extension which does this . it is called phony and you should be able to find it if you use the addons search from within firefox mobile . after it is installed , you will get a new drop-down entry in your preferences menu where you can choose your user agent ( the most recent version actually has more choices than the picture below ) :
cell signal to add to ce4 's answer : you can check that for yourself . if you take a look at your battery stats ( they are always at a little different place in the system menu : sometimes in the main menu , other times under phone info ) , it lists the apps which used most of your battery . one of the highest consumers in there is most likely your display -- and close to it you will find an item cell standby ( sometimes called phone standby ) . this describes how much battery was used to " keep the signal " . check that in times of good reception versus those of bad reception and see how much it differs . network stuff this can even be " multiplied " if you have many apps running services to poll information from the net permanently -- like email apps using imap idle , or some social chat app keeping a push connection . it looks like the same is happening here : it tries hard to keep the connection , and thus pushes the cell radio further . due to the bad reception , the connection gets slow , and those services keep longer " wake locks " ( keeping the cpu alive to complete their task ) , which again eats battery . how to find out if your reception was good ? the system does in fact provide this information ( at least from android 2.3/gingerbread on ) , in the very same battery statistics mentioned before . on top of the first page you find a small graph 1 : tap on it , it brings up a bigger one 2 . the screenshots are in german , but you still can tell the details : in the first 1 , you see the cell standby titled " mobilfunk-standby " right next to the display , as said before . on top of that is mentioned " mini-graph " . that tapped brings you to the page where you find the second image 2 at the bottom . here take a look at the first graph , titled telefonsignal ( phone signal ) . " the greener the cleaner": a bright green means " good reception " ( the screenshot shows this at the begin and end , that is here : morning and evening -- so at home i have good reception ) . getting yellowish : " moderate reception " . this uses more energy : compare it with the graph on top of it ( not in the screenshot -- but the same as in the first screenshot ) , and you see the bar is almost flat where the cell signal is good -- but falls faster where it is not . see the little red spots : " no reception " . and phone will power-up like crazy to find a new cell tower . . . how to find out where the dead spots are ? here we need to use 3rd party tools . i will mention two of them here : no signal alert 3 and opensignalmaps 4 . both can alert you when entering a " dead zone": no signal alert lets you view a log of cell state changes , plus can show you a map of where the dead zones were 3 . opensignalmaps has the plus of showing you all cell towers in reach 4 , pointing out which you are connected to . it also offers you a " compass " giving the direction to the strongest signal . how to automatically deal with those dead zones ? there are some little helpers available which watch your signal . if it drops or gets lost , they simply switch the radio off ( so it cannot further power up searching a non-existing signal ) -- and periodically activate it again to check whether the situation has improved . one of them is battery saver 5 , which also lets you define profiles so you can easily switch other things like wifi . then there are more powerful " automaters " like e.g. greenpower free battery saver 6 , which even manage a lot more . and these two are not the only ones . . .
most darky 's packages i have seen are your normal update . zip variety that are flashed through recovery , so you should be good to go . if it is an odin package it should say so &mdash ; always vet your sources ( here 's a good one ) . i see no reason to believe flashing from cm would be a problem either unless it messed with your partitions . if you have problems you can always odin to stock and then root , install clockworkmod , and flash darky 's again . the whole process only takes a couple minutes . ( so if you are concerned , go right ahead and odin to stock , it costs you nothing ; just save your backups to a pc first . )
motorola 's xoom support forums has a thread that is updated when updates go out , and contains links to the lists of changes in the updates which ( for us wifi xooms ) is here . according to that two software updates have gone out in the last few weeks , htk55d and htk75d the first contains security updates , the second updates to included apps . specifically they contain : htk55d platform security fixes : diginotar certificate revocation the security fix removes a compromised root certificate authority ( ca ) . libpng security update libpng has been updated to version 1.2.46 to correct for multiple publicly-known security issues . htk75d android™ market has been updated . android™ books has been updated .
there are some projects that have gotten livesuit to work on linux , such as this website and details in this forum . most of what i could find focused on a10 chipsets , but a13 is close enough that it might work ( of course , you will have to find a13 specific roms ) . the second link also shows how to manually install drivers . since you did not specify your exact model , you may have to modify the directions somewhat to work with your device . the easiest solution , of course , is to get access to a windows box . a year ago , linux support was not so good , so i had to borrow someone 's computer for a bit to flash my allwinner a13 tablet . even more restrictive is the ability to generate your own rom images . i could not find anything that would work on linux , so i was stuck using windows to upgrade my tablet * to android 4.1 . *i wrote this post .
if you lock a message , when you delete a conversation with a locked message , every message other than the locked message will be erased from that conversation .
well . . . finding an old package , looking at those files i discovered the answer . sometimes it takes very long to find it and the solution is simple . short answer you should also move " phonesky . apk " to /system/app/ folder and then restart your phone . summary download the latest play store . apk ( try for example android police ) : http://www.androidpolice.com/2014/03/13/download-latest-google-play-store-4-6-16-with-new-require-password-option-tweaked-ui-forced-self-update-and-more/ get the gapps . zip for your system : http://wiki.cyanogenmod.org/w/google_apps from this . zip , move these 4 files to your phone storage : " gmscore . apk " , " googleloginservice . apk " , " googleservicesframework . apk " and " phonesky . apk " . use a file explorer ( like file manager with root right ) to move these 4 files to /system/app/ install play store . apk ( for example : cm . android . vending-4.6.16 . apk ) restart phone done :d
nope , at least not as of now . you can factory reset your device to remove the first account you set up ( on some devices , you can just remove all the accounts without the reset ) and then add the other one first , if you would like to use it instead . but if you actively want to use both , you are stuck .
since this is of the samsung galaxy family , the following may help you : on my galaxy s3 , the setting is controlled as ' alerts on call ' . see : dialer\call settings\call alert\alerts on call - uncheck this and calls will not be interrupted with notifications .
k-9 mail allows to choose the " from " mail address when composing a message ( or replying to a received message ) . click the " from " address field and a pop-up menu will appear which allows you to choose the appropriate account . k-9 supports pop/imap/exchange ( via webdav ) accounts . pictures for illustration compose window : account chooser :
i manually setup an exchange activesync account with the following settings :
no , the droid is a cdma phone . in general you can assume that phones on verizon and sprint will not work on at and t or t-mobile , and vice-versa .
to add to @mattthew ' s comment , even if you move the apps to sd card part of them always reside inside internal memory . also the system needs to know what apps are installed , apps like market need to know about them . so , no they will not work after factory reset . for big games like from gameloft the extra data you downloaded from inside the game will work though . i do not know what will happen to this with the new market policy of allowing upto 4gb files .
yes and kinda . you are talking about usb on the go ( otg ) and android is capable of it but it is not officially supported . i could not find any apps in the app market that handle it but here are a couple people that got it working : http://sven.killig.de/android/n1/2.2/usb_host/ ( this guy basically turned his nexus one into a whole work station ) http://www.tombom.co.uk/blog/?p=124 that second tutorial tells you to hack a cable but you can actually buy an otg cable so this is not necessary . also , i have seen some phones claim they are going to come out with usb otg a while ago but i do not recall anything ever materializing .
at least in this device , the network configuration dialog is plagued with bugs . what i did is to create the network , save it , then long click to modify it and the options appear . i have also used wifi manager to configure the network . good to know someone developed an app to do what google could not get right . and i have seen some other bugs in this dialog too . for instance , when you type the ca certificate name , then you save the network , and then you open it again to modify , the cert name is no longer there ( this field used to be a spinner in previous versions , but now it is a regular text field ) . a similar problem happens with the password . after typing it and saving the network , then opening the network again to modify it , the password field only contains a single character . and it somehow seems to save the configuration mostly ok , it is just the dialog is not initialized correctly with the previously saved fields .
just about every samsung device can be flashed with odin , regardless of what firmware is installed on it at the time . for specific instructions you can refer to this xda thread , which explains how to flash a rooted fc09 image : put your device into download mode connect to your computer and make sure odin recognizes your device flash the clockworkmod . tar . md5 . make sure everything is unchecked including autoreboot ! ! ! ! once odin does its thang , unplug your phone and pull the battery now reboot into cwm recovery by pressing and holding the power button , camera , and volume down button until the capacitive buttons at the bottom show now locate the rom . zip . it should be called deodexedfc09 . zip wipe data/factory reset , wipe cache partition , wipe dalvik cache , and if you want wipe batt stats now reboot , and you should be running stock rooted fc09 ! odin : http://www.mediafire.com/?66csfeo1ce95ysw cwm tar : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1357655 stock fc09: http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1580931 you should be able to get the epic into download mode by doing the following : you enter download mode by shutting device completely off . then open the physical keyboard press and hold the 1 key and then press power for a few seconds . downgrading , rooting , and then updating seems unnecessarily complicated . the updates probably would not apply on their own once the device was rooted , so you had need to install them manually anyway . you might as well just install the image you want straight away instead , whether that is a stock one like the above linked image or cyanogenmod .
app developers have the ability to do a staged roll-out of updates to their apps through google play store . this means that a small percentage of users ( chosen randomly ) receives the update first . the developer can gauge the feedback , and then proceed to a wide roll-out until they reach 100% of their install base . it is possible that the latest version of this particular app was recently released in such a staged roll-out . one of your phones was randomly selected to be in the initial stage , while the other was not . there is nothing for you to do , other than wait for the roll-out to complete . as comments suggest , you can also attempt to sync the app manually by retrieving it from one phone and installing it on the other . this requires installation of usb drivers for your phone on your computer , and a copy of android sdk . if you are rooted , you can get the apk of the app using adb pull /data/app/&lt;app_package_name&gt;.apk c:\ command , and then connect the other phone and do adb install -r c:\&lt;app_package_name&gt;.apk . on unrooted devices you may want to look into adb backup utility which allows you to generate an .ab file which contains the apk of the app , along with its data . for example , the command adb backup -f c:\Skype.ab -apk com.skype.raider creates " skype . ab " file on my c : drive that contains the skype app and its data . i can then use adb restore c:\Skype.ab command to restore the app with the data . optionally , you can clear the data for the app from your other phone in settings -> apps . the difficulty is locating the package name of the app you want to back up . although package names are usually descriptive enough , sometimes they can be quite cryptic . fortunately , play store itself has the package name in the url . in your example , the app out of milk is located at the following url : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.capigami.outofmilk . the portion of this url after " id=" is the package name . in this case it is com . capigami . outofmilk . so your backup command becomes adb backup -f c:\OutOfMilk.ab -apk com.capigami.outofmilk .
kies allows backups , but not the application settings , only limited content such as contacts , bookmarks , music , photo and videos . you can see the kies tutorial on backup : open kies v2.0 , " help menu-> kies tutorial-> backup and restore mobile phone data " section for details and a movie . you can also try mybackup free from market , which does not require root . wish you luck !
you need to install apps that are classified as " accessibility apps " . the most used ones are part of the eyes-free suite ( talkback , kickback , soundback , accessibility preferences , eyes-free shell , talking dialer , rock lock , walky talky , intersection explorer ) , plus several useful 3rd party apps such as ideal web reader , ideal magnifier , and k9 mail . more info - https://eyes-free.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/documentation/android_access/enabling.html
you do not need to use 3rd party things like a swap partition or zramswap . 512mb ram was/is still standard and will be sufficent for almost all scenarios most probably for some time ( at least for android 4.0 and 4.1 , see this cyanogenmod forum post ) . ( you stated in the comments that your xperia active has 512mb ram ) longer version : to begin with , " rom " is basically a false name for the system partition and means read-only-memory ( it is most of the time mounted read-only , hence " rom" ) , this sits most probably on some kind of nand flash . ram ( random-access-memory ) is ' working ' memory that is really fast but volatile in comparison to nand flash . both types are needed ( fast vs . persistent ) and cannot be interchanged . at least not completely ( you could add a swap partition on custom roms . ) at first : do not use the internal memory as swap ! flash storage ( nand ) has only about 10.000 write cycles . better use your sdcard for it . see this guide on xda for the pro 's and con 's and howto do it . if you just want to play around and wonder if you could do something useful with the free space on your /data partition : do not do it . leave it the way it is . here 's a basic picture illustrating a regular architecture .
i am not 100% sure . but iirc the problem with normal usb storage is android has to partition your phone for internal storage and usb storage . you computer can then umount the usb storage from phone and mount it in your computer . so in many phones without mtp , even though the internal storage had capacity like 16gb only 1 or 2 gb was available for app installation . while some phone gave upto 8gb for app , that space was wasted for people who did not need that much for app but needed space for music and photos . with mtp mode there is not separate partition but a whole single partition . so if you have 16gb internal storage in your phone , you can use whole 16gb for apps , music and photos . mtp mode is available from honeycomb and i do not think its an optional component . i mean i do not think you can say i do not want mtp mode , i want usb storage mode .
use android device manager to get past your password , then you will be able to access menus and change the language .
yes , it is using a push notification via google cloud messaging ( gcm ) , the same as google+ hangouts , google+ , gmail , and some third-party apps .
it will only show up if you open up an application that will use the gps for something . for example just open up google maps . if you want to know if you left the gps activated , just slide the notification panel and at the top you will have the toggle buttons , one of them is the gps .
any phone you will get will draw power from the battery , not directly from the charger . let 's make some assumptions : your phone takes 2 hours to charge when off . your phone always uses constant power when on . your phone drains a full battery in 8 hours . charging and discharging is completely linear . so if you plug your phone in when it is completely drained and turn it on , it will be charged to 75% ( 100% - 2/8 ) after two hours . it'll take 3 hours and 20 minutes to charge fully . as illustrated above it will take longer to charge the battery when the battery 's being drained at the same time . obviously , none of the assumptions hold in real life , but it is more or less accurate . certainly it will charge the fastest when off . as for the question of cpu scaling , that is very interesting . the rate of battery drain affects the maximum rate of charge , so less cpu work means less drain and a faster charge . i am not totally convinced that underclocking the cpu will achieve this , though . if your phone is idle it should already be doing a negligible amount of work . slowing the cpu will make that little amount of work use the cpu for longer . it is almost certainly chipset-dependent whether 100 ms at 100 mhz take more or less energy than 10 ms at 1000 mhz , for example . if setcpu is altering the voltages as well , that further complicates things .
according to this scamwarners post , it may be a scam . the site root android . org supposedly carries out the service of rooting and unrooting mobile phones with a " special " program . like all scam sites "100% money back guarantee if not satisfied " is a in your face feature , alas nothing is further from the truth . after initial email contact regarding technical issues with the downloaded program , there is nothing and certainly no contact when exercising the refund option . i have since searched and found that the program root android . org uses is a free download from a few specific sites that deal openly with the global community . the old warning of buyer be ware rings true , i sincerely would not use this site again and warn anybody who is contemplating mobile phone rooting to steer clear of root android . org .
credit to izzy for the solution . the problem with the factory reset was that google back up copy included some apps and they were reinstalled . so you have to untick the back up to google on the recovery menu and make sure to untick it when you are starting up your phone again . it is checked as default . it even solved the issue i had with the dictionary app , as i could re choose the dictionary i need .
there is not a native notes app for the nexus s because it does not have touchwiz ui . i am quite certain the voice action ' note to self ' actually sends an email to yourself ( i do not personally use that action , not sure it likes a british accent ) there are loads of third party apps though . for example scribb . it is full to the bursting with features , ak notepad is quite a good simple one or evernote has a strong following and quite a few more features .
while i have not seen that issue , you can restart the radio . dial *#*#INFO#*#* , choose Phone info and scroll down . click the Turn off radio button , then click its replacement , cunningly called Turn on radio . a nexus 5 , being google , should support the standard android_secret_code uris , so INFO should be present . other vendors may replace/remove/augment those , so bets are off on anything not directly from google .
here installer for easy installation or widget only for manual installation installation instruction prerequisites : you must be rooted you must be able to write to /system/app/ folder . usb debugging is a " secure " setting , so this widget must be installed as a system apps . it will not work if you install to the standard install location even in rooted device . easy instruction ( recommended ) nico have written an easy-to-use installer to automate installation to /system/app/ ; download it here and run the installer app . add the widget to your home screen like regular widget . manual installation if the easy instruction does not work , try the manual installation : download adbwidget . apk and save it to your computer copy adbwidget . apk to /system/app method 1 -- using android debug bridge ( adb ) remount /system/app to read-write ( see additional instructions section below ) adb push ADBWidget-x.x.apk /system/app/ADBWidget.apk ( replace x . x with the appropriate version number ) remount /system/app to read-only method 2 -- using recovery 's update . zip ( have not been tested yet ) method 3 -- using root explorer ( have not been tested yet ) add adbwidget to your home screen upgrade instruction if you are upgrading from a previous version , you do not need to do all of the above again . you can simply install an update on regular application directory by using regular installation methods ( e . g . opening the apk from a file explorer ) . as long as there is a previous version of the widget in the /system/app directory with the same signing key ( i.e. . my key , if you used the apk download above ) , android will give the updated version in /data/app the same permission . usage instruction click on the widget to toggle usb debugging . blue usb icon means that usb debugging is inactive , red usb icon means that usb debugging is enabled . uninstall instruction since the widget is installed to /system/app , you cannot remove it using standard application uninstaller . so , simply delete the . apk from /system/app . su remount /system as read write rm /system/app/ADBWidget.apk remount /system as read only  additional instruction remounting /system/ as read-write open " terminal emulator " or " adb shell " get root permission , type su get the device name , type mount | grep /system you should see something similar to : /dev/&lt;device-name&gt; on /system type rfs (ro,codepage=utf8,vfat,fcache(blks)=128,xattr,check=no) take note of the &lt;device-name&gt; , and type : mount -o remount,rw /dev/&lt;device-name&gt; /system remounting /system/ as read-only step 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 same as above type : mount -o remount,ro /dev/&lt;device-name&gt; /system troubleshooting sometimes the widget froze and do not responds to clicks . if this happens , removing and re-adding the widget usually will fix the problem . note do not complain about the ugly default icon and widget button , but if you can send me a better icon/widget image , i would be happy to add it . now we have an icon , thanks to @jay . do not trust strangers that asks you to install an application to /system/app tested on samsung spica i5700 spicagenmod froyo .
i am leaving my old answer since the browse and parsing examples may still be useful for some people . thanks to the developer 's version 5.5 update to sshelper , you can create a user defined name to be the phones zeroconf instance name . sshelper will run the ssh server on a non-rooted android . it will register the bluetooth name as the zeroconf name . now , as long as the machine you are connecting from has the avahi/bonjour client software , you can ping , ssh , sftp , or rsync to phonename . local . if you do not change your bluetooth name , it will default register with the device model name . e.g. " nexus_4" # For example: ping Nexus_4.local SSH Nexus_4.local 
go to Settings -&gt; About phone -&gt; USB Settings and set it to mass storage . you may also need to enable or disable Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Development -&gt; USB debugging . the drives should be visible to the pc when you connect the device , but you should also have to click the usb notification you mention and tell it to actually mount the storage to pc so that they are accessible . finally , try looking at this for more info : http://androidforums.com/android-lounge/115574-solved-cannot-mount-android-device-via-usb-linux.html
looks like this might be hardware , but not broken hardware . edit : see comments below , but i suspect this is actually the tag hardware i was using and not the phone hardware causing the problem . this appears to be a design flaw with the nexus 4 and i would absolutely love to hear from any other nexus 4 owners who use nfc tags . i managed to get it to work consistently with some tags at home ( i.e. . not broken hardware ) . the only tags i can get to work though are " sticker " tags . the other tags i have are wrapped in some kind of hard plastic enamel to protect them from damage and allow you to carry them on a keychain etc . . . ( also some which are specially designed to work near metal and other sources of interference , they did not work , i assume because they are also thicker than paper ) . any nfc tag that was made of the thicker plastic ( i.e. . not a pure sticker ) would not scan , i am thinking this has to do with range . i could get them to scan somewhat inconsistently so i know the tags were ok ( also tested on other phone ) . they also scanned better when i removed the back cover , but this cover is literally 1mm thick . maybe 1.5mm . it is a ringke slim . so i have to conclude there is something internal to the nexus 4 that is ruining the range . seems like a massive oversight , but what other conclusion can you draw from the results i have so far ? will update if i learn more . does anyone have a nexus 4 and use a thicker nfc tag ( basically anything that is not paper thin ) ? if so , let me know , otherwise i will accept this answer in a few days .
open joined contact > menu button > mark as default > chose account , name , phone . thats all .
you want to check out android x86 project . they have documentation and installation instruction for installing an android on a regular laptop/desktop .
there are really only 2 tool tips that you dismiss . you had be better off finding a tutorial or video to teach her .
i have a nexus 7 v2 and when you bring down the notification area there is a buton with you username on it and the picture you chose . when you click that button , it will bring you to the log in screen where you can switch users . doing it this way does not end your session .
i believe you need the stock recovery , based on http://2chnull.info/r/smartphone/1292830738/801-900 . you can get back to stock recovery easily , for example follow this thread : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=884093
a friend just recommended call control to me for this very reason . i am starting to get spam calls on my cell phone and it disgusts me . plus there is a black list feature as well .
go to settings , applications . find the app that has the default set . scroll down to the bottom of that view and click the " clear defaults " button .
have a look on http://www.appoozle.com/ they provide an app and a web information service that allows publishers to justify the permissions their apps require .
i had to rebuild my phone after a firmware update ; in doing so , i skipped over a lot of the junk that i would previously installed . the upshot is that i no longer suffer this problem ( nor several others that had crept in ) . while it could be the software update that was the solution , i suspect that it was more likely that the clean install that did the trick . on the plus side , the problem has disappeared ; on the negative side , we do not know what the solution is .
no . in mass storage mode the phone effectively acts as a card reader , so the pc has complete control over it . if the phone were to mount the card at the same time as the pc , the filesystem on the card would become corrupted . that is why android phones do not offer usb mass storage any more . with mtp , the pc goes through what is effectively a file server on the android phone , instead of mounting the card 's filesystem completely . that way , the phone still has access to the card , and the phone can control what the pc can access .
how about using nfc to tell the phone that it should switch itself to driving mode when inserted into the cradle ? you can get nfc stickers for few euro/pounds on ebay . . . , put one to the back of the cradle , setup your phone and off you go :- ) that probably is not what you are looking for but still , it is nice and elegant solution ; - )
the error [ rpc:s-5:aec-0 ] is down to having to remove your google account and re-add it again . if your account is primary google account , the only way you can remove it is to factory reset and re-install everything ! that is the only known cure and quoted by google themselves ! do not think they are taking it seriously enough . it broke on a previous update to google play store about two months ago . i get that too , if keep trying over a few minutes , it will eventually update , not successfully though . i do think its more of an issue on the google system itself in conjunction with play store app . it is not just confined to aosp jb/ics or cyanogenmod , i get in on gingerbread too . ps : as matter of curiousity - do you have google 2-step account verification active on your account ?
do you mean you want to see which ports are being used on the pc or android device ? you can use the netstat command for this . on windows : netstat -an | find /i "listening" on linux : `netstat -an | grep " listen " ( notice the space after listen ) this shows all the ports that are listening for incoming connection ( i.e. . have a server of some kind behind them ) . if you need to know which server , you can use this on linux : netstat -anp | grep "LISTEN " . do not know about the windows counterpart , but there is a -o switch to print the process id and you can compare it to the ones in task manager .
rooting the galaxy attain 4g ( sch-r920 ) on metropcs a step by step tutorial accredit to zhelezaka from http://forum.x-drivers.com/ . requirements : necessary files : all files hosted on my dropbox account ! odin3 v1.85 ; attain rooted update ; attain 4g pit file ; setup : a pc running the windows operating system ; i have used windows 7 the cable to connect your android device to the pc . tutorial : download all files from the " necessary files list " to a folder on your desktop ; extract *odin3_v1.85 . zip* to a folder on your desktop ; locate an open the odin 1.85 . exe to open up odin3 ; if the user account control ( uac ) pops up , accept the execution of the file . click on the pda button . navigate to the location where you downloaded the attain-rooted-update . tar file and select it . click on the pit button . navigate to the the location where you downloaded the attain-4g . pit file and select it . do not forget to extract the file first , since the application only works with the attain-4g . pit file inside the zip you have downloaded . make sure that repartition is unchecked . this is important as checking this will most definitely brick your device ! note that when you select the pit file , it gets checked , you need to uncheck it yourself . power down your device ; with your device switched off , press and hold the volume down + home + power buttons . then press the volume up key to enter the download mode . connect your device to the windows pc . you should see the id:com field light up yellow when you do this ; if this does not happen , it means that you don’t have the necessary drivers installed . you can download samsung kies and install it to rectify this problem . android sdk samsung usb driver your odin3 screen should now look like the picture posted below . again , make sure that the re-partion tickbox is unchecked before you click start ! click on start . note : once odin3 says " pass " and your device reboots , your samsung galaxy attain 4g should be rooted ! ! if you are in doubt though , the usual way to confirm is to download root checker from the google play store or look for the superuser app in the app drawer . useful links : samsung product page gsmarena device specifications
try " reboot recovery " , though it does not work on all devices . you might also need root for this , so first try " su root " .
answering my own question here . bottom line here is android users must manage their own pictures and videos storage . it is important to understand that the " gallery " application ( and probably the new alternative " photos" ) is not synced to google plus , they are merely backuped ; this means that gallery does not deletes ( leave a thumbnail ) least recent used pictures to save space ( as i mistakenly assumed ) . i , for one , will be using google plus application from now on to be able to access all my pictures and videos and will be deleting images as soon as they are backuped .
i believe this xda forum post will give you a good head start . note : this is written for the sapphire . compiling and flashing a kernel for the n1 . another guide from xda forums . compiling systems apps .
no . updating from 4.2.2 to 4.3 will retain your data , but this will make you lose root . to root , you would need to unlock the bootloader , which will almost always require a factory reset ( thus , you lose your data ) . so , i suggest to back-up your user apps and data with titanium backup or something similar .
the best explanation i could find online : people details is a new sync service related to the recent release of google play games . it was pushed to most ( if not all ) android devices recently . its purpose is to tie you together across all google play services ( the separate services available from the google play screen ) . the idea is to maintain a uniform and unique " identity " for you in all related google games so that data from one can potentially be used to " enhance " the user experience in another the contact sync is for the usual contacts that a user saves directly on your phone .
on android phone . just type in the dial *#9900# then choose the second one " delete dumpstate/logcat " . problem is solved .
note : i am on samsung galaxy s2 , android 4.0.3 elixir for android has an " sd mount toggle " feature . it could unmount a removable card ( /mnt/sdcard/external_sd ) , but not ( /mnt/sdcard ) . i could not get it to mount by clicking the toggle again , but a restart [ toggle also available ] will mount the removable card . this is probably a bug with elixir ; and i will try to contact the developer .
yes you can do that . firstly enable the the developer mode by tapping the build number in about phone then go in developer options and then check force rtl layout
as of 10/20/12 , no one has ever rooted the commando . xda developers forum is home to some of the innovators in the droid world , and no one there has yet come up with a way . couple of reference points for you : casio g'zone commando [ q ] casio commando 2.3.3 root-impossible
answering my own question , this seems to just be my misunderstanding of how google now works . i was typing the search and expecting a voice response . but apparently it only responds with a voice if you ask with a voice . if i use voice search , then a voice does indeed reply . leaving this question/answer here in case anyone else has the same misunderstanding .
combining several apps you most likely find useful for other means as well , this should be accomplishable . so first , let 's list the components : tasker : the mighty automation tool will trigger several actions for us foldersync : will do the real copy/sync jobs titanium backup will do your backups ( well , it does already ) . no need to elaborate on titanium backup , as you already use it . most likely together with its integrated scheduler , so you have an idea about what time that job has finished . so the next candidate is foldersync . it obviously can do with owncloud , as described e.g. in use the android app foldersync with owncloud – using webdav , in fact . which means you have first to setup your owncloud account in foldersync ( as described in the linked short-tut ) , and then define " folder pairs " , i.e. which folder on your device should be sync'd with which on the owncloud server . recommendation : configure it for manual sync ; as nice as the integrated scheduler might sound , i experienced it woke up the device all 5 minutes 24/7 even with only one daily sync configured . so better leave that integrated scheduler off , we either need something else to trigger your " instant photo upload " . third candidate : tasker . you can use this to schedule your regular sync intervals ( easy to do , as it is just a time interval as condition , and the foldersync pair as the task ; note this might require the pro version of foldersync for tasker support ) . but tasker has also means to detect whether a file/directory has been modified . this is what you can use to trigger your " instant photo upload " , by watching your DCIM folder ( s ) and trigger the corresponding " folder pair " to be sync'd . i know you prefered " without an app " , but i do not know about such an alternative . however , one of the 3 apps involved you are using already , and once you have got used to tasker you will ask yourself how you could do without . true , it is " payware " , but worth every cent . for testing purposes , a 7-day-trial can be obtained on their project site ; export all your config from within the app on day 6 , uninstall , re-install , and import it again gives you another 7 days ( recommendation by the dev himself ) . foldersync requires 3 bucks as well ; but it supports so many services , and has tasker integration , i would say it is worth the investment . so altogether ~7 bucks for a good solution , and other uses reserved .
this is a known problem with leaked 2.2 galaxy s vibrant software ( happened to me ) . even if you are not using a vibrant i would suspect the issue is the same , since the software is mostly the same . you can fix it using this post at xda if you have a vibrant or i9000 . if you have another model just check the subforum for your device ( or take a risk and try this anyways ) .
you can download the google play books app from the market ( link ) if there is a problem with your installed app , open the app using play store app and uninstall and reinstall it . now you should have the app shortcut in your app drawer . in this app , you will be able to view your purchased books .
note that both ios browser ( safari ) and chrome ( desktop or for android ) are based on webkit engine . that is why they are so similar in what they render . firefox browser uses a much different engine : gecko . as an answer for what you want to do , i think that given the css and javascript the mobile site loads is different depending on the rendering engine , currently it is not possible to an end user to achieve that . a better design must be done by web developers who made the website , in order to avoid this kind of awkward situations . if what you need is to open that mobile site with a browser different to chrome for android , but that it be rendered the same way as chrome for android does , i recommend you to use opera mobile or opera mini ( based on presto engine ) , here is a screenshot of how it looks there :
there're two flavors of usb ports - powered and unpowered . unpowered ports can not supply power to the devices and are rather rare . you identify them easily - connect the smartphone to them and see if it starts charging . if it starts charging the port is powered and you are okay .
check your phone 's internal storage , via menu > settings > sd and phone storage , and then look under internal phone storage . if that is looking low , then you can try uninstalling some apps , or , since you are on 2.2 , moving those that support it to your sd card ( as that does seem to have plenty of space ) .
i do not know what rom you have , but if you are using a cyanogen based you can tweak that in the cyanogen specific settings .
keep screen on during calls that setting is not available on all phones , but if it was it would be under : home > settings > call settings > [ display > ] . . . but as for the difficulty turning the screen on be sure that the power button does not end calls ( settings > accessibility > power button ends call : make sure it is unchecked ) then just pull the phone away and press the power button to turn the screen on .
possible solutions , in descending order of idealism and difficulty : create a custom rom , with the apps you want on it , which you can flash onto these devices . this question is a good starting place for that . write your own app , which automatically installs the other apps . the first answer to this thread provides the code to install apps programmatically . the easiest solution , if it suits your needs , would to be to use one of many " installer " apps . if you can drop the apps on the tablets after installing your stock rom ( ideally on an sd card ) , you could then install an " installer " app . then either run it yourself , or instruct your users to run it and install the listed apps . in any of these solutions , you will have to write the desktop computer application which has the few-button interface for users , which does the flashing and installing . whether you do a custom rom or a stock one , you will have to automate its install . this thread has some help on automating rom installation .
keep usb debugging on and it should work fine .
check out his blog post on it . launcherpro shortcuts are a new way of creating , adding , and sharing custom shortcuts for launcherpro . shortcuts are created and shared as lps files . lps files are self-contained shortcut files that have all the info needed to make a shortcut , including the label , icon , and android intent ( more on intents in a bit ) . they are written in a new format that i created for this purpose , which is based in xml . don’t worry , i created a web-based tool for creating these files so it’s as easy as filling out a form and downloading the resulting . lps file . a shortcut always needs an android intent to be “executed” when the shortcut is clicked . intents are the standard way of launching activities/apps and sending information and commands to apps in android . if you want to create your own launcherpro shortcuts , please read this page for a detailed explanation of how intents work and how to make your own . lps files need to be stored in your sd card , either in the root of the card , or inside the folders “download” , “downloads” or “lpshortcuts” . to add an lp shortcut to a homescreen , long-press on a blank spot , choose “shortcuts” and then “launcherpro shortcuts” . if you have any lps files in the previously mentioned folders in your sd card , they should show up on the list . you can click on “create new” to go to the web-based launcherpro shortcut creator tool . you can also access the launcherpro shortcut creator tool from your computer , and then put the generated lps file in your sd card . he also links to a lengthy forum thread where people are posting some of their shortcuts . i can not seem to find any other resources of shortcuts .
keyboard can be replaced browser can be replaced ( opera , xscope ( i like ) , dolphin hd , etc . ) launcher can be replaced gallery can be replaced ( 3d gallery is my favorite ) camera can be replaced ( camera 360 ( drains battery like crazy ) , retro camera , etc . ) hell you can even replace the kernel if you root . not an app , but you can add search providers like getting the duckduckgo app which allows you to search using all search tools , but ddg vs google .
it sounds like you are describing a vpn ( virtual private network ) . a vpn directs all traffic ( whether http or other tcp/ip protocols ) through a specific server , usually with the intent to encrypt traffic between the device and the vpn server . however , encryption is not necessary , and a vpn would have full control over routing , which means you could customize a vpn server to block specific requests . or you could redirect requests to unsafe/undesirable websites to a ' block ' page of your choosing . almost all android devices have vpn capabilities built-in . you should look into that technology . in order to force the user to go through the vpn , you will need an app that can be set as a device admin ( a built-in , almost-root privilege that prevents the app from being removed ) that would also set the vpn to be always on . see this android . se question and answer for more details .
re-install these official samsung drivers . uninstall current drivers by going into device manager . make sure to check off the delete drivers option if given . reboot . reinstall the given drivers above without connecting the galaxy s4 reboot . go ahead and connect phone and verify that in device manager samsung adb device or equivalent is shown . if it shows an exclamation mark on it or other problem , then in device manager right click on the driver , update , let me choose from a list and choose the correct android adb driver .
a rom for the htc one will not work on the htc one x+ . despite the name similarity , they are completely different phones , with different hardware inside . ( the htc one x+ has a tegra 3 soc , while the htc one has a snapdragon . ) if you want to install a " stock android " rom on this phone , you will have to find one first , and as there is not a google play edition for the one x+ , this is very unlikely to exist . you might be best with a custom rom that does not have many customizations . generally , custom roms do not update over the air : you need to reflash whenever you want to upgrade to the latest version .
as su , do this : # mount -o remount,rw /system  you will now be able to delete it . as said in comments , do not forget to # mount -o remount,ro /system  or just reboot when you have finished . : )
you could also use a browser based remote desktop tool like airdroid or remote web desktop
summing up from the comments : no " reset " will ever roll back any system updates applied . for that , you would have to re-flash the original rom . for the device to show up with adb devices or fastboot devices , you must have your computer configured accordingly . if your computer runs windows , you will need a special driver ( koush 's universal adb driver might help you out here , in case you cannot find a specific driver for your devices ) . if it is linux , you might wish to consult my answer here , for a mac it might be similar . further helpful hints can be found via our adb tag-wiki . as you have multiple identic devices , some updated and some not , you should be able to utilize dd ( see also this wikipedia article for a starter ) to clone all partitions of one device and apply that to others . as partition structures are quite device specific , i cannot give you accurate details here ; a little research might be helpful especially on sites like xda developers . a custom recovery can be used for this as well : check out our nandroid tag and its tag-wiki for details on that .
goto the last tab which has three horizontal lines as its icon . scroll down a little and you will see most recent
in my experience , trebuchet does always reload the list . i just have to wait a couple of seconds . if it really does not , you can go to the applications section in the settings menu , select trebuchet and force stop it . that should force it to drop any state , including the widget list .
there are some technical reasons explained on the android developers website that justify why the widget may have stopped working : any of this ones are not recommended to move to an external storage due to possible failure : services your running service will be killed and will not be restarted when external storage is remounted . you can , however , register for the action_external_applications_available broadcast intent , which will notify your application when applications installed on external storage have become available to the system again . at which time , you can restart your service . alarm services your alarms registered with alarmmanager will be cancelled . you must manually re-register any alarms when external storage is remounted . input method engines your ime will be replaced by the default ime . when external storage is remounted , the user can open system settings to enable your ime again . live wallpapers your running live wallpaper will be replaced by the default live wallpaper . when external storage is remounted , the user can select your live wallpaper again . app widgets your app widget will be removed from the home screen . when external storage is remounted , your app widget will not be available for the user to select until the system resets the home application ( usually not until a system reboot ) . account managers your accounts created with accountmanager will disappear until external storage is remounted . sync adapters your abstractthreadedsyncadapter and all its sync functionality will not work until external storage is remounted . device administrators your deviceadminreceiver and all its admin capabilities will be disabled , which can have unforeseeable consequences for the device functionality , which may persist after external storage is remounted . broadcast receivers listening for " boot completed " the system delivers the action_boot_completed broadcast before the external storage is mounted to the device . if your application is installed on the external storage , it can never receive this broadcast . copy protection your application cannot be installed to a device 's sd card if it uses google play 's copy protection feature . however , if you use google play 's application licensing instead , your application can be installed to internal or external storage , including sd cards .
this feature is rather be app-specific . probably the default photo app on your legend does this by default , while the one on you one x does not . to achieve the desired results on your new device , you might need to find a 3rd party photo app supporting this feature . your phone is certainly capable of it , that is not the issue .
that would be a contradiction in terms : in order to disable permissions on-the-fly , root permissions are required -- no way around that . for non-root users , there is only a different approach : take the .apk apart before installing , manipulate the Manifest ( remove unwanted permission 's requests ) , re-assemble the .apk , and then install the modified package . unwanted side-effect : no direct updates , as the signature on the package breaks this way . an app doing this is e.g. apktool , available for windows , mac and linux .
the cpu had to be changed to x86 . then it worked . see question comment thread for further details .
thanks to this answer to this question is moving apps to sd only available to rooted devices ? . i have discovered the getInstallLocation adb command and set the install location to internal on my un-rooted phone . with the android sdk installed , and my phone connected via usb with usb debugging mode switched on , enter the following commands : adb devices ( check that adb can see my phone , and start necessary services ) adb shell ( connects a shell to the phone ) pm getInstallLocation ( returns 0[auto] ) pm setInstallLocation 1 ( sets the default install location to internal memory ) pm getInstallLocation ( run again to check that it is now set to the correct location , returns 1[internal] ) exit safely remove hardware , unplug phone and all done , without any need for root !
there are many "*2sd " methods , and they generally involve root access . my personal favorite is link2sd . it uses symlinks , which take up ( practically ) no space . the actual program , data , libraries , etc are stored on a second partition on your sd card . this comes with the downside of actually having to create two partitions on your sd card ( meaning it will have to be formatted ) . if you have root , you likely have a custom recovery installed that can automatically partition your sd card . the upside of multiple partitions is that you can mount your sd card when plugged into a computer without causing the apps to disappear from your device . this is because only one partition is actually unmounted from android and mounted on the computer , and the other partition holding your apps is never unmounted .
all you have to do is press and hold the text message you want to delete . you will then be prompted to select more text messages to delete or just delete the one you have selected . if your android version is too old for this let me know and i will emulate your specific version and figure it out for you .
the " hardware backed credential storage " aka " android key store " is only hardware backed when the hardware on the device has the necessary hardware components in it . when there is not the necessary hardware available it falls back to software storage . android also now supports hardware-backed storage for your keychain credentials , providing more security by making the keys unavailable for extraction . that is , once keys are in a hardware-backed key store ( secure element , tpm , or trustzone ) , they can be used for cryptographic operations but the private key material cannot be exported . even the os kernel cannot access this key material . while not all android-powered devices support storage on hardware , you can check at runtime if hardware-backed storage is available from android 4.3 apis - hardware credential storage . my emphasis . finally , there is an api and even a system settings field that lets you check whether the credential store is hardware-backed ( nexus 4 , nexus 7 ) or software only ( galaxy nexus ) from credential storage enhancements in android 4.3 this a new feature and so it is likely that only newer , higher end devices have the hardware in them . according to that , the galaxy nexus does not have the necessary hardware . the nexus 4 does have full hardware support for this ; as you may now ( sic ) , the nexus 4 is based on qualcomm 's snapdragon s4 pro apq8064 soc . like most recent arm soc 's it is trustzone-enabled and qualcomm implement their secure execution environment ( qsee ) on top of it . from credential storage enhancements in android 4.3 the arm trustzone technology is analogous to the tpm hardware used on intel x86 pc compatible hardware to provide a hardware secure credential storage area . and just like tpm when it was first introduced is taking a while to trickle into all new phones . so , in the case of the nexus 4 , the ' hardware ' is simply the arm soc . are other implementations possible ? theoretically , a hardware-backed keymaster implementation does not need to be based on trustzone . any dedicated device that can generate and store keys securely can be used , the usual suspects being embedded secure elements ( se ) and tpms . however , there are no mainstream android devices with dedicated tpms and recent flagship devices have began shipping without embedded ses from credential storage enhancements in android 4.3 so , no , the galaxy nexus is not capable of enabling hardware backed credential storage , because it does not have the necessary hardware in it .
it will not fit , the note 2 batteries are physically larger than the note 1 's battery slots . your best bet is finding a good third-party extended battery .
that is unfortunately not so easy . since there is not api for the secure deletion of files , it would require root for the " secure delete app " in order to achieve block level access to the storage device . only access to the blocks of the deleted file eventually allows an app to overwrite the leftovers of the file with random data . eventually , because the flash storage device could perform wear leveling . if that is the case , block #42 would not be always the same physical block , which makes the system calls ineffective . i think that is why there is not a secure delete solution for android yet . at least i could not find one on xda .
i have samsung galaxy s2 , running cm10.1 on my stock browser , i can long-press a link . a menu opens , and one of the menu items is Copy link URL .
use this : am start -a android.intent.action.MAIN -n &lt;package_name&gt;/&lt;full_class_name&gt;  to control an app , you will have to put correct values of &lt;package_name&gt; and &lt;full_class_name&gt; in the command . for example , you can use com.google.gmail/com.google.gmail.check_mail ( hypothetical names ) as last part of command . obtaining package name of an app is easy , but obtaining class name of action is not . there are two problems : many app developers keep class info private . not all developers do smart modular programming . its good habit to divide an app in multiple classes which could be triggered by intents , but not all developers are smart . solution of 1st problem : decompile the app using apktool and see all info . there are also other ways , but this one is always-working method ( unless app is based on ndk instead of sdk ) . solution of 2nd problem : nothing . do not worry , most of popular apps follow best programming practice and they provide Public API from which you can get class info .
nike+ lets you select privacy options for your sharing . public , social , private
it might be useful to check the android source to find the exact package name to the system settings , specifically this source responsible for date/time , line 226 is the key ! have played with tasker before , but can tasker directly modify system properties ? as in directly do this , i am quoting line 228 the pertinent part : Settings.Global.putInt( getContentResolver(), Settings.Global.AUTO_TIME_ZONE, autoZoneEnabled ? 1 : 0);  in short the actual direct name to the package would be com.android.settings/.DateTimeSettings , if that is of any help ! by using adb shell 's android activity manager , am , one can start the activity to go directly into that screen as in am start -n com.android.settings/.DateTimeSettings , experiment and see if that fits your needs as i have not actually played with it . : )
this has been resolved in android 4.1 , a.k.a. " jelly bean " . now google voice prompt appears instantly no matter how it is triggered . since the google voice app has not changed , my original thinking that it is the app 's fault was incorrect . still no idea what is causing it on earlier os versions .
that symbol is not android-specific : it is the symbol for a hearing aid induction loop . some landline telephones have an induction loop that transmits the phone audio directly to the hearing aid , so that hearing aid users can hear the phone call better than they would otherwise . the t stands for " telephone": because the induction loop system originated on landline phones , using the facility requires switching the hearing aid to " telephone mode " , usually by flipping a physical switch to a position marked with a t . it seems your phone has the same facility . the fact the icon is on the right with the " system " icons , instead of on the left with the notifications , shows that it is a part of the os , not an app . i can not say for sure as i do not have your phone , but i expect you can turn it off in the device 's accessibility settings .
while i am not intimately familiar with sprint 's 4g or your phone ( sorry ) i have found in my own cdma troubleshooting that the built in htc diagnostic tools can be very useful . i found this guide over at xda as one of the better lists of sprint cdma diag codes ( even though it is not for your phone specifically ) . i recommend trying ##33284# or ##3282# , one of these should bring up a utility that lists very specific information about your cellular network connection .
it would almost certainly void your warranty , even if you somehow managed to do it without rooting . they also probably would not work -- 2.3 introduced several features that are not present in 2.2 . and apart from google apps , many apps like gallery/etc . are device specific .
in the settings option you have application manager . in application manager if you swipe to the left you will get apps installed on the sd card . it should look something like this :
if you want to connect to your home pc from your phone , there is connectbot
google play books is available in the us , uk , canada and australia . you can find this information on the google play help page , and it has also been noted on the @googlebooks twitter account .
it simply does not seem possible . on android , pictures are shown in imageview components , and this component does not support displaying gifs . on most android versions , you can not do it . maybe a custom contacts app can have the capability .
this is because the command you used to invoke heimdall was , heimdall flash --recovery and , heimdall is caps sensitive , try this instead . heimdall flash --recovery . /clockworkmod_6.0.3.2_jfltespr . img --no-reboot
ah well . it appears that the stock email app does not do sni . this means that in the initial connection to the server it was presented with another certificate it should discard ( but did not ) . it seems to me that this is a feature request for the email app , as other apps do implement sni . changing the apache ssl configuration to use sni with an initial certificate signed with the " gert van dijk ca " still did not solve it . logcat then showed : I/Exchange(12307): IOException while sending request: Cannot verify hostname: mail.mydomain.tld  setting mail.mydomain.tld as initial certificate solved it . i consider this an ugly work around until this has been fixed in the email app .
if anyone dealing with the same issue , i have found a solution on this link . it is for froyo , but you can look on xda-developers for gingerbread too , it is the same procedure .
no you cannot , that is done at build/compile of the source of the said android version whatever that may be . when the source gets compiled via . build/envsetup.sh  this is setting up the environment , and that reads in the potential devices via boardconfig . mk within each device/product directory . its when lunch gets executed , the menu shows like this the above is the example of building the rom for the zte blade , notice how userdebug and eng is prefixed !
no , the application is still available for users who installed the play and only store can not be reinstalled . by play store if you put back the google play , users can download and install it again . but never , under policies of google , an apk can / will be deleted from the device remotely by google / application owner but we had a case in the past , about a malicious app that was removed remotely without trace , all done and confirmed by google itself
i had the same problem with my g2 d802 only mine did work before when still running android 4.2 . it was a driver issue and fixed it by the folowing steps : download the android sdk at : http://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html unzip the package and run the file : sdk manager . exe scroll down to extra 's and check google usb driver and install packages http://developer.android.com/sdk/win-usb.html#top for a little more info my usb setting is set at ( mtp ) that did it for me .
there are plenty of apps on play supporting that already . the first coming to my mind is paw server , which allows that and many more things ( basically , you can remote-administrate your device via wifi with this app ) . other , similar apps might offer the remote-ring as well . several anti-theft apps for example .
you want to enable wireless isolation mode . on the linksys this is called ap isolation . from wirelessisolation . com : wireless isolation , sometimes called client isolation , is a setting on a wireless router . when this setting is enabled it prevents a computer that is connected to the network by a wireless connection from accessing computers and resources that are connected to the network by a wired connection . it will also prevent one wirelessly connected device from connecting to another wirelessly connected device . in essence isolating that device on the wireless network . this is used as a method of security so that you can provide both wired and wireless connection through the same network without opening up secured computers and resources to potentially unwanted visitors . this can be very helpful in businesses that have a wireless hotspot located in their lobby for example . without wireless isolation anyone on a wireless internet connection in a wifi hotspot would not only have full access to the computers and resources in the company’s network , but also to the various wireless devices that were using the wifi hotspot at that time . most wireless router makers will support wireless isolation in one form or another , if you already have a router and are curious to see if it comes with wireless isolation or not you can check your products manual , or log into your router and check the security tab .
32 dbm equates to 1584.89mw according to this calculator : http://www.radiolabs.com/stations/wifi_calc.html assuming a 12 dbi antenna gain from the comments above , that gives us 44 db of antenna power . the signal loss for 2400 mhz/km is 100.03db , citing the same site . at the assumed 44db of power , we will round and say . 044km which is ~144 feet . since throughput is inversely related , you are going to have a pretty poor download speed at 144 feet , barring there is nothing between the phone and the computer , on a clear day . this is half guesswork , but hopefully it helps .
espier launcher is a homescreen replacement that mimics ios quite well , and still allows for some of android 's features to shine through ( widgets , customization , etc ) . unfortunately , it is apparently built by a small chinese dev shop , so it does have a few quirks . for one , it intalls some bloatware app store that is all in chinese , although it is easy enough to hide it from the launcher . there is also some weird mis-translations in the app 's settings . despite these shortcomings , it is a faithful reproduction of ios 's homescreen , and the folder/scrolling/long press animations are spot-on .
the second partition should be fat32/fat16 only because gingerbread does not support linking to ext partitions .
on your phone 's home launcher , go to menu --> settings --> applications and look for anything that contains " carrier iq " , " iq " , or possibly " com . carrieriq . iqagent " if you are rooted , it appears that this app will check and see if it exists on your phone . the paid license key will also let you remove it from your phone . this app was made by trevor eckhart , the person who discovered this " vulnerability . " if you are not rooted , this app will attempt to detect carrier iq on your phone . and here is another app , by lookout , that will detect for carrier iq on your phone . also : if you are rooted and running a custom os , such as cyanogenmod , you should have no worries about carrier iq . carrier iq is bundled by the manufacturer/carrier and should not be included in a rom such as cyanogenmod as long as it is built from the aosp and is not a derivation of a manufactuer 's rom .
/data/dalvik-cache contains optimized bytecode of each installed app . /data/data contains settings and preferences of each installed app . neither of these two locations are touched when you move the app to sd card using gingerbread 's built-in methods . that is a limitation of android 's implementation of moving apps to sd . cyanogenmod 7 allows you to move more apps than the stock rom , but on phones with limited storage you will still eventually run out of space on internal memory . since you are rooted and already running cm7 , take a look at s2e . this app allows you to move both /data/data and data/dalvik-cache to your sd card . the only prerequisite is that your sd card must be re-partitioned to add a second ext2/3/4 partition , after the main fat32 one . there are many partition tools available ( free and paid ) that can do this for you . i personally use partitionwizard 's minitool partition wizard home edition ( windows , freeware ) . it is also recommended to use a stand-alone usb sd card reader for repartitioning as opposed to built-in readers on most laptops , since those tend to not properly write partition tables to sd cards . p.s. do not forget to back up the contents of the sd card before attempting to re-partition it , since it will wipe all of your data from it .
seem to be an android bug . i found this in the android bug tracker . https://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=42520q=summary%3abluetooth%20type%3adefectsort=-starscolspec=id%20type%20status%20owner%20summary%20stars
this system bar is part of android , and is used when the device does not have any hardware buttons to press . as such , it cannot be hidden . it should not , however , impact upon gameplay - this is an issue with the app , and you should contact the app developer to have it fixed .
there seems to be multiple options available . with a relevant internet search there is an application called bump which shares files by simply bumping both devices together . i am not sure if it does it over wifi if available or only does it over 3g . there is another option where you can set up an ftp server on the device using an application called swiftp which is not being maintained anymore but the last update was june 2010 . you can install this on one device and use es file explorer on the other device to compress and upload the file it using the ftp option . a third option would be use hoccer which probably uses their service as dropbox does , though i can not be 100% sure . i would personally recommend the ftp solution since that seems the most straight forward and you get to ensure that you have a direct connection .
you will need a file manager , and just browse to the same path that you do when you attach to email . if the xoom does not have a file manager , i recommend root explorer . if you do not have root you can try another , like astro file manager .
you have not specified the android version , but on tablets the difference is generally because the system bar ( or " combined bar" ) is 48px ( specifically , 48dpi , but in your case that is 48 real pixels ) and the apps are only considering available screen space when they report the resolution : portrait = 768 x ( 976 + 48 ) = 768 x 1024 landscape = 1024 x ( 720 + 48 ) = 1024 x 768 some references : what is the true available resolution of a 10.1 android tablet ? asus tf101 tablet status bar steals 48 pixels metrics and grids ( from developer.android.com; explains why 48 dpi was chosen for ui components )
no , it is not possible . how did i get such result ? as always i started to google this possibility but found nothing interesting . so i decided to check android browser source code . if you want you can download it by typing in console : git clone https://android.googlesource.com/platform/packages/apps/Browser  after 5-10 minutes ( i am not new in programming ) of looking repository i found 2 facts : 1 ) the homepage is saved as one String ( java type ) . 2 ) the homepage is opening by calling this function ( in Controller.java ) : @Override public Tab openTabToHomePage() { return openTab(mSettings.getHomePage(), false, true, false); }  so as you see ( if you know programming a bit ) it returns one tab , not several ( like List&lt;Tab&gt; ) .
this was available in cm7 , but got removed in cm9 and above , for reasons i do not know myself . it is possible that the maintainers of cm could not find a way to make this compatible with android 4+ and so left it out . there are apps on the market that can do this , such as permissions denied however this is now a paid app , and i am unable to report whether this works . edit : ad eldarerathis pointed out in the comments , there is an open feature request to add this to cm10 and later . i suggest you follow this request for updates .
i actually found this site http://viewsonic-gtablet-for-dummies.webs.com/ , reading through it , its great ! just what i need .
to completely format your device , you need to use odin and an odin-able rom ( preferably stock ) . note that the device can not be blank . you should always have firmware on it . download odin 1.85 from here and extract it . download stock firmware ( listed here ) , you probably want jpkf3 . put your phone into download mode ( you may have to attempt this a couple times ) : power off the phone hold voldown + ok : click the power button let go of voldown + ok when the android icon with " downloading . . . " underneath appears start odin connect your phone to usb and ensures it shows up in odin ( a yellow box with a com port will be shown ) . if it does not , disconnect and reconnect . if it still does not , reboot your phone and start over from ( 3 ) . click the pda button in odin and choose the firmware file you downloaded . click start and wait till " pass " appears in the message area . if it fails , start over from ( 3 ) . normally , to completely wipe the device , you would select " re-partition " in odin . however , this apparently can brick the galaxy s ii ! so do not do it . i guess it only works consistently with the original galaxy s .
if you are rooted , this is quite easy to find out . first you need to find the app 's package name , e.g. com.swype.android.inputmethod for swype , or com.google.android.apps.maps for google maps , for example . you can usually search for the app in android market , and the link will contain its package name , e.g. https://market.android.com/details?id=com.google.android.apps.maps would be the link to google maps . usually the package names are descriptive enough that you can simply guess which app they represent just by looking at it . you can do a few simple ls commands in terminal emulator or adb shell to find out the app 's name , and where it is stored . however , you will need to have root access to the device since app and data storage is protected . pre-installed apps are generally located in /system/app directory . use the command ls -l /system/app/ to find how much space a particular system app is taking up : on most stock roms you will see an . odex file along with a . apk file for each app - those are pre-compiled binaries optimized for your given device . you cannot remove them . 3rd-party apps are installed to /data/app or /data/app-private directories . command ls -l /data/app/[package_name_here]* should return the amount of space taken up by this app on internal memory . for example , here 's the output of looking at google maps apk : the app data and settings are located on /data/data/ partition . there you will find a directory for each installed app , e.g. /data/data/com.google.android.apps.maps/ for preferences and settings related to the google maps app . again , ls -l /data/data/com.google.android.apps.maps/* will return a listing of all files with their sizes : android 2.2 ( froyo ) introduced the ability to move apps to sd card ( or " external storage " on some devices ) . this introduces a level of complexity since portions of the app get moved around . for every app that you move to sd card/media area , the system creates a virtual mount point named /dev/block/dm-X , where " x " is a sequential number . it them moves the app 's apk ( android package ) file and some preferences there . you can view this by issuing a mount command in shell/terminal emulator . along with other usual mounts , it should show which apps were moved to sd card like in an example below : here i moved astro file manager and atrackdog apps to the sd card on my phone . use ls /mnt/asec/ to view the directories created for the moved apps . issuing command ls -l /mnt/asec/* will list the file sizes within those folders : the wrapper for the virtual partition gets stored inside a hidden " . android_secure " folder of the sd card : once moved the app 's apk will no longer be under /data/app/ or /data/app-private/ folders . another area of interest is dalvik cache - an area that contains cached data for each installed app . upon first boot-up or new app installation the system generates a . dex file for each app that it uses for quicker start-up . these files are stored on /data/dalvik-cache/ partition . command ls -l /data/dalvik-cache/*[package_name_here]* will return the space taken up by the app 's dalvik cache . for example , here 's how much space is taken up by google maps app : next , the /cache partition of the internal memory may be used by apps . the command ls -l /cache/ will show you all files stored there , along with sizes and owner information . for example , on my phone here 's the output : besides the standard directories , there is a file named downloadfile-1.apk that belongs to something named " app_13" . i can cross-reference this " app_13" name to the listing of ls -l /data/data/ to see that this file belongs to android 's built-in downloader : finally , apps can use the sd card for their own purposes , and there is really no way to track this , unless the app names its folders something recognizable .
yes , custom recovery works with encrypted honeycomb device . the built-in encryption does not touch rom and firmware at all . it just encrypts accounts , settings , downloaded apps and their data etc . which can be located on phone memory , internal sd or external sd . that is why encryption is no longer present after factory reset because there is no encrypted data available . files for custom recovery environment live on rom as firmware . that is why they survive factory reset . as flashing files/updates has to do with rom , you will be allowed to do it . when it comes to nandroid backup , you can do it too , but the chunk of encrypted data will backed up in that form which can not be restored using titanium backup . yes , you could do nandroid restore flawlessly .
most samsung android phones and tablets can be restored back to " stock " firmware via odin or heimdal tools . this wipes all traces of rooting or any other kind of system alterations , and in most cases is sufficient for sending the device in for in-warranty servicing to the carrier of manufacturer . however , with the galaxy s2 series of devices samsung introduced a hidden " flash counter " which keeps track of how many times such a tool has been used . a community developer actually found where this information is stored and created an app that allows you to reset the counter . unfortunately the app only works on ics ( android 4 . x ) right now . see this thread on xda-developers forum for more details .
it is widely believed that the nexus 7 's magnetic sensor works in an almost-identical fashion to ipads ' smart cover ; i could not find direct information about the n7 , but ifixit has a great teardown of the ipad smart cover that goes into detail of how it works . the nexus 7 has a magnetic sensor that can tell when a magnet of sufficient pull force is nearby . the sensor is located under the screen near the pogo plug on the bottom-lefthand corner , estimated to be 45mm up from the bottom left corner and 15mm in from the left side .
reposting answer for future people ! naturally , i figured it out 10 minutes after posting . can not answer for another few hours because i am a new user . under the security section of the settings , there is a device administrator page . i deactivated the " email " app as an admin . it warned that it would delete all my mail and stuff and i accepted . no factory reset required . thank you stack exchange for allowing me to express my question so i could figure it out myself : )
see the section on automatic aggregation of contact data in the using the contacts api from the technical resources on the android developers site . as the article explains : when a raw contact is added or modified , the system looks for matching ( overlapping ) raw contacts with which to aggregate it . it may not find any matching raw contacts , in which case it will create an aggregate contact that contains just the original raw contact . if it finds a single match , it creates a new contact that contains the two raw contacts . and it may even find multiple similar raw contacts , in which case it chooses the closest match . two raw contacts are considered to be a match if at least one of these conditions is met : they have matching names . their names consist of the same words but in different order ( for example , "Bob Parr" and "Parr, Bob" ) one of them has a common short name for the other ( for example , "Bob Parr" and "Robert Parr" ) one of them has just a first or last name and it matches the other raw contact . this rule is less reliable , so it only applies if the two raw contacts are also sharing some other data like a phone number , an email address or a nickname ( for example , Helen ["elastigirl"] = Helen Parr ["elastigirl"] ) at least one of the two raw contacts is missing the name altogether and they are sharing a phone number , an email address or a nickname ( for example , Bob Parr [incredible@android.com] = incredible@android.com ) . when comparing names , the system ignores upper/lower case differences (Bob=BOB=bob) and diacritical marks (H\xe9l\xe8ne=Helene) . when comparing two phone numbers the system ignores special characters such as "*" , "#" , "(", ")" , and whitespace . also if the only difference between two numbers is that one has a country code and the other does not , then the system considers those to be a match ( except for numbers in the japan country code ) automatic aggregation is not permanent ; any change of a constituent raw contact may create a new aggregate or break up an existing one . the article then goes on to explain the various modes that an application can assign to the raw contacts that it creates . depending on the mode , the system will either : automatically aggregate the contact as similarities are found with other contacts . where similarities no longer exist , these aggregations will be removed . never aggregate the contact with any other . perform no further aggregation on a contact , even if that contact changes such that it would be taken out of an aggregate group . aside from this automatic aggregation , applications are also allowed to manually set up aggregate contacts . in these cases , the algorithm depends on the application . finally , you may manually join contacts in the people app by editing one of a pair of contacts , and selecting Join from the overflow menu .
the second user will have to explicitly install the wanted app ( in your example : facebook ) – as otherwise all accounts ' app drawers would be cluttered with a bunch of apps not wanted by everybody , except for those who installed them . but if the app already had been installed before by another account , it will rather be a " fake install " ( i.e. . it appears as if the app would be installed anew , but it is not downloaded again from playstore , and thus does not consume " double space" ) . one side-effect to that is : whenever a user decides to update the app , that update applies to all other accounts of the device as well .
encryption is done on the /data partition ( where all app-data is stored ) . however , /sdcard is sometimes encrypted too ( if the sdcard is actually internal memory of the phone i.e. not removable ) . if the sdcard is also encrypted , then you will be unable to flash rom 's from within recovery ( recovery can not read encrypted sdcard ) .
i just had this problem , and somehow i got this solved . what i did : entered settings -> applications -> manage applications . selected the market app , and " uninstall updates " . after that , i entered the market app again , and i was able to reinstall the app who got stucked . ps : i am not sure if this was just a coincidence , or this procedure works always , but it worked for me . ps2: my android version is actually in portuguese language , so i am not sure the option names i referred to above are correct in english .
someone over at androidcentral built their own charging dock . according to the post , . . . the pin closest to the bottom of the gn is the 5v and the pin closest to the power button in the gnd . it is assumed that the middle pin is for letting the phone know it is connected to the dock and launch the needed activities ( enable bluetooth , launch apps , etc . )
the app drawer is a part of the launcher app , so you can replace it simply by switching to a different launcher . just install a new launcher of your choice that works the way you like .
i have a similarly sized contact list and i have found that the voice dialer is both slow to load and slow to find responses on my moto droid ( on 2.0 , 2.1 and 2.2 ) . i stopped using the voice dialer and started using voice search ( aka . voice actions ) by saying " call jane smith mobile . " i have found voice search to open quickly and to find contacts quickly . both of those apps came preloaded on my phone and are from google . while i do not know the architecture of either app it would make sense to me that the voice dialer would be affected by the size of the contact list more directly than the voice search app .
have you flashed the phone before and do you have any new boot loaders on it ? what kind of recovery mode is it booting into ? clockworkmod ? or does samsung have its own recovery ? if possible i would suggest maybe downloading the correct rom for your handset from cyanogenmod and putting it on your sd card then try flashing that on . do a clean wipe and then set up your google account again so you have all the numbers on phone again . on my phone i have installed clockwork mod and new boot loader so i can flash the phone again if the rom ever gets broken . obviously i do not know exactly how your phone is set up so i would not be able to give exact instructions on how to do it . edit : i would suggest flashing a rom onto it from recovery if its not booting then what you have in the mobile world is probably a " brick " . dont see many other optuions to be honest . bill
as your computer is running windows , you need to install the appropriate device driver first . most manufacturers offer one for download on their resp . websites , specifically tailored for the device in question ; but that would also mean you had need multiple drivers if you had multiple devices . a good solution reported to work fine with multiple different devices , and also supporting windows 8 fine , is koushik dutta 's universal adb driver . this would hence free you from the hazzle of possible driver conflicts , if you one day decide to use a different/additional device .
it is impossible , because fs has huge corruptions at different places . you can to use file repare utilities to try repare some data , but mostly it is broken by write to fs at the same moment , as dump process .
yes . according to the guide here on sideloading apps onto your kindle fire hd it should work fine . you will need to allow the installation of apps from unknown sources which can be done in the device menu . note that for certain apps , including chrome , that need a google account you will need to download and install the google framework and to reboot your device . i will provide a quick summary of the link that explains side loading : the first thing you need to do is install a file manager app . i personally use file expert , but you can use whatever works for you . next you need to get the app file . you can find it by searching on google : ( app name ) apk . so in this case you would search ' chrome apk ' , there is plenty of links from that . once you have those , navigate to the downloads folder with the file manager , and tap the . apk file . click install , and you are set ! you can find the app in apps> device , it will not be in cloud .
the problem was with the selection mode . apparently mtp does not work too well with ubuntu . when i switched to ptp the usb debugging started working .
it looks like it is google 's pinyin ime . the icon has since changed to use squares instead of circles , but you can still see that it is generally the same , and you can find examples of the old round icon on the internet still . it is still on the page for google 's windows variant , in fact : google must evidently ship this in their vanilla android builds for nexus devices , which would explain why it cannot be uninstalled . this seems to be verified by various sites around the web ( one , two , three ) .
that is the " recent apps " button . it is alternative of long-press physical home button . if you tap this , a scrollable screen appears containing thumbnails of suspended or closed recent apps . you can tap thumbnails to switch to apps or swipe it to discard .
the prime uses a proprietary cable , but it supports a usb connection to a computer via that cable ( which you can see in this image from engadget which i posted in another question ) . the fact that the connector is not a micro usb port has no bearing on whether or not you can connect over usb ( see : every samsung tablet ) .
hoping that it is the same radio station and i did not took a wrong stream url . . . aac stream : http://icecastsource2.amri.ca/cjab-aac mp3 stream : http://icecastsource2.amri.ca/cjab-mp3 i tested this in vlc and it worked .
if you have no reason to why the wifi drops , you might try changing the wifi sleep policy . the wifi sleep policy handles when or if the wifi connection shall switch to mobile data . if this option is set to the default value , when screen turns off , wifi connection automatically switches off when the phone has been idle for a while . you can try setting this to never , which will keep the connection on , even when the phone is not used . to change this setting , navigate to settings -> wireless and networks -> wi-fi settings -> [ menu ] -> advanced -> wi-fi sleep policy .
there is no setting to do this . it would appear there is also no supported method for a keyboard developer to set where their keyboard is drawn ( see keyboardview on android . com ) .
actually the predictive search from the address bar sends the text you enter to google to provide the search predictions . for example , if you start to type " search " and get to " sea " it suggests " sears " , " seattle times " , " sean parker " etc . . .
solved : the android system is likely connected to the headset for phone calls , and some other device for a2dp ( media ) . some other device is still using the audio connection , even though the sound comes from android 's speaker ! what this means is that if you have any other a2dp devices that you have paired your android with ( laptop/stereo/etc ) then you will have to disconnect via the other device , not android . however under android 's " paired devices " list ( see image ) , the other device is not always listed as connected , even though it is ! if you manually try to un-check the " media audio " profile for the other device , it will not disconnect ! you must manually disconnect the other device outside of android . for example : if the other device is a laptop , you must disconnect the audio connection using the laptop . if the other device has no way to manually disconnect ( no buttons ) , just turn it off and use your android to connect to the correct device .
ok , so i had a look at this thread and , as it suggests , i took the microsd out and put it back in again . now it works as before . smells like a bug to me ?
you could try this app : buttonremapper ( xda thread ) it takes a little reading to figure out how to properly configure this to your needs but once it is done it should solve your problem .
google voice is responsible for these ; they are sent by default . see in the settings : you can uncheck this box and google voice will refrain from sending you sms transcripts of your voicemails from then on . also note , unchecking the box above titled Email the message to: only prevents email transcripts , not sms ones .
you need to remount the system partition as read-write , it is read-only by default . mount -o remount,rw /dev/block/mtdblock3 /system 
each slot refers to a specific clock speed that your phone 's kernel allows ( in your case , 400mhz to 1.1 ghz ) . therefore , these clock speeds can vary between different kernels ( different values or even more slots ) . in the case of the droid x or droid 2 , you are stuck with the stock kernel due to the locked bootloader . i am more familiar with using setcpu . setcpu lets you manually choose which clock speeds you want your phone to run at . you choose a min clock speed , a max clock speed , and how you want it to scale ( ondemand , performance , etc . ) . you can also setup profiles with setcpu that allows your phone to run at certain clock speeds under certain conditions . for example , you would want to lower you clock speed when the phone 's screen is turned off . you may also want to lower the clock speed when your battery is below a certain battery % to try and pro long battery life as long as possible . if you are wanting to conserve more power , set the clock min and max clock speeds low . if you are wanting better performance , then set them higher . on my phone ( droid 1 ) , i use an undervolted kernel and typically run at a 250mhz min , 600 mhz max clock speed to conserve battery . if my answer does not fully answer your questions , leave a comment and i will try to help you further .
black is the default plot color for android , so this is the placeholder until the app completes it is layout operation . there are a number of things that can cause an app to have a delay here : performing a network call ( s ) . loading data from disk . garbage collection from other tasks . restoring a complex drawing . you can check to see if it is related to network latency by putting your phone in airplane mode and opening the app . if the app pops right up , the long delay is likely due to a network call that takes a while to complete ( and completes immediately as an error when there is no connection ) . the other three are trickier to test for . if it is garbage collection , you will likely only see the delay when other apps have been recently running and then switching immediately the misbehaving app . you can completely uninstall an app , including user data , and then re-install to see if it has something to do with your personal settings .
you get 15 minutes trial of all paid apps listed in play store . its google 's policy to refund money if you are not satisfied but you will have to claim refund within 15 minutes . after purchasing an app , just look for Refund button on app page in play store app .
android has different ways for apps to give you information or get your attention , and they all have different names . app developers need to know the differences , and when to use each one , so they can code the correct behaviour in their apps . even as an end user , if you want to troubleshoot a problem , find which app is giving you messages , or describe some behaviour ( for example , when reporting a bug to a developer ) , it saves you time and confusion if you can call each thing by its correct name . notifications notifications are the most common feedback mechanism on android . they look like icons in the top-left of the screen ( the notification bar ) . on honeycomb and ics tablets , they instead show up in the system bar , in the bottom-right next to the clock . in jellybean and above , once you have expanded the notification drawer ( like in the screenshot ) , you can long-tap a notification to get a menu with one item , app info . clicking this item tells you which app is responsible for the notification . you can also stop this app showing any further notifications from that screen . some apps create notifications to advertise things at you . this is now ( since september 2013 ) banned under google play 's rules , so you should report as malicious any apps that do this , from the app 's page in the play store app . often your phone will play a sound or will vibrate with a notification , but not always : it is up to the app which created it . toasts a toast is a small message that shows up in its own box near the bottom of the screen , and disappears on its own after a few seconds . it is usually a response to an action you have just performed , but in fact a toast can come from any app , not just the one in the foreground . a toast can not interact with you ( you can not click on it or type into it ) , so there is no need to worry about it " stealing focus " like on a pc . there is no indication of which app created the toast . dialogs a window that appears , with buttons you can click or a list of options to choose from , is called a dialog box , or dialog for short . ( it is spelt the american way even in british english . ) they almost always relate to the foreground app . strictly speaking , from a developer 's point of view a " dialog " is any non-fullscreen activity window , but they are usually used for simple confirmations or choices , like in the screenshot . interstitials in the marketing world , an interstitial is a page or screen that comes in between two others . they are commonly used to show large-format ads in ad-supported apps and games : you click a button in the app , and an interstitial shows for a few seconds before you get to the next screen . summary next time you want to discuss or troubleshoot some kind of message that pops up on the screen , you will know what to call it , and you can make it easier for others to help you .
android lets you backup settings and data for installed apps , but does not have a straightforward way to sync the actual installation of them . if you prefer not to manually search/install each app from the device itself ( it gets really tedious ) you can do what i do : 1 ) go to https://play.google.com/apps to view the apps which are already installed on one device . select the app you want to transfer over to view it is details page . 2 ) if the app is compatible with both devices ( most probably will be but not all ) click the button that says installed . 3 ) select the other device where you want to install it and click install . you will still have to repeat this for each app you want to carry across , but i have found it to be much easier to do it with a mouse in a web browser than searching/installing
you can solve this issue either from the android side or from the windows side : from the android side tap your device " menu " button , and select " settings" ; tap " wireless and networks" ; tap " wi-fi settings" ; tap your device " menu " to bring up extra options and select " advanced" ; tap " use static ip" ; fill in your local network static ip details and dns server details ; tap your device " menu " to bring up extra options and select " save " . from the windows side open the dns management ; add a new forward lookup zone for the google dns and set a host a record to your local ip .
as you described the app icons are placed at the end of the list , the most likely reason lies in the order of things done during the boot process : the sdcard is mounted after the system broadcasts its BOOT_COMPLETED event , so apps moved to the card become visible later than those installed on device storage . with a little unlucky timing , the app drawer is already initialized before mounting of the sdcard is completed , so those apps are added afterwards , and thus to the end of the list ( as it , btw , is probably done as well with apps you install ) . there are multiple solutions to this : of course , you can move those sdcard-installed apps back to device storage , but that is not always an option ( especially with only little device storage available on some devices ) . alternatively , you could simply check a different launcher , as not all launchers behave the way described . many launchers i have tried automatically sort the app drawer , so even when i have just installed a new app it appears normally in alphabetical order .
was your phone rooted ? i do not think whatever the problem was you are going to be able to get the app 's data back . you can re-download them , but that is all , i think .
essentially , you can not . this feature was removed from the 4.0 version of google talk , and is discussed somewhat in the android police review of the changes from 2.3 to 4.0 . there is no setting that will bring back the icons . however , when you have a chat open with someone ( provided that they do not have a custom status message set ) it will inform you at the top if they are on a mobile device : my hunch would be that google does not really want you to care about this when you are on your phone . they want the google talk app to be as seamless and integrated as possible , and they want you to use it regardless of what device the other person happens to be connected with at the time .
check what input methods your device has by following the screen shots- you should be able to see all installed keyboards by following the guide , and select the one which suits you . or if you do not have much options there , install a new keyboard input method from market or install swype beta by registering here .
use adb to install the applications . install the adnroid sdk ( https://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html ) . enable usb debugging in settings> applications> development . this process can be done even without enabling side-loading of apps . open a command prompt window and type : adb install app_name.apk 
you are absolutely correct with your assumption a factory-reset will delete all your apps and data ( as you also can find in the factory-reset tag-wiki ) . if you want to backup your contacts and sms , i am afraid there is no native way . while the contacts you could sync with google , the same cannot be said for sms . but if you take a look at google play , searching for the string " sms backup " you will find a lot of helpful apps . depending on your preferences , they can backup to your gmail account , or do it locally . putting both things together , a good choice seems to be super backup : sms and contacts , which cares for both and can save the backup to either gmail or your sdcard . and of course it has a restore function as well . btw : on most devices , you easily can backup your contacts with the native contacts app . it supports export to/import from vcard ( .vcf ) files ( just open its menu from its main screen ) . no cloud involved . so you had only need to check for something similar for your sms , if you are concerned about privacy and want to avoid having them in the cloud .
aha ! ok i am no where near a cellular expert but based on a wild guess i searched for carrier apns and found here a list of apns per carrier per country . i guess these are always required but somehow cyanogenmod is not configured to determine these codes automatically . while this may help others facing the same problem , i hope someone with real insight shares the knowledge
you are correct . the external storage directory is classed as an ' external sdcard ' . anything with sdcard in the title is not wiped during a factory reset . when you go to factory reset , you will be given the option to wipe your sdcard as well as the internal storage data directory .
i have been using the touchdown client for the past month and have been very pleased with how will it works with our exchange server . not free , but worth a look imho .
i took a chance and bought a 32 gb card , class 4 . it works . i believe it is a zap or something . this post suggests 32 gb cards work . i would rather someone on this site said so though .
i would recommend another way of fetching rss feeds to your cell phone : synchronize news reader to your google account ( to read news from google reader - it should be available there ) from your ' big ' computer add this url ( stackexchange-url to your subscription in google reader . you should see news from android . se in your news reader after its next sync with google reader .
your three options are probably : downgrade maps use the browser-based google maps ( perhaps in incognito mode if you are paranoid ) use some other map application regarding osm , i think they do not have an official app , so you could also try to use an app that uses their data . the osm web site allows address searches , so that may just not be implemented in the app you are using . there is a bunch of osm compatible apps and their features listed here .
a phone connected through the usb , no . but if the phone is instead connected through bluetooth to the pc , you can try to turn on hfp ( hands free profile ) bluetooth profile service from your pc 's bluetooth stack . the only way i found this possible was from the bluesoleil bluetooth stack software where you can set the bluetooth to parade as a " headset " instead of " laptop/desktop " and hence your phone can connect to the pc thinking it is a headset . however , bluesoleil is not free and the evaluation version allows only 2mb worth of voice data packets in one connection after which the connection is automatically interrupted .
your screenshot suggests you simply uninstalled those apps . in tb , hit the menu button , select " batch processing " , scroll to the end of the list . there you will find " delete backups " . second item in that section should read " delete backups of uninstalled apps " ( or the like -- i run a localized version , was just back-translating ) . that should get you rid of those " striked " entries . for more details ( as well as solution to other tb-related issues ) , you might want to visit the titanium backup knowledge base , which provides you with a user 's guide , faq , troubleshooting tips , how-tos , and more . as for the one circled entry , the linked knowledge-base a.o. states : you can easily remove orphan data by running the “remove orphan data” batch job .
how to find the activity ? activities are listed in the .apk file 's Manifest . this is e.g. explained in run android application from command line . the linked page gives a short example : the activity is listed in the &lt;activity&gt; element , which also holds the intent to be called ( in the contained &lt;action&gt; element ) . how to investigate the Manifest ? now for the tricky part , as we are no developers : how to view the Manifest ? luckily , we can get some help from the playstore for this -- e.g. in the form of an app called app detective : app detective and appexplore ( source : google playstore ; click images to enlarge ) as you can see in above screenshot , this app allows the user to investigate the Manifest files of installed apps , but does not stop at this . ressources , libraries , signatures , and more can be looked up . alternatives worth mentioning are the manifestviewer and the appexplore . pick your choice : ) so what is the main activity of google keep ? using above " investigation methods " , kevin figured out it is com.google.android.keep.BrowserActivity ( see below comment if you do not believe me ; )
yes , you can see here that the htc 's rom is referred to as " internal storage " ( although it says 1.1 gb ) : http://www.htc.com/www/product/incredibles/specification.html .
most phone/contacts apps list all contacts , from all added accounts by default . there are several system and application options that could resolve this confusion : from the home screen , press the menu key and go to settings -> accounts and sync . under the Manage account section go through each account ( by tapping on them , ) and verify that the Sync Contacts option is only checked for accounts that you really want to have synchronized with the phone . open the phone app and go to the " contacts " tab . press the menu button and tap the Display options button . check the box next to Only contacts with phones option to hide any contacts that do not have a phone number associated with them . under the Choose contacts to display section , expand any accounts that you have chosen to keep in sync in step 2 , and select the groups you wish displayed in the phone app by marking their check-box . keep in mind that some manufacturers have their own versions of phone and contacts apps , so the menu choices might be slightly different ( or even missing altogether . )
download and install the android sdk . on your handset 's manufacturer website find and download usb drivers for your device , and install them . on your phone go to Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Development and enable the USB debugging option . now when connect the phone to your pc via usb , you should see the " usb debugging connected " ongoing notification . on your pc ( i am assuming windows ) start command prompt by going to start -> run , typing " cmd " and pressing enter . navigate to the " platrofm-tools " sub-folder of where you installed the android sdk ( e . g . " c:\androidsdk" ) by typing the following : cd c:\androidsdk\platform-tools and press enter . now issue the following command : adb devices and press enter . if everything was installed correctly , the adb service will start and show your connected handset 's serial number : * daemon not running . starting it now on port 5037 * * daemon started successfully * list of devices attached ht035xxxxxxxx device you can now issue the adb logcat command to review your handset 's logs in real-time . reboot while your handset is still plugged into usb ( you will need to re-issue the adb logcat command when the phone restarts ) and you will be able to see what your phone is doing during those long boot-up sequences .
to provide some background on this question , google talk uses xmpp ( aka jabber ) which is an open instant messaging standard . as a part of this standard , every instant messaging client ( chat in gmail and the android talk app ) is assigned a resource . the server then uses the resource to know which client is communicating . this is how the interaction works : say your gmail account is bob@gmail . com . then gmail chat might be bob@gmail.com/gchat and the talk app bob@gmail.com/talk when your friend sue ( sue@gmail . com ) wants to send you a message , she simply sends it to bob@gmail . com . at this point , the server either sends the message to whichever client you used last , or sends the message to all currently connected clients ( google does the latter ) . when you reply to sue using the talk app , she receives the message from bob@gmail.com/talk . now , instead of sending further messages to bob@gmail . com , sue 's client now sends messages directly to bob@gmail.com/talk and will continue doing so until a message is received from some other client . this means that what saiboogu said should work . that is , to switch between clients , send a message to the person you are chatting with from the desired client . tl ; dr : this happens by design , saiboogu 's workaround works .
done : i backed up all my contents of my old emulator , created a fresh emulator using android create avd -t &lt;TargetID&gt; -n &lt;EmulatorName&gt; -a --abi &lt;CPU/ABI-Used&gt; to aid finding out the correct value of &lt;TargetID&gt; and the admissible values &lt;CPU/ABI-Used&gt; corresponding the same as per your choice of the api level , i used android list targets you will then find that the snapshot option is available , when you edit the same avd from the android virtual device manager . so check the snapshot . and when you launch , be sure you have checked " launch from snapshot " and " save to snapshot " options . now use the rm commands in the adb shell to remove the imes . ( i will make it clear soon how one does that ) you close and next time you open it through emulator command , it loads from snapshot and the permanence of the ime settings ( or for that matter any system settings ) is achieved ! ( p . s . : only when you change the hardware configuration will you need to actually reboot , in which case you cannot launch from snapshot as it was saved for a different hardware configuration ! ) as the question indicates , all i want is that my hardware keyboard is active and i really do not care about the 4 input methods there . it never occurred to me that i could simply remove all imes : here 's how : mount the /system folder . retrieve the apk names of the imes by going into /system/app and displaying its contents : next just do rm &lt;IMEapkname&gt;.apk  for instance in case of the japanese ime one executes rm /system/app/PinyinIME.apk  since this trick , for me , did not work thus far for the sample soft keyboard : i came out of the adb shell and did : adb uninstall com.example.android.softkeyboard  update : once you ensure that the snapshot has saved properly ( try launching from snapshot via terminal/avd manager , it must not produce errors ) and do not want to make further changes to the system applications or hardware configurations , do launch the emulator with the -no-snapshot-save option : emulator -no-snapshot-save -avd Andreud  so that you can launch from snapshot like before and avoid aberrations that occur while saving to snapshot ( lest it should produce error saying it was saved for a different hardware configuration ) . moreover you can save some valuable seconds it takes to save the snapshot . so this way your overall android emulator experience improves !
it finally updated . not sure what the hang up was before .
easy peasy : i was using adaway ( an app that blocks ads ) and somehow its tweaking of my hosts file was not accepted by python . yay ! :d
vpn capabilities ( pptp , l2tp and ipsec ) for android were included from version 1.6 ( donut ) onwards .
that is not how nfc works . the n stands for " near " , and it really means that : the tag has to be touching the back of the phone for it to be read . sometimes even putting a case on the phone stops it reading nfc tags . if you want something like this , you could buy a samsung galaxy note 2 or later . these phones have a special feature using the phone 's stylus ( s pen ) , where if the phone gets more than about a metre from the stylus , it will start to bleep . it is mainly intended to stop you forgetting the stylus , but it works just as well the other way around . some newer bluetooth headsets have this feature too : the headset alerts you if it goes out of range of the phone .
it looks like there is an issue with the byte alignment . i found this post : http://www.mail-archive.com/linux-omap@vger.kernel.org/msg20797.html and based on that made the following changes to drivers/usb/gadget/u_ether . c : i can now ping in both directions over the usb . if anyone knows of a better way to address this , please let me know otherwise i will go with this .
if you run xposed framework , nfc lockscreenoff enabler is your method of choice .
no , they are run completely separate and exclusive from each other , not something that'll completely replace the data within your existing contacts . . . although they can be merged so that it displays one contact instead of two ( again , it still will not physically combine the data ) . that way , you can have their profile pic as a contact icon and even their birthday , phone number , email in one place if they have it on their profile . it'll try to merge automatically if the name + phone number or email from your google contact matches what they have in facebook , but it'll have to be manually merged if it does not .
there is a very useful way to bypass the activation on this model of phone . when you are presented with the activation screen ( the little android ) , press the following corners of the screen in this order : top left top right bottom right bottom left you now have the option to completely bypass activation .
try these steps create a environment variable called : ANDROID_SDK_HOME and set it to C:\Users\&lt;&lt;Administrator&gt;&gt; open Eclipse &gt; Window &gt; Preferences , click in Run/Debug and String Substitution . add a new variable called user.home and set it to C:\Users\&lt;&lt;Administrator&gt;&gt; create an avd and run it . note the &lt;&lt;Administrator&gt;&gt; means the name of your windows account ; it is where resides the folder which contains your .android directory an android project member says here : as a work-around , you can define the environment variable android_sdk_home to point to the directory containing your . android directory . the emulator and sdk manager will pick it up properly . also you should check that the avd is created in the location d:\nn\ . android\avd ( check in your screenshoots , just above the list of avd , the path in list of existin android virtual devices ) .
dalvik vm ( virtual machine ) is google 's version of a java vm ( on which apps run ) . vms keep apps isolated and independent from actual hardware and other apps . but , for this to work , dalvik needs to convert so called bytecode ( designed for virtual machine ) to native machine code . in order to minimize the performance penalty that the bytecode to native code conversion introduces , a process called just-in-time ( jit ) compilation is performed , which converts hot , i.e. often used , bytecode to native code . 1 art ( android runtime ) is a replacement for dalvik that uses ahead-of-time ( aot ) compilation , meaning your apps are compiled to a ready-to-run state before you even launch them . this is usually done , at the time of app installation , making the process of launching and using them much faster and smoother . and since this means that compilation is only done once , you may also see better battery life , too . if art is better on performance and battery life perspective , should i start using it ? no . if you do that , you may break third-party apps . google has shipped this art preview with android 4.4 for developers to test their apps on it . side note : google 's approach with art is to beat ios ( ios apps are native so performs better even on low-end hardware specs ) , but i do not know where it is heading . . . another fragmentation ? see oems are free to build devices using either one or both . while final version should not affect most of apps , but its not 100% cross-platform thing . 1 note that jit was added to dalvik in android 2.2
it appears to be a touchwiz/sgs3 feature . a post on xda developers suggests freezing contextawareservice . apk if you had like to disable it , but no way to edit the list . another post suggests that a more recent release ( lfb ) has options related to this ( settings -> accessory -> audio applications ) , but does not expand on whether or not you can edit from there .
yes there was issue with battery drain but they had solved the issue and you can go for 4.1.2 and performance is good .
the jack is probably dirty , or the wires could have loose connections in the phone . try cleaning the headphone jack .
no , it does not matter at all for recovery . just make sure that if the odin package contains anything beside cwm ( e . g . , a kernel ) that the versions match . i have used a voodoo kernel with built in cwm for replacing 3e recovery , and the kernel had to be 2.2 to match my 2.2 os . that said , you could actually flash a mismatching kernel with cwm as long as you already had the cyanogen package on your device and ready to install . you had be able to get into recovery and flash the package even if your os would not boot .
i updated my rom to a cm variant ( slimbean to be specific ) and found this in the settings this worked for me . thanks bassmadrigal for the comment . from that i came to know of cm . my friend usually takes care of my rom , but now i see that cyanogenmod is an awesome fork of android custom rom . can i go ahead and accept my own answer therefore ? : )
you mentioned in your question that you do not want to buy any additional connectors . any reason in particular ? how unwilling are you to spend money ? resolution is not going to be the problem , it is latency . if you are absolutely adverse to paying , try running a vnc server on your phone then connect to it using a vnc viewer program on your computer . laptop magazine has a very good walkthrough here : how to control an android device from your pc . they reference vmlite vnc server which is $9.99 but you can find other vnc server programs that are free ( though several do not look terribly trustworthy , imo ) . you are getting what you pay for , however ; a cheap wireless solution means input lag . your games are going to be very hard to play and the experience will be generally poor . if you can manage a few dollars , then an micro usb to hdmi mhl adapter ( with 5pin to 11pin micro usb adapter for your s4 - be sure to read the fine print ! ) as referenced in gt7599a 's answer is the way to go . $15 ( ish ) plus an hdmi cable gets you a wired solution with very low latency . if you want something wireless but are also wanting to be able to actually play games , your best bet is an adapter that takes advantage of the s4 's wifi direct/miracast capabilities . that means a samsung wi-fi all-share cast hub ( $55 ) , netgear push2tv ( $60 ) , or similar . how much is it worth to you ?
if you are using google two step authorisation , then you can revoke the one-time password that you assigned to the phone remotely from your google account 's settings , i do not think that this is possible unless you are using the two step authorisation . go to your google account settings page , click the edit link beside "2 step verification " , click " manage application-specific passwords " , look down the list for the password assigned to your old phone and click the " revoke " link . next time the phone tries to access your google account , it should be denied access and your sister will see a warning asking her to enter the new password . if you have not set up the two step authorisation then , to do it directly on the phone , as long as the phone is running android 2.1 ( eclair ) or newer , then you can go into settings -> accounts and sync -> then select the account and you should have a remove account button at the bottom of the screen . once you have done this switch the phone off and on again ( just to make sure that no apps are running that have already logged in ) , and it should be removed . note that this will not remove all of your old data from the phone , it will just remove some of the google synced data , and stop anything new from coming down from ( or going up to ) your google account . to be sure that all of your old data is removed from the phone , you will need to wipe the phone with a factory reset .
in the app 's settings try changing the default locale . different ones ( even " china" ) will change the interval by which the tuner seeks .
after a lot of reading and trying various things i have managed to get control over my phone again . this guide sounds good , but it did not work for me as i have encountered an error because of my specific device . this might work with others though . what worked was this guide ( which has problems rendering images sometimes ) . i have tried first to unlock the bootloader ( blu button in flashtool ) and used the these instructions to obtain the unlock code based on the imei . after that i have downloaded a stock ftf image ( from goo . im ) , placed in the firmware folder of flashtool . then i could flash the ftf to the phone . also , because i was using windows 8 , had to reboot into trouble shoot more to change an option to allow non signed drivers . hope this helps others with similar issues .
quoting from @chahk 's answer to another question : longer boot-up and shut-down times when the system mounts/un-mounts all of the apps stored on sd card . apps that were moved to sd card are not stored in plain sight to prevent rampant piracy . instead , android sets aside some space and creates a virtual partition for each app that you move . this means that at the initial boot-up , all these virtual partitions need to be mounted before apps stored on them can be accessed . the same holds true when you turn the handset off - each virtual partition is un-mounted before other shutdown processes can happen . depending on the number of installed apps this can take an extra minute or even longer for the system to " stabilize " upon boot-up ( and about 20 extra seconds for shutting down . ) once this happens though , launching these apps does not take any longer than those on internal memory .
source : samsung faqs : cell phones : what is kies lite mode , and what can i do when using it ? kies lite mode launches the application with a reduced set of features . this uses fewer system resources and lets some key features of kies run more efficiently . using kies lite mode , you can access and use these features more quickly : firmware upgrade , sync data , backup , and restore . you can switch to kies lite mode by clicking kies lite mode icon in the top-right corner of the screen . if you switch to kies lite and you close the application , kies will open in lite mode next time you run the application . to switch back to " normal " kies mode , simply click the icon again . or open kies in lite mode by double-clicking kies lite icon on your windows® desktop . so it would seem that the functionality is limited to : firmware upgrade , sync data , backup , and restore .
i rebooted my phone and the problem went away ( i can now see and choose from all installed apps ) . must be a a bug .
the important part looks to be this : it is worth mentioning that i have data encryption turned on . i do not believe clockworkmod can handle encrypted devices as of yet , which is problematic for devices that lack true external storage support ( e . g . sd cards ) . the reason it is a problem is that /sdcard on these devices is not a separate partition , it is a fuse mount point for the /data/media directory . therefore , when you boot into recovery , it can not access your internal /sdcard directory because it is encrypted . teamwin recovery , as of version 2.2.0 , does support decrypting your device when booting into recovery . they actually specifically noted the galaxy nexus in the release notes , possibly because they had to implement the decryption differently on non-aosp devices ( e . g . support for encrypted touchwiz devices is listed in version 2.4.0.0 ) : what is new in version 2.2.0 support decrypting an encrypted data partition on galaxy nexus ( enter password using keyboard ) realistically , the best bet if you want to encrypt your device would probably be to use twrp instead of cwm . otherwise you will have to continue jumping through some hoops when trying to use your recovery . you can download twrp from their website .
galaxy s2 does not support ota updates . . . so it is unlikely that you will be able to check for updates from your phone . the same " connection failed " error comes to me when i try that in my phone .
the best backup you can do is a Nandroid backup . i did not know what it was for a long time , but it works like magic . i will include instructions , but note that i have an evo , so they might vary a little . reboot into recovery this is different for most phones , for example , the evo you reset while holding the `volume down` button . or , since you have a rooted phone , you might be able to get to it by holding down the `power` button , then selecting `reboot/recovery` . once in this menu , select `backup/restore` choose `backup` , or a similarly named option flash your new rom or whatever , and if you are not pleased , simply follow the steps back to recovery and do a Restore . this will reset your phone to it is exact settings from before , down to which widgets you had on your homescreen and what settings you had enabled and disabled .
the recent changes list for v1.4.4857 ( released around 11/11/10 ) states : we added support for front facing cameras on samsung devices we fixed an issue that was causing some htc evos to reboot when launching tango so it looks like they needed to change something specific in their software to let you use the front facing camera , and they have done that now !
usually apps require internet access for ads , analytical data , or for sending bug reports/stack traces back to the developer . other reasons might include using google 's licensing servers to validate legitimate copies of apps with android market purchases ( google 's licensing servers use the check_license permission ) . similarly , some developers produce their own keys and license servers ( prior to google 's implementation ) . for instance , i am the developer of a tipping calculator app . it requires the internet permission to send analytical data back to me via flurry . one day i plan to add this remote stack tracing program for more detailed errors ( but i have not yet because so far my app has not really generated any bugs/errors ) . but the value of this information is worth asking for the internet permission . i can see exactly how many users of what android os are using my app and what are the most popular phones using my app . however , i also give users an " opt out " in the settings if they choose to not send me this information .
i believe fennec ( firefox mobile ) will have this feature , but it is currently only in alpha . you can get a copy of the alpha here . note that you will need about 40mb+ of internal storage space free to install it .
well , i have gone and flashed over to aokp , so figured i would update this with an answer about their permissions management . it is found towards the bottom of the root settings screen . for each user-installed app it lets you turn off specific permissions . essentially a very basic version of what lbe privacy guard used to let you do . some features that are missing : ability to group by a permission ( e . g . Access Location ) and see all apps that use it with ability to disable them in this view ability to change permissions on system apps ( e . g . camera to disable geotagging completely ) so all in all , it is a nice feature , and more than available in most roms i know of without extensive modding/flashing of additional frameworks and things . potentially the 2nd item above could - at least in some cases - be gotten around by using something like rom toolbox to convert the system app to a user app . . . but i am not sure what other ramifications doing so would have .
as it turned out : with adb.exe not being in the %PATH% ( or $PATH for linux/mac users ) , the batch file was not able to find it . so there are 3 solutions to it : fixing the batch file to look in the very same directory fixing the %PATH%/$PATH to include the directory changing into the directory the batch ( and adb ) files are located in , and running it from there for a one-time run , #3 is the easiest approach : open a command shell ( on windows via the start menu , open a cmd – on linux via alt + f2 and entering e.g. xterm ) change to the directory ( using the cd command with the directory as argument ; on windows , you might need to switch to the correct drive letter before ) run the batch/shell script from there if you need that script more often , it might be worth trying one of the other two approaches . not being a windows user , i do not know where exactly to add the PATH information there ( afair it was in " environment variables " somewhere in the settings of the control center ) ; on linux you can just do so in your $HOME/.profile or $HOME/.bashrc , adding a line like export PATH=$PATH:/where/is/adb  ( of course using the correct path instead of /where/is/adb ) . fixing the script/batch is a little beyond the scope of our site : )
this is the real issue cyrus had ( we tracked it down via interactive chat ) : the phone has obviously some race condition between plugging usb in and usb ready . plugging in basically gives 2 events : power connected event ( start charging battery ) usb connected event ( enumerate devices etc . ) if the host system asks for usb enumeration too quickly ( before the power-connected event has settled probably ) , then that operation fails and the device stays invisible . the workaround is to slowly insert the usb cable . reason : usb has 4 pins , the 2 outer ones are +/- and protrude longer than the inner 2 data pins . if inserted slowly , there is a time gap between the power-connected event and the data-connected event
more often than not , digital . consider : how in the world would the motor for moving a lens fit in a phone case ? for that matter , where would the find the room to have variable focal length ? would the manufacturers really put such a battery-drainer in the unit ? how much more expensive would it be , too ? should somebody actually come up with a phone with optical zoom , it would be a big deal and a huge marketing gimmick . ( "the only phone camera with optical zoom ! " ) i have not seen any . have you ? that is not to say that someday someone will not make has not made such a phone . there sure are not any right now . unless they make a big deal about the camera zoom , you can assume it is digital .
yes . sdmaid does an excellent job of finding files abandoned by the system such as interrupted play apk downloads ( cutely called the " basement corpse finder" ) , shrinking databases and emptying your caches . it also lists files by size so you can find space hogs , etc .
it is generally below 5 minutes , anything over 10 minutes is probably considered a wrong flash . read the instructions given by the developer and than try again . if it still does not work as for help in the roms thread ask they will be better suited to help with specific questions about your rom than us .
try super bt mono . it does not explicity say that it works for non-ad2p headsets but i believe that is the whole point of the app . there would be no need for this app with a headset that has ad2p . edit : whoops , that is for froyo only and you are on eclair . basically you need to find an app that will stream audio over the hsp profile instead of ad2p but i could not find one for you . you have 3 options as i see them : get android 2.2 on your phone and try super bt mono froyo pro root your phone , load cyanogenmod and try super bt mono pro buy a headset that supports ad2p ( they can be as cheap as $30 ) sorry i could not help more .
i love it when i can give these answers ; ) simple answer : no , this is not possible . long answer : toasts are built into apps , and are low level . there is no way for 3rd party apps to catch toasts , and there is no way to view them longer . this could be possible if you made your own custom rom however .
well i kinda ' fixed it . i changed the user agent setting in my opera browser from mobile to desktop and every flv file now works . as you might expect there are side effects ( i am getting dektop sites instead of mobile sites - they are bigger , harder to use and they take up more space so they load slower ) . this will be a good work around at leas .
50 mb is not much . consider that for installation , the apk gets probably temporarily stored there ( in /data/local ( not always sometimes it is in the /cache/download/ folder ) -- at least that is what the playstore app does , i am not sure about a " local install " where the .apk probably is available from your sdcard ) for processing , then gets installed ( below /data/app ) and initializes its data ( below /data/data ) . and during all that , it should leave enough free space to allow all other apps to work normally : creating temporary files , log files ( at least the latter again being stored below /data in many cases , e . g those you can access via logcat ) , and manipulate their data ( guess where -- yes , again below /data/data ) . so you see : most of these actions take place on the /data partition . now look what size the .apk of sbp shell 3d has . something about 10 . . 15 mb ? so when installed , it creates its data structure below /data/data as well , which adds to this . and during all that installation process , free space probably falls below 30 mb ( if it really requires a copy in /data/local for the install , even below 20 mb ) -- which is why the system alerts about " free space getting low " . the solution already came with the warning : uninstall some apps . or move some bigger ones / rarely used apps to sd , if possible . or clean up some cache -- but that will only help temporarily . you might also want to check some other space/installation related questions here : why is “insufficient storage” wrongly reported when installing an . apk via adb ? is there a way to workaround the phone memory limit for installed apps ? why can not i install apps when i have enough storage ? application does not get installed : insufficient storage available could be good starting points .
it is a configuration that must be active to give you that information , usually it is used when you are driving , to prevent accidents : turn off the voice notifications : go to settings menu click on " voice input and output " option select the option " text-to-speech settings " . uncheck the driving mode setting . from the user 's manual driving mode : activate driving mode to provide audible notifications for incoming calls , messages , or event details . change alerts on call settings : settings call settings all calls alerts on call change from " voice " to " vibration " or " off " etc
if you use dialer one as your dialer or even if you install it but use the default stock dialer app , you can get to the favorites screen by long pressing a blank area of the homescreen , and from the shortcuts menu , choosing favorites .
there is an application called root uninstaller pro 2.7 , with the sole purpose of allowing users uninstall either system or regular applications . to download it to your phone via wap : visit http://wap.mobiles24.com on your wap enabled handset select download by id and enter 552004 click download item other links : root uninstaller pro 2.7 android app apk google play :: root uninstaller pro ( small price )
there is the leds hack app if you have got the root thing going .
it seems that the htc desire models are known to have hardware that easily gets defective . . . :-/ i have searched far and wide , and the general consensus seems to be that if a restore and/or factory reset does not resolve the problem , then it is not a software issue but a hardware defect . the device could probably be repaired , but if the warranty gone then it is probably wiser buying a new device instead .
answer : you can use freex3d : vrml , x3d , stl viewer by john alexander stewart available from google play store : freex3d is a 3d vrml/x3d and stl viewer for android . new - anaglyph rendering option for 3d viewing of your 3d files ! freex3d allows the user to browse local stl , vrml 97 and x3d files , and to view these files on their android gles-2 capable device . you can rotate or zoom stl files ; x3d files you can walk , or examine , as defined by the spec . use one finger to rotate or walk , two to zoom or move in +-z , depending on navigation mode set . this version works on android 2.2 and above . it requires opengl es-2.0 , which is available in all modern phones/tablets , and most released over the last couple of years . related curiosity : there is also an interesting project that worth mentioning , called x3dom for free on android devices that support webgl : x3dom ( pronounced x-freedom ) is an experimental open source framework and runtime to support the ongoing discussion in the web3d and w3c communities how an integration of html5 and declarative 3d content could look like . it tries to fulfill the current html5 specification for declarative 3d content and allows including x3d elements as part of any html5 dom tree .
sorry , now i see the small microphone icon and globe icon for setting the speech language ( keeping the globe pressed allows you to choose which languages to toggle back and forth between ) on the soft keyboard that comes up .
yes , there is a way to do so in the mobile app . i am using facebook app version 1.8.1 on a motorola droid 3 . the process i did to set a picture as my profile picture was as follows : started facebook at the top left there was an icon with 3 horizontal dashes that brings up the different sections of facebook , i browsed down to the " photos " section under apps . i selected a photo out of my list of photos ( it would not let me select the option on anyone else 's photo ; so i assume it must be one uploaded into your account ) . i used my phone 's physical menu button to open the facebook menu . i hit the " more " arrow button to list more options in the menu . one of these extra options was to " make profile picture " it may be slightly different on your device ; however it is possible to do this in the latest facebook version on the desired photo .
i think any auto-update/notification settings relate to apps installed via the play store , not the play store itself . that is updated occasionally by google . you could try and force an update , if you are convinced one is available and that you are missing it , by going into the application manager and uninstalling updates for play store , then clear data , and clear cache , then running the app again and seeing if it forces the download of a newer version . ( incidentally , i have the s3 too , and am currently on v4.1.10 of the play store . which version are you on ? )
there are two ways i think you can do this , in the android app , click on the layer selection and go to the my maps layer , where you should see your private maps . if you want to access your bookmarked address , from the main maps screen , click the menu button and choose the bookmarks option . ( not sure about bookmarks , i have a french ui , so it shows as ' favoris' )
if you are rooted , install autorun manager . make sure you have busybox installed and use Advanced Mode of autorun manager . it displays all receivers of an app as well as intents to which receivers are registered . from there , you can disable a receiver of an app , too . but , you had need pro version if you want to disable more than two receivers .
there are many that seem to be " standard " , but they can also be added by individual applications ( e . g . provider-installed ) . check out http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=540483 for a method to extract telephony codes from your installed apps .
try this : on the messaging app , ( without opening any thread ) , tap on the menu key and go to settings . scroll down to multimedia message ( mms ) settings section and turn off " auto-retrieve " next time you view the message , the message will display a download button . make sure your mobile data is on , and tap on the button . the image will be retrieved and displayed inline on galaxy s .
i would suggest trying an app like audio manager . i have not tried it on ics myself .
weatherbug ( free ) seems to meet your criteria . has nice widgets , multiple location support , and tons of weather stations . there is also a pay version ( weatherbug elite ) which removes ads and adds several additional features such as radar in motion and detailed hourly forecasts .
if you open the play store on your android device and go to that app 's page within the refund period , a refund option is available to tap . i am not certain if this is available in the web version of the play store ( it is not , as far as i can tell ) .
you need to flash this google apps ( gapps ) from this site here . installing just one apk for play store will not suffice and will fail as it has dependencies on other components that makes up gapps .
upgrading to gingerbread ( android 2.3 ) resolves this issue .
even if proguard was used you still can get some interesting insights . here is a stackoverflow question with a detailed explanation : android : getting source code from an apk file . youtube video with a detailed guide . and a blog entry about that : how to retrieve source code from an android apk file .
you do not need to do anything . every device using google backup with the same google account keeps its own separate set of data . when you sign into your google account for the first time after a factory-reset , the device will look through all the backup sets and try to pick the most recent one from the same device . it'll restore from that set of data , and use that to create a new backup set . only if you sign in on a completely new device that you have not used before ( not even before a factory-reset ) will it choose a set from a different device : in that case , the most recently backed-up set . so , you can leave your galaxy nexus backing up to its own set , and your galaxy s5 backing up to its own set . if you factory-reset one of them , it'll restore the apps and data from the same device . for a much more complete explanation of how google backup keeps track of different sets of backed-up data , see my answer to google backup : multiple devices using the same account - what happens on restore ?
put your device to sleep mode for faster charging . check o/p voltage and current of your adapter ( charger ) and use higher o/p current adapter ( this option might produce more heat while charging so could damage your device , proper cooling while charging expected )
they are included in android . the correct settings are determined by your sim mcc and mnc ( mobile country code and mobile network code ) . if you want , you can view the list of preset apns by looking at the source code , for example at android-source-browsing . the file name in this case is /etc/apns-full-conf . xml , but apparently it varies .
the upgrading to 10.2 from 10.1 page links to a flashable zip with the photosphere enabled camera app . that link appears to currently be broken . here is a working link . after flashing , the camera app has the ability to take photospheres .
deriving from the link given in comments : answer by richard you are not able to play the high resolution videos in your mobile . your device should be able to handle videos up to 640*360 , this is the resolution of hq youtube . note that there is absolutely no point in watching hd videos on your phone . it has a screen resolution of 240 x 320 . anything above this will be scaled down to fit the screen . comment by ce4 in general , hd videos need to be decoded by a specialized companion chip ( h264 decoder ) because the cpu is not powerful enough . for price reasons , only a subset of h264 's features may be supported leaving you without hd support
this feature is not built into android , but there is an app - desksms , that allows you to do what you are asking . it does , however , require the use of a browser plugin .
i got it : we need to copy those SDK Manager.exe and AVD Manager.exe to the sdk root folder , i needed to copy them to C:\android-sdk\ , this is because , SDK Manager.exe and AVD Manager.exe are looking for tools .
i was able to blacklist the messages by pressing and holding over the " conversation " in the list and selecting " add to blacklist . " this removed the messages and i have not gotten any new nag messages from them since .
looks like this is a pretty common problem . one of the comments in the second link says that you need to change /sdcard to /mnt/sdcard . apparently android 2.2 changed the way the sdcard is mounted and the error you are receiving comes from /sdcard being a symbolic link in 2.2 rather than an absolute path . http://code.google.com/p/swiftp/issues/detail?id=86 http://code.google.com/p/swiftp/updates/list
a bit more playing around led me to a ( if not the ) solution . i found an " enable headset buttons " check box in meridian , which prompted me to dig further into beyondpod , where a found a similar setting . everything works as i would like now . i have since gone back and checked a couple of things though , which are not quite as i expected . i thought if you re-enabled the controls within one app , it might disable the other . this is not quite what happened . when i re-enabled meridian , it responded to the controls , although beyondpod still showed it as supposedly responding , which it did not . once i would disabled meridian again , i had to go back into beyondpod , disable and re-enable it is control in order to have it respond again . my main gripe was that if i were listening a podcast , and bumped the headphone controls , the music would start playing over the top of my podcast audio . while it may be a cute multi-tasking demo , it is not a particularly practical use of this feature , imh ( bc ) o .
i am not familiar with the samsung galaxy , but in general if you want to install an aftermarket os you need to root your phone and in general rooting your phone will void the warranty . do you have other reasons for wanting to change the os or is it really just touchwiz ? according to this xda post , the only touchwiz-free rom is cyanogenmod . it is very unstable on the galaxy s though . however , you can install a different launcher such as launcherpro . touchwiz will still be on the phone , but just in the background , so you can have a more " stock android " experience by using another launcher . i hope i have answered your intial question . do not hesitate to ask new questions about how to go about disabling touchwiz if you do opt to go that route .
when you first install an application that can handle the same intent as another application install ( for the sake of this example , let 's say a home launcher , but this works for any similar apps ) , then the first time you had press the home button ( which calls an intent to go to the home screen , which you now have 2 apps that could handle it ) , you will get a selection screen of applications that can fulfill that intent and you will have the option to set one of them as default . if set an application as default and you no longer wish to use that application as default you can either uninstall the application or you can go to settings --> applications --> manage apps --> go to the app in particular --> and click on " clear defaults " . this will reset the default application for that intent , so the next time you had press the home button you would again get a selection of home launchers to choose from .
go to settings > applications > development > and check usb debugging after that if you connect your s2 to a pc it will connect in usb mode and you will not get the kies application popup .
by default email will be stored in the phone 's internal memory , not on the sd card . ( though you can ' move ' the app to sd storage , so it is possible that the sd card gets used ) . as others have said , once your mail is on the sd card , there is no protection as the sd card is removable ( since the data is unencrypted ) . for mail that is stored in the phone 's built-in memory , an attacker would have to unlock the phone to get the data . either directly through the mail app once unlocked , or to put the phone into " usb disk mode " to read the phone 's state from a usb-attached computer . ( a really sophisticated attacker could probably disassemble your phone and wire the flash to a custom reader , by passing the phone lock and read your unencrypted emails off of the flash . ) note that the exchange connection allows the exchange server to send a command to wipe your device . ( i believe this is contingent on some setup by the exchange admin . ) in the web ui for my exchange email server , there is an option to list authorized devices and to wipe them remotely . of course , the phone needs to be on a network to receive this command , so an attacker could delay this command by preventing the phone from using its networks .
from a quick search of the market , only northern bank has anything obvious in there at the moment , and they are not quite one of the really big uk high st banks . ( barclays have a couple of apps but they are all related to their marketing/sponsorship nothing to do with personal accounts ) .
here you go . just move the icon to your homepage as a shortcut and you are good to go : ) morerecent via droidforums . net
summing up from the comments , and adding a little . directory structure there is no complete documentation for the entire cards structure , that seems not to be fixed . however , some directories seem to be more or less common : the developers guide suggests app specific data should be stored below /sdcard/Android/data/&lt;package_name&gt;/files/ ( &lt;package_name&gt; represending the name of the package the data belongs to , which looks like com.example.android.app ) , and /Android/data/&lt;package_name&gt;/cache/ for external cache files ( basically , this corresponds to the /data/data/&lt;package_name&gt;/ directory on internal storage ) same source recommends a bunch of directories to store files intended to be shared among apps . all of those directories are located in the root of the card , and include : Music/ - media scanner classifies all media found here as user music . Podcasts/ - media scanner classifies all media found here as a podcast . Ringtones/ - media scanner classifies all media found here as a ringtone . Alarms/ - media scanner classifies all media found here as an alarm sound . Notifications/ - media scanner classifies all media found here as a notification sound . Pictures/ - all photos ( excluding those taken with the camera ) . Movies/ - all movies ( excluding those taken with the camcorder ) . Download/ - miscellaneous downloads . excluding directories from media scan if you wish to exclude a directory from the media scan ( i.e. . from being indexed for the gallery ) , you can place a file named .nomedia there . this will tell the media scanner to skip this directory ( including all files and subdirectories ) from a scan -- thus neither images , nor audio or video files stored here will turn up in the gallery . you however can still access them by looking them up manually . up to my knowledge , there is no way to restrict this to a certain media type ( i.e. . having the media scanner index audio/video , but skip images ) . important : note the " dot " at the beginning of the file name ( making it a " hidden file" ) . this must be included with its name .
unless you have a previous backup , there is no easy way to recover them . use handcent or gosms - they have in-built scheduling to backup sms to your sd card or to send the backup to an email mailbox you specify .
Settings -&gt; Wireless and Network -&gt; WiFi Settings , hit the menu button , and choose advanced . however , it appears this does not support user authentication . i can not find a solution online , either : ( . the question i marked as a duplicate may be of some assistance , though your version of android may be too old for any of this .
unfortunately not , except perhaps a different chat application that can interface with google talk . talk uses the timestamp of the sender to order the messages , using the assumption that cellphones on a cell network will have a consistently accurate clock . it is likely that a different chat application ( such as imo or trillian ) which interfaces with google chat will display these messages differently ; i do not use multi-protocol chat applications , or change my clock , so i cannot confirm that this will solve your problem ; i remain rather confident it will however .
looks like google has released a new version of authenticator ( as of march 21 , 2012 ) under a new package name : com.google.android.apps.authenticator2 . old version : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.apps.authenticator new version : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.apps.authenticator2 different package names means that you can have them both installed simultaneously , but my guess is that google will eventually remove the old version from the play store . installing authenticator 2 without uninstalling authenticator allows authenticator 2 to import your currently configured sites . i have read a few posts from people claiming that google lost their signing key , and this why they have to release a new app under a new package name . i want to emphasize that there is no evidence to support this claim . while it is true that signing keys cannot be changed with app updates and therefore require a completely new app/package name , a more plausible explanation could be that google wants to integrate authenticator more tightly ( e . g . , shared uids , signature permissions ) with other apps ( see below ) . additional info for those interested : the signing key used on the old version of google authenticator ( sha1 fingerprint : 24:BB:24:C0:5E:47:E0:AE:FA:68:A5:8A:76:61:79:D9:B6:13:A6:00 ) is also used to sign : scoreboard , goggles , finance , google voice , shopper , transalte , chrometophone , earth , reader , and a few others . the signing key used on the new version of google authenticator ( sha1 fingerprint : 38:91:8A:45:3D:07:19:93:54:F8:B1:9A:F0:5E:C6:56:2C:ED:57:88 ) is used to sign : google maps , google play store , gmail , google+ , google chrome and google music . update : google has put up a blog post talking about the new up as well as the upgrade procedure .
if you have a compromised kernel , then it does not matter whether you have root or not . packet sniffing app goes through the kernel 's public interface for sniffing packets , which is why they are subject to security restrictions ; a compromised kernel can simply bypass all that and read the packets directly from the kernel internal data structure or directly from the hardware . kernel code runs under supervisor mode which gives them direct access to the hardware including being able to read any parts of memory of any program running on the system . if it is a branded phone that had been customized by your telco , they build the device image for your device , including the kernel image . in non-branded phone , it is similar situation except it is with the manufacturer . additionally , manufacturers can also install malicious hardware .
i would use the motochopper exploit from the first thread . the exploit is from dan rosenberg ( djrbliss on xda ) , a known security researcher who has published some android root exploits so far . if the exploit does not work , there is no harm it can inflict . if it does work , harm can only be done while persisting the root access but i have not seen any problems with that ( either it does not work at all or it just works ) . the second alternative seems to be a streamlined free/paid service that is probably probing your device and it will eventually use the same motochopper exploit from the first thread . background info : announcement on xda exploit : http://vulnfactory.org/public/motochopper.zip
i do not think it is possible to re-lock the bootloader of a atrix 4g . you should read this too
the old reader 's website has a list of apps that are known to use its api . the only android app currently listed is : listener launcher which is an alternative launcher , so probably does more than you want . however a quick search of the play store for " the old reader " comes up with : the old reader ( unofficial ) app , and the greader ( free version ) ( paid version ) app both of which claim to sync with the old reader , amongst other services .
ubuntu running on one computer is really no different from ubuntu running on another computer , whether one of the computers is called a " phone " or not :p things to consider for your applications : does this application rely on specific video libraries ? no existing android phone has an ati video chip , for example , as far as i am aware . does this application rely on specific input methods or other hardware ? not all android devices support peripherals . of course , most have bluetooth so ubuntu should be able to manage a bluetooth keyboard , for example , but i am not sure whether a phone 's bluetooth stack could be so different as to not work in ubuntu . does this application rely on the x86 architecture ? most ( all ? ) android devices use the arm architecture . i would suspect that emacs would be fine if you compiled it for the chipset of whatever device you used . ruby might be more complicated -- maybe it relies on specific x86 instructions , i have not really studied how interpreted languages work in that regard -- but maybe not . you are making me want to try ubuntu on my phone so i can better answer these questions :p
by doing a factory reset and formatting the sd cards , i would say that it is safe enough to sell . if you want to be perfectly sure , flashing the original rom with option of wiping the cache will make the phone as good as you got it when you purchased . of course , still you have to format the sd card in that case as well . to know how to flash the original rom for you lg optimus gt540 , you can visit this page , which has a step by step instructions about this process . you should be able to find similar such page for your other samsung device just with google search . update : i found this web page , which explains about to how to downgrade i5800 to 2.1 . by that process you can get the original rom ( watch out for the region ) and safely sell .
the solution is to install program wake lock and set the setting to PARTIAL_WAKE_LOCK . this keep necessary power for sd card even if of charger and with disabled display . it obviously cause a bit more battery consumption , but far less then constant sd card remounting . no root needed .
this post helped me : since firmware version 4.1 ( jelly bean ) , the memory became partitioned : roughly 2gb for apps , the rest became mass storage . the problem did not exist in ics or earlier . to free up some space , dial *#9900# in standard dialer ( called phone ) and select option 2 " delete dumpstate/logcat " in the prompted menu as for making more than 2gbs available for applications , here 's an instruction on re-flashing firmware which re-partitions internal storage , allowing up to 12gbs of internal storage for applications .
grab this . apk file from the xda forums and sideload it like you would any other app . the instructions state that it will work on unrooted devices , and cnet actually ran an article detailing this a little while back . the original xda thread is here , the link you need is the one under the qr code ( the " apk method" ) . this particular method will evidently only work if you live in the us and have android v4.0.2 or later installed , but that should cover any typical vzw galaxy nexus at this point . as far as i am aware , you will not be able to get updates from the play store if you sideload like this , but that is the only caveat i have personally encountered thus far on my vzw galaxy nexus . i used the free $10 prepaid balance at mcdonald 's without any issue . a few additional musings after doing some experimentation : after sideloading the . apk above i was not able to update wallet from the play store app on my phone . however , if i logged into the web store and visited the page for wallet , it listed my galaxy nexus as compatible . hitting install on the web page allowed me to push the updated version to my phone successfully , despite the fact that i could not do it from my phone . if you are itching to try out the newly added ability to add your credit card to wallet , you could try the above to get yourself updated to the newest version . alternatively , if you consider me a " trusted source " ( i am trustworthy , i swear ) you can get a copy from my dropbox account . i simply pulled the updated . apk file from my device after i updated through the play store , so i can safely say this version has not been tampered with by any third parties .
from self testing of the drive , quickoffice and the new docs apps and an official google blog posting , it seems like the strategy will be : google drive app to view and organize your files quickoffice to open ms documents stand alone google docs apps ( docs , sheets , and eventually slides ) to open google doc files some testing i did shows ( moto x 4.4.2 with docs v1.3.144.12 ; quickoffice v6.3.1.041 ; drive v1.2.563.21 ) : the quickoffice app only opens microsoft format files ; i am unable to load native google documents the new docs app only opens google doc word files ; i am unable to load microsoft format files a google blog post has a statement that leads me to believe their strategy is to remove document editing from the drive app itself , and just have it open the stand-alone apps for google doc files , and quickoffice for ms document files : if you don’t have time now , over the next few days you’ll be prompted to download the apps when you go to edit or create a document or spreadsheet in your drive app . and of course , you’ll still be able to use the drive app to view and organize all of your documents , spreadsheets , presentations , photos and more . we also may be in line for a new google drive update soon - which removes in-drive editing . the ios version of drive has stripped in-drive document editing ( in favor of the external apps ) and added a pin code to allow you to encrypt local documents . ( source ) edit : the new google drive app has been released , which removes in-drive editing , and will prompt you to download the new docs and sheets apps .
you may only make oem lock , but if anybody really need to flash something - he can do unlock again ( with removing anything from device ) . and one old rule : if anybody has physical access to device - software protection will not help .
you will need to edit the apk for the default launcher , which in this case is touchwiz launcher . you will need to figure out how touchwiz gets its default setting , my guess is it would be in some of the xml files in the /res/values/ folder for the launcher , which should make modding easier as you will only need to extract the apk , edit the files you need , and recompress and probably resign the package but it may also be hardcoded into the code in which case you will need to decompile , reverse engineer , and recompile the dalvik class files in addition to the previous steps . these are some tools that might help you do these modifications : apktool : a tool for reverse engineering android apk files smali/baksmali : an assembler/disassembler for android 's dex format jarsigner : tool to sign an apk ( included in sdk )
there is no such site that lists all the available rom 's for all the devices - if there was , it would be huge . the best way to find a custom rom , as well as ways to flash and guides , is to check the more popular forums - such as xda-developers or the android forums .
self-answering update from op : i have now owned a verizon galaxy note 3 for about 6 months and there are no significant differences between this and another carrier 's model . it even has an official upgrade path to kitkat at this point ( although not yet ota at the time i posted this answer ) . http://xkcd.com/979/
that is easily accomplished using tasker . if you do not know , tasker is the most complete automation solution for android . it does not come for free ( 5 euro -- but you can get a free trial on their homepage ) , but is definitly worth the price . just take a look at the tasker userguide for a full description . tasker combines conditions and tasks to profiles . in your case , the task would be something like : task autosync : auto-sync : on you will have two conditions , one for each profile ( tasker always connects conditions by and , so you need two different profiles : profile home : condition : wifi connected ( add your home network 's details ) task : autosync profile college : condition : wifi connected ( add your college 's network 's details ) task : autosync now , when you are not connected to any of these networks , switch off autosync manually once ( you will not have to repeat this ) . next time you connect to one of the two networks , tasker turns autosync on -- and resets it to the previous state ( off ) as soon as you are disconnected . if tasker is too heavy for you , i am pretty sure there are other automating tools which can accomplish this simple task ( llama - location profiles for example ) . but now that you have got the idea , you will find the related app fitting you .
the current best , known solution is to use " adbwireless " to connect the device with one 's computer over a network . be careful to connect both devices to the same network . if you do not have access to a wireless network , the . apk can be transferred in harddrive mode after exporting the project from eclipse . however , this route does not allow use of adb for logging , debug mode , or any other tools . ( see application " alogcat " if logcat logs are wanted ) if anyone finds other solutions , please edit this answer .
the su binaries are not included with the original distribution of android , because they are not used at all by any stock system functions . obviously , there are those of us that like to be able to do those things ; ) most rooting processes take care of this , but some leave it out . hence the file @matthew read linked to should take care of your problem , if you follow the process he outlined : ) if you had like to read more about it , you can visit the superuser website and find more downloads there , although the link posted supports eclair , froyo , gingerbread , honeycomb and ice cream sandwich . so it should cover you : )
the script you mention also offers an option to make additional apps ' bulletproof ' . since i do not know which version of supercharger you are running , i can not tell you the correct number of the mentioned option , but it is labeled BulletProof Apps {Hit or Miss} . it scans the current process list and gives you the option to name the app you want to make immune ( or rather " resistent" ) to being killed by the low memory killer . you do not have to be very precise with the naming , any 3 following letters matching your process should suffice . it will then prompt you to acknowledge the choice . that is it , you are done !
pressing the middle ( or home ) button does " minimize " the app . this is a design idea of android . if the app does not get resumed at the same point , then that is the failure of the app 's developer and source code not using the relevant api calls or a general flaw in the app 's code .
as with normal disks , this should apply to the disk and not a specific partition . some file systems offer additional caching , which then would apply to the specific partition -- but disk cache should always apply to the entire disk .
for the following procedure you will need adb installed on your computer ( if you are not already have that , see : is there a minimal installation of adb ? ) . alternatively , a terminal emulator app should do as well . android apps are managed by the " package manager " , which as a command-line interface called pm . so here 's what you can do with it for your case : of course you have to replace com.package.name with the package name of the app you want to deal with . easiest way to find that is visiting its page on google play , and take a look at the url : the package name follows the id= parameter there . it is the -k parameter telling the package manager to keep the app 's data . now , when you re-install the app , its data is already there ( was not removed ) . all this does not require root ( at least as long as we talk about a user-installed app ) .
as manishearth wrote , this might indicate trouble with the card ( and very likely does ) . the boot you describe might have been " too abrupt " , not cleanly unmounting the card and thus corrupting its file system ; in which case the " good ol ' chkdsk" should help ( btw , android ships with fsck for the very same task , which you could execute via a terminal app or adb shell – see check and fix sd card errors within android itself ? ) . on the other hand , it could also mean hardware trouble with the card , which even could be the reason for those reboots , reversing cause and effect : not being able to read/write , or encountering too many " corrupt blocks " , might have triggered some event ( like re-mounting the card read/only ) . i am not sure whether such would trigger a reboot ( as stuff counted essential by the system usually does not reside on the sdcard ) , but it would not be impossible . thus trying a new card will not hurt . ps – a little background on app2sd : as shipped with android 2.2+ , this only moves parts of the app to your card , while other parts remain on internal storage . especially the app 's data remain here ( in /data ) , which is why after a re-installation of your apps they were already ( or rather " still" ) available . for more details , you might wish to take a look at our app2sd tag-wiki .
there are two levels of technical reason why this would not work . not all mobile phones allow the software to control the audio that gets sent over a voice call : the microphone feeds directly into the cell radio . this is the same reason that apps to record calls or play sound over calls do not work on every phone . gsm lossily compresses the sound signal using methods that are specifically designed to work with voice . if you were to try to send arbitrary data ( such as an encrypted signal ) over gsm , it would come out garbled at the other end . if you want to make a phone call that your carrier can not eavesdrop , there are apps available to do this , but they work over wireless internet , not over gsm ( i.e. . they use data not voice ) .
user @izzy explained that encoded pictures are actually included in the .vcf created from the export . this led me to think that the issue is actually with thunbird 's contacts import and not with android 's contacts export . as it turns out this is right . since the default way for thunderbird to import vcards appears to be faulty , i used the add-on morefunctionsforaddressbook to import the address book . it worked fine and included all the pictures !
the galaxy y gt-s5360 simply does not have backlighting for its capacitive buttons ( source 1 , source 2 ) whereas the ace does - there is nothing you can do .
multiple things with your issue : i would never trust a tech who recommends a task-killer for this problem . disqualified 100% . same for the one claiming all android phones last for only one day . that is bogus . it always depends on usage . i have one lasting 7 days ( well , no sim card inserted , not wifi activated -- it is rather used as a stand-by computing device for some apps -- but it is a phone , and it runs longer than 10h ; ) , and my " standard phone " ends up at ~75-80% after 14h usage . tech #2 and #4 sound more reasonable : any app ( especially if " consuming push services" ) can be the cause for such a problem ( see below ) , and monitoring battery usage is a generally good idea ( that tech i would trust most from the ones you mentioned ) different kind of usage causes different battery drain . sometimes processes go havoc and drain the battery quite fast . i had that " big surprise " multiple times already , last time yesterday : went down from ~80% to 5% and " emergency shutdown " within ~2h while in my pocket -- i only noticed that by the " beep " on shutdown . but this should not be a regular ( daily ) issue ; i experienced this maybe 4-5 times in a year with my current device . recommendation : take a look at the battery statistics ( usually found in settings &rarr ; about phone ) to determine which app ( s ) are causing the most battery drain . maybe you have got some " bad egg " on your device , if this happens regularly . second recommendation : take a look at how to deal with ( orphaned ) wakelocks ? -- maybe that is what affects you . again , this could be a mal-functioning app . battery only lasting for ~10h is nothing rare with heavy usage . remember these are no longer " dumb-phones " , but rather " pocket-computers which also can make phone calls " . useful resources also include : how can i tell what is really draining my battery ? how to debug a battery issue ? how can i find out what causes “android os” to consume battery ? follow the tag battery-life
i have read about that phenomenon of some androids having trouble in mixed wpa/wpa2 mode a couple of times now . as you described , people solved it by using either wpa or wpa2 ( or even wep ) . so wpa2 only you tried ( but got trouble with your mac ) . any chances to pin it to only wpa ? wep would be a last-ressort , as it offers only marginal protection . remark : not sure about your settings for this , but in some cases people had ssid broadcast turned off on the router ; turning it on again ( i.e. . broadcasting the ssid ) solved the issue for some of them .
just any hardware you acquire , you acquire it under some limited conditions of usage , rules and laws that exist as to protect users , but mainly to protect the fat companies that profit with you purchase . what is rooting essentially , rooting a device , is a process allowing users to attain privileged control ( known as " root access" ) within android 's subsystem . the general goal is to overcome limitations placed by carriers or hardware manufactures left on the device . this results in the ability to alter or replace system applications and settings , run specialized apps that require administrator-level permissions , or perform other operations that are otherwise inaccessible to a normal user . why does it void your warranty by not allowing access to the superuser account , the manufacturer and your carrier have basically " protected you " from messing up your system , making it unusable . one wrong keystroke and your brand new device becomes a brick ( useless ) . in simple terms , they hand you the device for you to use , saying : " altering or using unapproved software voids your warranty " . rooting falls into this category , you are completely altering your device , which then , it no longer is as it was delivered . so , they can not be responsible for eventual damages on something that they did not provide you or sold to you .
yes , im using 32gb card . i have kept 4096mb as ext4 partition and rest i have formatted as fat32 . link2sd works fine . you can go max 4gb . download mini partition tool format your class10 sdcard 1st partition being fat32 , and second keep ( 4gb ) it ext2 ( ext4 might not work ) shutdown your phone , put back your card . star the phone . and then start linking your files with link2sd . i have bought plus version , it is very useful . since my phone has only 16gb internal memory .
you can only delete specific visited pages while going through the complete browser 's history . i asked because you can not actually delete any visit while they are filtered out by a search query . i think this should be allowed as a feature because if you had a big history you would need to spend an unimaginable amount of time to delete a very old entry while browsing it completely .
there are a number of possible reasons for an inaccurate location , mostly relating to the lack of a good gps fix . if the phone cannot get an accurate gps fix , it will use more approximate methods of deriving its location - such as cell tower locations and wifi hotspot locations . possible reasons for no good gps fix , in vague descending order of likliness : you are indoors , or the sky is otherwise obstructed ( trees can have quite an impact ) gps is turned off or disabled on your phone , or you are using google maps on a device that does not have a gps receiver . you have not used the gps for a day or more , or you have moved a long way since you last used it , and it is taking a while to get a fix - this can take a minute or more in some circumstances , especially if you do not have a data signal . the gps is not working properly . some phones have gps trouble occasionally and require a restart . there is interference with the gps - e.g. naval forces sometimes conduct exercises with gps jamming , and i have had . . . variable results trying to use it near a large naval base before . normally if google maps can only give an approximate fix it will show a circle around your position , showing uncertainty . it might help with diagnosis to know whether you are seeing this circle , as that will indicate whether maps knows that it has an approximate location or whether it thinks that it has an accurate one and is wrong .
you are completely right with your assumption : whenever an app is installed , it is first copied to /data/local . you can check that directory if either you have got a file manager permitting you to go there , or have the android sdk installed . no root needed , as this directory is readable and writable for the shell user . but to your last question : no , i am not aware of any mechanism to control that delay ( never saw a corresponding setting ) . if it can be configured ( and is not hardcoded in some place ) , this will most likely involve root privileges .
the app locker gives you more access , and is working against the system rather than with it . almost by definition , it is much less secure . an app locker might keep out the casual user , but not anyone who knows what they are doing . unless it blocks new apps by default , sideloading would be a problem . depending on the device that may be enough to root it ( if you are not already ) and then they can more or less bypass/remove anything on the device . adb access is a risk in both cases but the ability to interact with the device may provide some other options . i agree with admartian that encryption is the way to go . using a lock screen plus an app locker is better than using only one of them , as well .
it is a security concern . the android documentation does not provide a lot of elaboration , stating simply : the procedure must be confirmed on-screen , and deletes the user data for privacy reasons . however , the privacy concern is relatively straightforward to extrapolate . once the bootloader is unlocked , the device can be flashed with unsigned images . this means that it is relatively trivial to root the device , and there are actually multiple ways it can be done , such as : flashing a system image with root tools built in flashing a boot image that runs adbd with root by default ( an " unsecure " image ) flashing a recovery image , then using that to overwrite the system or boot partitions with ones that allow root access once root is obtained , all of the information on /data essentially becomes accessible . this could be emails , contact information , or many other pieces of personal information that you likely do not want in the wrong hands . therefore , it makes sense to wipe all of this data during the unlocking procedure to ensure that there is no off-the-shelf " official " way of bypassing the sandboxing restrictions implemented by the android operating system , which would thereby allow someone to steal personal data . of course , there may be ways to root without wiping on some devices , but they rely on exploits rather than official methods like a bootloader unlock , meaning they are basically bugs .
i have the same problem . it is ridiculous . i do not really have a solution , but here 's my workaround : i forward the found email to myself . ( doing this , you still will not be able to read the message in the composition window ! ! ) so you will be able to read the forwarded message only when it comes around in your inbox . i really do hope they will fix this .
there is an app for that . photosync ( sync to picasa ) automatically syncs local folder to picasaweb , so you can select your camera folder . it is free and not so huge as g+ app . you can set your local folder and picasa folder and sync them on eg . hourly basis .
android 2.3.3 was ( on all devices i am aware of ) vulnerable to the gingerbreak exploit , which used a software hole in android to gain root permission and therefore does not require wiping your device . superoneclick provides this as one of its root methods , making it a popular choice for rooting versions 2.3 to 2.3.3 of gingerbread .
simple2ext ( as described here : http://forum.cyanogenmod.com/topic/20328-solution-to-unable-to-download-big-apps-from-the-market/ ) did the job for me . i am also running cm 7.0.3 and had problems with downloading big apps from market . sometimes it helped clearing the dalvik cache but not always .
try this call confirm app . this application is going to ask you whether to call or hangup the contact what you touched on call history .
from a packet capture , the codecs are : gsm-efr 8khz amr 8khz gsm 8khz g . 711/pcmu 8khz g . 711/pcma 8khz here 's the tidbit from the rtp packet capture : i could not find a way to configure the codecs either .
this is apparently not possible with android 2.2 on motorola droid .
i am pretty sure that while adb push works to get the files there , it is not the supported way to get media files onto your android device . this means that it does not set the flag that tells the media scanner that new media which needs it is meta-data indexed and added to the media library has arrived on your device . one way to force the media scanner to rescan your storage is to just run an app like rescan sd after you have copied the files over .
just from the market description , astro player looks like it might .
see this image released by htc . it describes the update process in a very detailed form : edit : fixed link
if you have the issue with files , that you were previously able to play , try to reboot your phone . if playback works afterwards , you seem to have the same issue as described in this problem : samsung galaxy s : unsupported file type ( mp3 ) i do not know of a fix for this yet , the only workaround seems to be a reboot .
unfortunately , if you were running sdk 1.6 or later you could just update without installing a new sdk . but for 1.5 you need to install a new sdk . per this link from google http://developer.android.com/sdk/installing.html ( see quoted text below ) . . . how ever , you can backup your projects and move them into the new sdk environment . so it looks like all may not be lost . just read that link above pretty thoroughly . updating ? if you are currently using the android 1.6 sdk or later and want to update to the latest tools or platforms , you do not need to install a new sdk . instead , you can simply update the individual components in your sdk using the android sdk and avd manager tool . for information about how to do that , see updating sdk components if you are using android 1.5 sdk or earlier , you should install a new sdk as described in this document and move your application projects to the new sdk environment .
" press 1 to accept the call " sounds like google voice 's call screening . check your gv call settings to ensure that call screening is not on at all . ( you can individually turn it off for certain people or groups , but the main setting would need to be " on " . ) more on call screening at google voice support .
in recovery mode , use this : adb shell mount /sdcard adb push {filename} /sdcard/{filename}  update #1: an alternative suggested by ce4: pull out the sd card , copy all needed files externally , and put it back in update #2: it seems the user did not install cwm correctly . after fixing this , adb push now works as expected .
flashing your phone probably also changed your modem/baseband . flashing another might give you better signal . here you can download modems for your phone : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1158783
you can not change the text size in google maps , because the whole map , including the labels , is retrieved from google 's servers as an image . ( in fact , they are lots of small images called tiles . for this reason , using a different app that embeds google maps will not help at all : they are all just displaying the same tiles . if you want a map that looks different , you will need to use an openstreetmap-based app . openstreetmap ( osm ) is like the wikipedia of maps : it is a free , open map of the world maintained and updated by volunteers . since the raw map data are available for anyone to use , there are some osm apps that generate the map image on your device , instead of downloading tiles from a central server . such apps have more options for customizing the map to suit your needs , so while i do not know off-hand of one with text size options , this starting point might help you to find one .
i did this for myself by navigating to settings > storage , tap on the misc category , select the ~4 gb linux image and use the trash icon to delete it , but this will probably vary depending on what device you use .
you might need to clear the cache of the download manager . go into : Settings -&gt; Apps -&gt; All (tab) -&gt; Download Manager  here tap Clear cache and for good measure Clear data
if your device is rooted , you might want to take a look at titanium backup , which has built-in support for dropbox , box and google drive . as for your " special folder " , i would say you will probably like ftpsyncx -- which allows you automatically sync with dropbox as well as with your local pc via ssh , ftp , and others . the latter can happen automatically all xx minutes when your wifi is in reach , or when any wifi is in reach , or generally . . . and the app is well supported . alternatively , there is foldersync , additionally offering support for skydrive , sugarsync , ubuntu one , box .net, livedrive , google drive , google docs , hidrive , netdocuments , amazon s3 and webdav . ftpsyncx : foldersync :
i see this issue quite frequently . hangouts will crash if you disable stock messaging app , but you can not re-enable the messaging app if you have disabled it before upgrading the os . in order to resolve you need to go into settings -> apps , tap the three-dot menu button , and select the " reset app preferences " option : this re-enables all previously disabled apps , including the ones you could not re-enable before . hangouts should also stop crashing now .
there is no where in the stock system that provides the id , however there are apps that will provide it , such as android system info . some stock roms hidden menus also contain this info .
look in settings-> accounts most likely you will have an account there for facebook . there may be settings for that account that allow you to choose what gets synced . otherwise if you do not need any of it , delete the account . it will not running in the background updating facebook statuses for those contacts . . . should help with battery life , memory , etc . hope this helps .
it is enormously annoying , is not it ? there is no way to suppress it on an unmodified system that i know of , but you can at least free up more internal disk space by emptying system and app caches using an app like sd maid or by going into the application management section ( Settings-&gt;Applications-&gt;Manage Applications-&gt;All , then click on an app name ) and manually clearing out app data for hogs like google maps and the like using the Clear cache button ( note : do not clear the app data ! just the cache ) .
the device goes to sleep when the screen is off and no background services are doing anything ( such as checking for mail ) . when this happens , the wi-fi chip in the phone can go into a low-power state . this saves power while the device is asleep , but has some costs:- next time the device wakes up it'll take an extra fraction of a second to turn the wi-fi back on , making the tablet less response when you turn the screen on . if the device wakes up to perform a background task ( such as checking for mail ) , that'll take slightly longer too , and use more power . that is , the device uses less power while asleep , but waking it up costs slightly more : like the trade-off between keeping the engine in your car running , or stopping it and using more fuel/battery to restart it later . any apps with " push " features ( using google cloud messaging or similar ) will not work while the device is asleep . that is , you will not get google hangouts messages , or notifications from gmail , while the device is asleep . if those costs are fine for you , leave the setting off to allow the wi-fi chip to go to sleep when the rest of your phone does . otherwise , turn the setting on to keep the wi-fi on all the time .
on my galaxy s3 it is home and power but they need to be held in for about 1 second but it may be different on the s2 edit : according to this samsung have changed the screen shot buttons to be volume down + power on some firmware versions and on others it is power + home heald for about 2 seconds . hope that helps
there are 2 potential solutions . one , when you use perform task you can pick the priority of the task your asking it to run . if you set the priority the same or higher than the current task ( a good way to do this is to specify '%priority + 1' ) , the new task will completely execute before the current on resumes . if you set the priority of the task lower than the current task 's priority , the current task will finish before the new task starts . since i have had mix results with the use of priority could add a wait until after the preform task . example : 1. WAIT UNTIL MIN: 1 UNTIL: %Done IS SET  the variable , %done , is set at the last line of the task you called . you can set %done to anything but one it is set the 1st task will know it is okay to continue . if you have any further problems feel free to come back and ask more question . if my answer does solve your problem please remember to make it as answered and to upvote my answer . i only ask since i am new and i am trying to build up my reputation . thanks , hope it all works out .
did you wait some time after the power cord was pluged in ? it is normal that this takes some time to show the charging screen if the battery is not charged at all . for a full factory reset ( that is the most reset that can be done by the galaxy s ) , you want to boot into recovery mode by powering off the device , and then booting it by holding down the volume up + home + power keys . a menu should appear that offers the " factory reset " option .
my galaxy s vibrant has 16 gb internal sd storage , and Settings -&gt; SD card and phone storage reports 12.78 gb . i would assume the ~3 gb difference is due to the reported size being actually in gib , not gb , and partitioning ( the internal data partition is 1.84 gib as reported by titanium backup ) and formatting . the numbers work out , anyways . given that 8 - 5.01 is also ~3 , i would say that you have an 8 gb model on your hands . checking with titanium ( requires root ) or something else might be a good idea .
this is most likely some app utilizing google services . you do not show the details screen to be reached when tapping the graph on top of your first screenshot . please check there , and cross-check with how to deal with ( orphaned ) wakelocks ? -- the " keep awake " of your second screenshot suggest wakelocks as the " source of evil " . the part what if it is the android system itself ? should help you track the issue down further . another possible -- no , very likely candidate is found in another question i just stumbled upon : google services is killing my battery by keeping phone awake . sound familiar ? ; )
if you are familiar with the concepts of read and write permissions on various pc platforms , that is pretty much the same as what is going on here . you are giving the application write access to your " external storage " which could be an sd card , or some storage space that comes with your device . that permission indicates that the application is able to create , modify , or delete any files that reside on the sd card ( or the non-removable storage space that the the os treats most like an sd card ) . so it could download a file from online and manually save it to your sd card . it could generate its own image , text , audio etc . . file and save it to your sd card . it could delete any file on your sd card . it could find a file that already exists on your sd ( even one with nothing to do with the app ) and make changes to it .
the launcher application on some phones does not provide the ability for a scrolling wallpaper , the only way to fix this would be to download a separate launcher . here is a list of most of them - https://play.google.com/store/search?q=launcherc=apps
i see 3 solutions for you : you can use quickshortcutmaker ( or any similar ) application to add launcher to any installed application ( or android activity ) . not sure if it helps , but you can check your launcher 's settings . there should be item " hidden applications " ( or similar ) . install and use another launcher .
if you purchase the paid version of launcher pro you can crop widgets . just long press on a widget with launcher pro installed and running , and then let go . it should be highlighted in an off orange/yellow color . in the lower right corner is a little arrow type icon , click this and drag to crop the widget . not sure how to do this otherwise .
if fastboot from your computer can not find it , try following these steps exactly , beginning with installing the Requirements below . the most likely problem is some sort of driver missing , disallowing the computer from reading the phone in while it is in the bootloader . this guide can be found on addictivetips.com, and uses a fastboot program from your computer to unlock the bootloader : requirements : fastboot package . sony ericsson usb drivers ( 32bit and 64bit ) . a functioning internet connection . steps : to begin , navigate to this website : http://unlockbootloader.sonyericsson.com/instructions . click continue at the bottom of the page and enter your device’s imei code , name and email address in the relevant fields . your unique unlock key will now be mailed to you . now unzip fastboot . rar and open the folder extracted . within that folder , hold the shift key and press the right mouse button . now select open command window here . now we need to connect the phone to the pc in fastboot mode . do so by turning the phone off , holding the menu button ( search button for the xperia play ) and plugging in the usb cable . now in the command prompt , enter the following command : fastboot.exe -i 0x0fce getvar version now enter the command , replacing key in the string with the unlock key mailed to you : fastboot.exe -i 0x0fce oem unlock 0xKEY that is it ! the bootloader is now unlocked .
have you tried doing a factory reset ( you will lose all data ) ? steps to do a factory reset are found here .
i was able to solve the question : the problem was i couldnot find the driver for the device . did it the manual way by selecting the android adb interface driver . and then used adb push &lt;local&gt; &lt;remote&gt;  to push the file on to sdcard . more references on the same can be found here .
android default icon provides the functionality color of the icon ( gray ) already indicates " sign-in required " type of connection . ( credit goez to izzy )
it is not possible to limit the download bandwidth via code running on the device . it is up to the sender how fast to send data . all that such an app could do is to throw away packets once they arrive at the device , which is after they have been counted by your carrier . those packets would then have to be resent , being counted again . the effect would be that websites and c . would take longer to load and use more data to do so .
technically they can inspect the http headers and look at the user-agent field to determine browser and os ; but imagine the millions and millions of http requests for web pages and applications in a given day . they can do trends , and data mining techniques to find out - but is it worth all that effort for them just to track down someone using a few more mb of bandwidth ? probably not .
nope , no limit . source at xda-developers forum
that is a pretty well known " feature " . do not worry , your data is backed up there – it only does not restore . and you cannot even really delete it there . so in some way , it is " safe " . . . things you might want to look up in this context : what exactly is synced with google ? underlines what i have said before , and also shows you ways to check what is " synced " google backup : multiple devices using the same account - what happens on restore ? plenty of details on how that " google cloud backup " works ( and sometimes fails ) what info does google backup ? well , the title says it all : ) issue 17354: " automatic restore " rarely works , and then only partially what i already indicated above , and most likely the answer to your current issue . note that this ticket was opened in june , 2011 – and still has the status " new " . one of the comments also includes a possible work-around : here 's what i did that worked . i factory reset the device ( again ) , and then at the very first screen ( where you choose the language ) , i turn it off . i put in a difference sim card , turn it on and then proceed with the normal setup . this worked for my nexus 4 . heise on undeletable wifi passwords ( german ) if you do not believe me about " undeletable backups " , this is my reference . the article is in german , and the publisher ( heise verlag ) is one of the most famous and most trusted sources here in germany , concerning it topics . there are many many more references i could give , but that would be a bit much for here . so a last hint : check the " linked " and " related " question links on the ase q and as i have linked here .
ok , i think they have fixed it some weeks ago , as i did not notice any new sms message that comes after a real hangouts message .
it allows you to " mark " a card . it is a kind of bookmark that allows you to find this card easily later . the most common case is when a card needs editing , but you do not have time/tools to edit it right now , so you mark it , and you will fix the card when you are back home . why not edit the card right away , instead of just marking it ? examples : you are reviewing in the bus , and you notice a kanji that you probably entered wrongly , so you need to check . but you need the library 's huge kanji dictionary , which is too heavy to carry in the bus . you realize you made a typo when entering a latex formula . you will only be able to fix it next time you are at your desktop computer . you have a doubt about a card , and must ask a native speaker , but there is none around . reference : http://ankisrs.net/docs/markedcards.html thanks for using ankidroid !
you can not set an icon on the notification bar to " let you be online all the time " , it is not user defining option . but the service is always running , like thelper said , you do not have to mind that , you will receive the messages without the icon appearing all the time .
apparently yes . the archos smart home phone is an android phone priced at £130 in the uk : http://www.androidcentral.com/archos-smart-home-phone-now-available-get-android-your-landline although the reviews on amazon uk arent very good : http://www.amazon.co.uk/archos-501809-smart-home-phone/dp/b005h0m8lw binatone ihome phone idect with dect and android technology http://www.amazon.co.uk/binatone-ihome-phone-android-technology/dp/b004ebv1gi currently unavailable ( maybe its that good )
after looking through the help file and through astro quite a bit , alas , i believe the answer is no . while it does allow for editing , the only option for creation is directory ( folder ) creation , as you pointed out . that being said , i think this would be an excellent feature , and might be worth suggesting to the developers . i know you said you did not want other apps , but to show one directly with the feature . . . this is x-plore file manager
short answer : no . long answer : adb install is a " shortcut " that is equivalent to open a shell ( using adb shell ) and type pm install . pmstand for package-manager and his behaviour is the same as other package manager in other linux distributions ( like aptitude in debian or pacmanin arch linux ) except that pm does not fetch package from a distant location . the play store is an application like others , and we can not call android applications like we call a program like a c or " normal " java program , because the .apk file is not actually a binary , but a simply zipped package . it is the dalvik virtual machine ( sort of equivalent to the java vm ) that deals with running applications . the play store application simply download the application you want and then run pm install on the package downloaded .
google play is covered by the terms of google 's privacy policy , and in fact links you to it when you first launch the app or visit the link in the play website 's footer . the very brief summary is that they divide it into : " information you give us " - any info provided during registration device information - noted to be "...your hardware model, operating system version, unique device identifiers, and mobile network information including phone number" log information location information unique application numbers local storage cookies and anonymous identifiers since google 's apps are proprietary i doubt you will get much more definite information than that unless you ask google directly . you can read the full text of google 's privacy policy to see how they use the information they collect ( among other things ) .
one of the restrictions introduced with 4.4-kitkat was moving the WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE permission to protection-level " signatureorsystem " , which means even if requested , a " normal app " ( i.e. . one you install yourself as " normal user " without any root specialities ) will no longer get it granted . so there are very few things you can do to " work around " this : obviously : rooting the device , and removing this limit using the app 's " personal " directory as storage for your sync'd files ( i.e. . &lt;sdcard&gt;/Android/&lt;package_name&gt; , as this is the only place an app can write on sd with kitkat ) using your internal-sd card as storage ( as here the limitation does not apply )
foldersync could come in handy here . define a " folder pair " ( i.e. . which directory on your android device to sync with which directory on your computer ) , using any of the available protocols ( sftp , samba , or any other ) . then either chose for some " auto-check " ( e . g . have it synced every night ) , or push the button manually . using the paid version , you could even bring in tasker – which is what i do : " every night at 3am , when connected to any power source and to my_wifi network → sync all my backups , photos , whatsnots " : )
the image transfer from s3 uses s beam , which is a proprietary technology used by samsung . it does not use nfc for the actual data transfer , but instead creates a wifi direct ( ad-hoc ) network between the devices and sends the image over wifi . nfc is just used for " pairing " the devices . since nexus 4 is a vanilla android , it does not have the necessary application for this , and i suspect this is why it opens the play store . instead , most nfc-capable android devices support android beam , which uses bluetooth instead of wifi direct to transmit the data . there is a suggested solution in another question that could work for you .
if your remote pc has linux , you could do it through scp command . see here an explication of the command . you could run this command from a terminal emulator like this one . short example : scp -r path/to/folder user@remote-PC:/path/to/where/to/save/the/files scp path/to/file user@remote-PC:/path/to/remote/location/where/to/save/file * -r option means recursively copy entire folder . if your remote pc has windows , take a look at pscp . another way is to install es file explorer file manager . * select the local files you wish to transfer ( actions -> copy ) * in lan section access a folder from your remote pc and paste ( actions -> paste ) the selected files . * the folder from remote pc has to be shared with write permission .
to change the home screens , you need to install a new launcher application - search the play store for Launcher and see what is available .
i believe the basic answer is no . obviously it can not be done with applock since all the settings are accessed through the same app , but further than that you would have to somehow determine what the settings app was doing and prevent it . this would be very difficult , and impossible without root . i think the settings app must be open-source , however , given that manufacturers can customize it . you could possibly modify it to lock out the application settings unless you enter a password , or something . that is beyond the scope of this site , however . another alternative is widgets that alter the settings directly . i am sure you can get a widget that would allow you to edit the brightness and that sort of thing without going through the settings app . i am not exactly sure how widgets like this work , however ; it is possible they might call into the settings app , which would prevent this . in that last case , it might also be possible to set up something like applocker that allows settings to run if it is triggered by a " privileged " application . you could make the brightness widget privileged , so that the settings app can make the brightness change when requested to , but everything else would still be protected . i assume applocker can not do this , but it might not be hard to develop ( again , out of the scope of this site ) . i know this is kind of vague , but hopefully it provides some sort of help .
most likely the app has chosen not to show them for that particular input box . from a technical perspective , this is controlled by flags on the TextView object that represents the text area control ( e . g . the TYPE_TEXT_FLAG_NO_SUGGESTIONS option ) . i do not believe there is any way to override this setting if the app chooses to disable it . it is probably also important to note that it is a bit of a one-way street . suggestions are enabled by default on all text areas , but will obey the global setting , so an app can not forcibly enable suggestions in any way . if you have the global setting turned off , they are off everywhere . the logic that the developer documentation provides for allowing apps to forcibly disable suggestions is that in some cases they simply are not very useful . the specific relevant quote would be ( from the above link ) : . . . this is useful for text views that do not contain words from the language and do not benefit from any dictionary-based completions or corrections . . . i would wager the market disables them because app names and such have no obligation to be dictionary words , so suggestion attempts would often prove rather futile . i would also understand the same being true of your second example , which sounds like a source code editor ( i assume that is what you mean by " syntax highlighting" ) . it would be sort of akin to visual studio underlining misspelt words in source code - it provides no benefit since most of the text will not be dictionary words .
you can add the power control widget to the home screen to control those functions . open the app drawer , find the power control widget , long press and drag it to the home screen . there are also many widgets in the market that offer expanded functionality when compared to the stock widget .
yes , the android as well as blackberry versions of google 's authenticator app supports multiple accounts . press menu and choose scan barcode after you have set up your new google account for 2-factor auth to grab the displayed barcode or enter details manually . details : https://code.google.com/p/google-authenticator/
on my samsung fascinate i click on this button next to the address bar : and it takes me to this screen , which also has a history tab ( top-right ) : the functionality shown above is also available to me on cyanogenmod 7 , leading me to think that it is a feature of the stock browser ( i.e. . not added by samsung ) .
the best you can really do currently is to buy them from the market ( web or app ) and then just cancel the download/installation when it starts on your device . this only works with apps your device supports , though . purchasing unsupported apps was the topic of this related question .
i doubt there is an answer to this beyond " because that is how google designed its apps " . android itself does not require a google account to use , only google 's proprietary applications do . cyanogenmod and other pure source builds of android are actually forbidden from distributing the google apps within the firmware package itself because of their proprietary nature , and if you install such a rom without the associated google apps add-on you will not even have the ability to add a google account in your settings . if you do not want to be tied to google then do not use the apps they produce , but also do not be surprised that they want you to sign in when using services that they provide . it is really not that different from any other app or website that requires sign in to use the services it provides , in my opinion , but if you do not like it use different apps . re : the question about why maps specifically requires a sign-in on android but not ios : the comments about the ios one being developed by apple could certainly be correct , and i do agree with those statements . in addition , apple may not want you to sign in google 's servers with their maps app . it would create a tie ( however loose it may be ) between you and google 's services , which i am sure apple is trying to discourage as much as possible to prevent customers from jumping ship to android . another angle you have to keep in mind is that google is pushing pretty hard to tie together all of its online services as much as it possibly can . based on their priorities and their business model , it makes sense that the android version would try to integrate as tightly as possible with their other services and with the web . it is in their best interest ( from a business perspective ) to try to make android apps and their web counterparts as seamless as possible in order to attract users to android who are already heavily invested in google 's products . of course , this is just conjecture on my part , i think only google could truly say why maps works the way it does .
the third table in this page mentions " vibrate": https://motorola-global-portal.custhelp.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/48504/~/droid-x---phone-status-%26-notifications even though the first table clearly depicts a different icon for the vibration mode , although with the same zigzag pattern . the pattern is also the same as the icon i have for vibration mode on my sgs : cheers !
it is limited to specific locations , and only available with a data connection . see this question on the location limitations and this question on alternatives .
this is a suggestion , it may not meet all your critera and not all routers support it . set a second ssid on the router which is not broadcast have a simple password on this ssid with a minimal number of characters implement mac lockdown on this ssid enter the mac of your phone as the only approved connection your router will only accept connections from specific mac addresses on the new ssid , even if others guess your password .
got it , buttonremapper .
Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Display -&gt; Auto-rotate screen - this option should disable screen rotation throughout the system . Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; CyanogenMod settings -&gt; Display -&gt; Rotate 180 degrees - this option disables the " upside-down " rotation only .
there is not a specific place that it shows , but the wifi connection will take priority over the cellular data . if you wanted , you could perform a speedtest to check your service provider , but that should not be necessary . also , if you are worried about updates and whatnot using your cellular , the downloads will initiate on wifi ( if you have that option ) but they will continue on cellular if you lose the signal .
as suggested by @logos this works ( take care of using sudo ) : sudo mtpfs -o allow_other /media/MTPdevice  however mtpfs is very unstable on this phone so i tried go-mtpfs and i found out it works better . you can install go-mtpfs using the info provided in their site the command to mount the phone is very similar ( change the bin path according to yours ) : sudo /usr/lib/go/bin/go-mtpfs /media/MTPdevice/  automount once you are able to mount the device with the above command you can make the phone automount : you only have to add a couple of rules to udev . you will need those info : id_model ( mine is tcl_s950 ) id_model_id ( mine is 0167 ) installation path of go-mtpfs ( mine is /usr/lib/go/bin/go-mtpfs ) you can find those info running this command in a terminaludevadm monitor --environment --udev and plug/unplug your phone . now you can create/edit an udev rules /etc/udev/rules.d/99-android.rules and add these lines ( change id_model and id_model_id with yours ) : at this point everything should work , check this thread for more details : source
if you have a fastboot-enabled bootloader version ( such as the old 0.76.0000 engineering hboot in the evo 's case ) you can use that to flash it from a pc via usb . reboot into your bootloader , then select the " fastboot " option from the boot menu ( if it has one , it may start up fastboot automatically ) . once it is ready , go to your pc 's shell and execute : fastboot flash recovery /path/to/recovery.img  you should also be able to use the flash_image binary if your rom has it ( or you install it from xda ) . copy the recovery . img over to your device somewhere then do the following : C:&gt; adb shell $ su # flash_image recovery /path/to/recovery.img 
this is due to a limitation of gmail more than anything . gmail only supports contact icons with a resolution of 64×64 , while ics supports up to 256×256 . when you give a contact an icon , android uploads that new contact icon to gmail . . . which then promptly downscales it . . . . and then android thinks you changed it to the low-res icon and uses that instead of the nice and pretty one you picked out .
newly installed third-party keyboards need to be enabled in your settings before they become selectable . make sure you have it checked under Settings-&gt;Language &amp; Keyboard after installing .
android default browser uses webkit check out second paragraph : wikipedia webkit description
actually i found such an app , after a fair bit of searching . photo geolocator ( google code ) currently you can not look up locations via an address , so it only really works for nearby locations , but that is still better than having to edit images on a pc , imo .
uninstalling all play store ( market ) app updates fixed it for me . go to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage Applications and uninstall the updates from the play store app . this will leave you with an older version of the app , which is probably named " market " . then you should be able to install or update apps . after a while the play store update will be installed once again , but you still will be able to install or update apps .
you do not need to copy the email address . gmail pulls it from an auto-created contact ( with only one value ) . merge this contact with the contact you created manually . procedure : using stock contacts app , select the contact in which you want to insert email . tap Edit from menu . on edit contact screen , tap Join from menu and choose email address contact .
mtp is the better option in most cases , since the protocol is actually designed for this use . ptp is offered as an alternative since macs do not understand mtp by default ( you need to install " android file transfer " on the mac to make mtp work ) . this protocol was designed for pcs to access photos from digital cameras , so it can only access the photos on the phone , and it might trigger a photo management app on the pc instead of a file manager . to learn more about why mtp was introduced , see my answer to why is android file transfer necessary ?
you need a launcher app to do such things . try using launchers available on playstore , like nova launcher . launcher will give you access to hiding notification bar , configuring desktop grid , playing around with doc and so on .
on some devices/roms most mount points seem to be defined in a special config file called /etc/fstab . in this case , you can ommit the device information and options , as they can be automatically determinded . however , other devices/roms use init scripts to create the mounts , and have the special options defined there ( cm7.2 on my motorola milestone seems to be one example for this ) . if you omit the device information here , you will simply get an error . so which variant to take very much depends on the device/rom . safest way is to first check how the file system in question is mounted ( e . g . using mount |grep system to show it for the /system mount point ) , and then adapt this information for your use .
yes you can do this . for this , i am assuming you are using the stock google keyboard . open settings and tap on language and input . tap on the settings icon next to google keyboard . tap input languages at the top . deselect " use system language " and then select any keyboard languages you wish to use . now in the keyboard , the space bar will display the current selected language . to change to one of the other active languages , press and hold the space bar and select the language you wish to use .
windows rt is based on entirely different system altogether - right from the bootloader up to user interface . also , windows rt is proprietary so there is a fat chance that the code would be available to make it work . what about : booting mechanism kernel drivers for the chip-set support there is far too many to mention , and quite possibly would require a re-write for it to adapt to the asus tf02 ! : ) this is equivalent to asking if apple ios can be loaded on a android handset and vice versa , in plain simple word , the answer is no - nigh on impossible and there would be so much hackery to get it to work , let alone boot .
using this as source procedure- turn on the portable wi-fi hotspot on your android smartphone ( or tablet ) go to the settings screen on your android phone . you can get there by pressing the menu button on your device when you are on the home screen , then tapping " settings " . at the settings screen , tap the " wireless and networks " option . you should see an option for " portable wi-fi hotspot " . click the check mark beside it to turn on the hotspot and your phone will start acting like a wireless access point . ( you should see a message in the notification bar when it is activated . ) to adjust and check the settings for the hotspot , tap the aptly named " portable wi-fi hotspot settings " option . you will need to do this if you do not know the default password that will be created for your hotspot so you can make a note of it for connecting your other devices . you can change the default password , security level , router name ( ssid ) , and also manage users connected wirelessly to your phone in the wi-fi hotspot settings .
has your friend invited you to the event ? i have never seen my friends ' events in my calendar , only when they have invited me too . for these events you need to remove the event by going to the event 's facebook page , scrolling all the way down and clicking the " remove from my events " link in the footer . facebook will not sync the rsvp info for some reason , so " hide declined events " in the calendar options will not hide events that you are not attending ( which is very annoying by the way ) .
and how do you think you can determinate upstair/downstair location ? transformer has gps receiver , but its precision in indoor use is way too low to have a reliable altitude reading .
disabling a notification for particular app wont ' save battery . yes it would a little by not ringing and vibrating and also by not making you look at the phone . actually notification is handled by os itself . an app just says that i want this notification to be displayed and os handles it . in your case those apps are running in background using service and periodically asks the os to display the notification . event though you have disabled the notification the service is still running and still requesting the os to display notification .
on android devices , when you turn airplane mode on , it automatically disables packets data usage and any other network functionality . after , you can turn wifi on without any extra cost issue .
this was an issue with the computer i was running adb on . i took the transformer to work and adb worked perfectly first time .
it is totally possible , and there are a lot of remote touchmouse apps available on the android market . just search remote mouse , touch mouse , etc . that being said , i think that will be even nicer is to have an app that uses the orientation of the device as the cursor position , i.e. it works like a real laser pointer . ( that i have not seen yet and i am coding one . )
sidestepping the debate over the legitimacy of installing that app on your phone , the question of verification is one that i have been meaning to understand for a while , and you have prompted me to try to figure out a possible way of verifying who signed an apk . android apps are signed in the normal manner of . jar files ( . apk is really just a special . jar which is just a special . zip ) however it may not be trivial to trace the authenticity of the certificates unless you have something known good to compare to . that is basically what the phone itself does - verifies that something that claims to be from the same party as something already on the phone actually is - the phone does not refuse to install things with unknown signers , it can only ( object to/clear application data of ) apparent forgeries when something new does not match something old that it claims to . you will need to have jarsigner and keytool . i believe these come from the jdk which is a prerequisite to the android sdk rather than the sdk itself . first you want try to verify the public key contained within the . apk . usually this is in meta-inf/certs . rsa but it can be in another file - unzip -l will tell you . you want to see what you can find out about it : unzip -p suspect.apk META-INF/CERT.RSA | keytool -printcert  that is going to dump out a lot of information about who the signer claims to be . some certificates are apparently themselves signed by known parties , but without figuring out how to trace that , i suspect you could do something like this : unzip -p suspect.apk META-INF/CERT.RSA | keytool -printcert | grep MD5 unzip -p knowngood.apk META-INF/CERT.RSA | keytool -printcert | grep MD5  if you have a known trusted apk from the same author who used the same certificate . i am assuming that the certificates having the same md5 sum is enough . assuming you have decided to trust the certificate , then you can see if it has been used to sign each of the files within the . apk jarsigner -verbose -verify suspect.apk  ( if there is more than one . rsa file in the archive , you should add the -certs flag to tell you which certificate ( s ) have been used to sign each file , so you can be sure its the certificate you verified )
unlike a desktop gnu/linux system , android is not designed for command-line use , so it does not come with the full set of command-line programs that a gnu system would have . it only has the most basic commands ( like the ones you have already seen working ) , and android-specific utilities such as am , pm , bmgr . you can get access to the basic posix commands ( such as less and grep ) by installing busybox . there are several installers for it on google play . for any more specialist programs like make , you will need to find an android port of the particular program and install it .
having the free go launcher ex installed , you can install go launcher jelly beans theme , also free , and fully personalize your backgrounds . ultra clean , sharp app drawer with free replaceable backgrounds to change app drawer background : press menu > pref > visual settings > backgrounds > app drawer background > go theme background
i am not sure what did it but it must be os dependent as once i installed cyanogenmod9 alpha6 i had those options available under performance settings and they also became available in the tasker menus as well .
you can activate the airplane mode to shutdown everything ( calls , wifi , etc ) , and then re-activate the gps . only the gps antenna will be activated . . . i think :d
both dialer and contacts apps can vary per phone model due to android os version , as well as manufacturer or carrier overlay . usually though , in the call log when you tap on the new number it gives you an " add to contacts " option . at that point it brings up a list of all contacts , so that you can add this number to an existing contact . however , there should also be a button to create a new contact , which is probably what you are overlooking .
according to : android media process ( high cpu ) | alexus ' blog :
i had the same problem this morning . lookout reported this trojan , and it says it is part of google search enhanced . when i try to uninstall i get a message saying the uninstall failed . when i first searched for it there were no results on google . now there are several . so this seems to be a very new problem that people have started to see this morning . i ran a different antivirus and it found no problems . the phone has had no new apps installed for some time , so i am hoping this is a false positive from lookout .
afaik the stock messages app always sends a sms unless you have added an attachment ( picture , video , audio ) , or if you are typing a very long message ( the latter depending on your settings ) . if there is an attachment the message will show the number of used kb instead of the number of remaining characters . that being said , you should check if the message centre number in your sms settings is correct . to check start the messages app , click Menu &gt; Setting , scroll down to the SMS Settings section . also on the same screen there is a setting that may convert long text messages automatically to mms , so you might want to turn that off .
just tested this on my phone and my gmail , and it seems to work . i am running 4.4 with the stock contacts app on my phone . on your phone , in the contacts app : menu button -> import/export contacts choose export to storage and it will create a . vcf file to /storage/emulated/0/ which is the root folder for storage transfer this file via email , or usb to a computer where you are logged into gmail in gmail , go to your contacts by clicking on the little down arrow by gmail on the top left slightly to the right is a more button with a down arrow , click on it choose import , and select the . vcf file : )
onenote for android ? https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.microsoft.office.onenotehl=en hope i got you right - as my answer is . . . well . . . just tooooo obvious : )
is your device rooted ? if so you may use adb or any root supported file manager to manually remove it and re-install it from play store .
i could not find a way to do it or an app that would do it . there were a couple out there that claimed to have manual focus but basically just did what you described as " assisted auto focus . " i found this thread at xda where some people have been looking through the code to find a way to add the manual focus . from what they found it appears that it is possible but someone has to code it . its worth keeping an eye on it : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=630989
in this specific case your friend is correct , but it can probably vary somewhat . we will take the galaxy nexus as an example since it is a reasonably accurate internal representation of the other samsung devices . the ifixit teardown helpfully identifies all of the major components of the device and their function . in step 5 they remove the wrapping from the battery to expose the nfc antenna underneath . later , in step 12 , they identify the nfc controller on the main motherboard . putting the controller itself on the battery is perhaps possible , but i would imagine it is not really realistically feasible . for one , it would probably increase the fabrication costs of the batteries an unacceptable amount ( the antenna , conversely , is likely not very pricey ) . it would also require the battery to have some non-standard and comparatively complex circuitry to transmit data from the controller to the motherboard , whereas the antenna is basically served by a simple conductive contact to pass the signal along . this is mostly conjecture , though - i am not an electrical/hardware engineer ( i do not even play one on tv ) .
camera details for android devices htc evo 4g ( pc world article , ov8812 sensor specs , engadget review , androidpolice review ) sensor size : 4.6mm × 3.5mm ( ~16.2mm² ) megapixels : 8mpix pixel density : 49mpix/cm² max aperture : can not find anywhere 35mm efl : 38mm max iso : 1250 low-light quality : ? color rendition ( subjective ) : good optics : jpeg and over-sharpening artifacts on sample images make it hard to even tell : ( raw output : ? responsiveness : very good htc droid incredible ( maximum pc article , ov8812 sensor specs , androidandme article ) sensor size : 4.6mm × 3.5mm ( ~16.2mm² ) megapixels : 8mpix pixel density : 49mpix/cm² max aperture : ? 35mm efl : ? max iso : ? low-light quality : ? color rendition ( subjective ) : quite good , some oversaturation optics : ? raw output : ? responsiveness : ? htc nexus one ( androidandme article ) sensor size : ? megapixels : ? pixel density : ? max aperture : ? 35mm efl : ? max iso : ? low-light quality : ? color rendition ( subjective ) : good optics : good raw output : ? responsiveness : ? motorola droid 2 ( maximum pc article ) sensor size : ? megapixels : ? pixel density : ? max aperture : ? 35mm efl : ? max iso : ? low-light quality : ? color rendition ( subjective ) : poor optics : ? raw output : ? responsiveness : ? motorola droid x ( pc world article , ov8812 sensor specs , droid x hack blog post , maximum pc article ) sensor size : 4.6mm × 3.5mm ( ~16.2mm² ) megapixels : 8mpix pixel density : 49mpix/cm² max aperture : f/2.8 35mm efl : 38mm max iso : ? low-light quality : ? color rendition ( subjective ) : good , although still somewhat oversaturated optics : pretty good , relatively speaking raw output : ? responsiveness : poor samsung epic ( maximum pc article ) sensor size : ? megapixels : ? pixel density : ? max aperture : ? 35mm efl : ? max iso : ? low-light quality : ? color rendition ( subjective ) : good , especially in natural light optics : ? raw output : ? responsiveness : ? samsung galaxy s ( pc world article , official specs ) sensor size : ? megapixels : 5 mp pixel density : ? max aperture : f/2.6 35mm efl : ? max iso : ? low-light quality : ? color rendition ( subjective ) : ? optics : ? raw output : ? responsiveness : ? samsung nexus s ( official specs from google ) sensor size : 3.9 mm × 2.9 mm ( as calculated from 35 mm efl ) megapixels : 5mpix ( 2560×1920=4,915,200 ) pixel density : 44.2 mpix/cm² ( as calculated from 35mm efl ) max aperture : f/2.8 [ source ] focal length : 3.63 mm [ source ] 35mm efl : 32 mm ( as observed ) max iso : 400 [ source ] low-light quality : ? color rendition ( subjective ) : ? optics : ? raw output : no responsiveness : ? other camera phones for comparative purposes only apple iphone 4 ( pc world article , falk lumo blog post , maximum pc article ) sensor size : 4.5mm × 3.4mm ( ~15.5mm² ) megapixels : 5mpix ( 2592×1936=5,018,112 ) pixel density : 33mpix/cm² max aperture : f/2.8 35mm efl : 29mm max iso : 1000 low-light quality : eh . no miracles . color rendition ( subjective ) : mediocre — tends towards over-saturated , some hue shifts optics : okay , not great . good detail , medium sharpness , moderate distortion raw output : no responsiveness : decent-to-good nokia n8 ( nokia specs page , gsmarena blog post , dpreview forum post ) sensor size : 7.0mm × 5.2mm ( ~36.8mm² ) megapixels : 12mpix pixel density : 33mpix/cm² max aperture : f/2.8 35mm efl : 28mm max iso : 1200 low-light quality : ? color rendition ( subjective ) : ? optics : ? raw output : ? responsiveness : ?
i would first test by adding a 1 to a number and having them call you . android should be smart enough to treat them identically but google voice might not play nicely . i am not sure of the specifics of how gvoice works , but keep in mind that your contacts are calling google and google is calling you . somehow they pass on your contact 's number , but it is spoofed , and your phone is probably relying on the " real " number ( i.e. . google 's number ) for choosing the ringtone .
i used touchdown ( 30-day trial , $19.99 ) before android had built in exchange and was very happy with it . i am now using the native client without many problems ( i am not very demanding of it ) , but i have heard many people mention that it is still worth buying over the native client because of the more advanced feature set . with the 30-day trial , no reason not to give it a try .
ok , i found out what is wrong . i had usb debugging enabled at the same time so i had to turn that off and now it works . menu > settings > applications > development > usb debugging
as long as the material of your clothes or bag contains no metallic element that could block the gps signal then your phone should be able to receive a gps signal fine while in your bag or pocket . i use the htc desire almost daily to record gps tracks , and generally keep it in my jacket pocket and have noticed no problems with the gps positioning . those problems i do have are related to travelling through built up areas or in buildings . you should remember that gps can be less accurate in dense urban areas as the receiver may be able to see some sky , but that patch of sky may not contain enough gps satellites for a direct fix . the signal may also be affected by weather , particularly humidity . have you tried any other applications , as it could perhaps be the app that is causing the poor performance you are seeing . for recording running i can particularly recommend runkeeper , i have been using it for six months now and it works really well , plus has some really good online features . for general gps recording the my tracks app is also pretty good . i would suggest trying a couple of different apps and comparing the results . if they are all showing gaps or jumps in the gps track then it may well be something to do with the way you are using your phone ( or the area you are in ) .
so i have had this same problem for the past month . there is a 1cm or so high deadzone that spans the width of my screen just about lower than the midway point from top to bottom . it is mostly always there , but some ( seemingly ) random times it goes away and all works well . my troubleshooting led me to this : if it is hardware , it is only because the software is telling it something it should not be . i am sure nothing is broken ( i.e. . , from being dropped , etc . ) something is wrong , for sure , but not broken per se . i took screen shots of temperature and voltage ( using cpu-z app ) trying to figure it out . i paid attention to when it happened and when it did not . i boiled it down to two possibilities : temperature and/or voltage ( i can explain how i came to this conclusion if you want . . . would take a bit more explanation ) . i charge my phone with the charger plugged into the wall typically . i live in asia so the voltage is a lot higher ( but within the appropriate range of the phone ) . yet , lately when i ! go to sleep , i plug my phone into my laptop to charge , rather than the wall . . . when i wake up the problem is not there . about 2 hours later or so the problem comes back . i tried this for a week ( charging my phone with my laptop ) and the problem is dissipating . as quickly as it escalated ( getting gradually worse ) it is now getting gradually better . try it and see if it works for you . at night when your phone is nearly dead , charge your phone with your usb port attached to your laptop . maybe it will help . i am still troubleshooting specifics to see if it is definitive . update : today , the day of writing this , i have not had the problem at all and it is been nearly 7 hours and the 3rd consecutive night of charging with usb on my laptop . update 2: happy new year ! i have been charging my nexus 4 with my laptop 's usb port since my original reply and the problem had disappeared . let me know if this works for anyone else ! nexus 4 - 4.4.2
why is the android stock browser still alive ? as of june this year , 15.7% ( 0.8+14.9 ) of users still use android 2.2 and 2.3 . x ( froyo and gingerbread ) , since chrome supports only android 4.0+ , these users can not use chrome for android . also android 4.0 ( ics ) , which has 12.3% of users , does not come with chrome preinstalled . moreover , i think the stock browser still comes preinstalled in all android jellybean phones ( version 4.1 . x , 4.2 . x and 4.3 . x ) , which is used by 58.4% ( 29.0+19.1+10.3 ) of users . that means the stock browser is still preinstalled on 86.4% ( 15.7+12.3+58.4 ) of android phones . the above should be the reason why the stock browser is still being widely used . a lot of users do not bother downloading or changing the default/preinstalled browser . there are no technological advantages of using stock browser over chrome for android . google has already phased out the stock browser in android kitkat ( 4.4 ) . chrome for android is licensed from google , while the stock browser is not . also , oems can modify the stock browser if required but not chrome . so from a business perspective , it is actually better for google , if oems use chrome . but some oems do not like being dependent on google too much . to say more is beyond the scope of this answer . if you want more info go here and here . google has been slowly shifting the core of android from aosp to it is closed source and licensed google apps and the browser is one of the last components in this roadmap .
the easiest solution is to simply use airplane mode . the wifi chip still works but the cell radio will be turned off , so you have no voice , sms or cellular data capabilities . this will be in your settings somewhere , probably Settings-&gt;Wireless and Networks-&gt;Airplane mode . you may need to explicitly re-enable your wifi after turning on airplane mode ( ex : my phone disables wifi at first , but i can just turn it back on ) . some phones also allow you to toggle airplane mode from the power menu , but i do not know if this is a standard feature of the android os .
about your concerns : connection on air there is nothing that a log out at the end of every session would improve . if you do not use the email client , it will not transfer any data . and if you use it , it will query the server for new email etc . if the client would perform a log out at the end of every use , it just had establish a new connection again . conclusion : data related to the e-mail connection will be the same time on air if you do not use log out as when your e-mail client would log out every time . no gain here . just make sure that you have enabled a secure encryption . bandwidth you are right , that polling is the worst thing that could happen . but not from a bandwidth perspective . polling is just a quick packet asking " is there something new " and the server replying " no " or " yes and here is the data " . the data would be send later on anyways , so no big bandwidth consumption . it is more the battery life that should concern you , when you have a polling e-mail client on android . that said , trust the google engineers to build a e-mail app that tries everything to reduce battery consumption . if you use gmail you are safe , because the email app will use push notifications for new e-mails . if you use an imap account it depends on the server if it support the imap idle extension . if you use pop3 you are doomed , because it is a plain polling protocol .
yes you can do it by using this number saver app . app description is as follows : save a number while you are in a phone call , and dial it right after . access during call from notification bar , or from app icon to pull notification bar in the call screen , press home first ( android limitation ) the app has two modes for number or note : save it to the clipboard ( which later you can ' paste ' it wherever you like ) save it in the internal app memory on both you can later access the last saved number or note and create a contact , dial or sms .
try pressing and holding the power button . this should bring up a dialog box with several options , once of them being to turn off the phone .
i have bad news : it almost impossible to get data from your internal storage if your mobile does not turn on . first we need to know more about the problem : what do you mean under not turn on ? does it light up or no signal at all ? what if you plug it into the charger ? can you see any lights flash up ? can you get into recovery ? if none of the above happen , then i need to ask : is your important data stored on your sd card ? most apps store their user data on sd card so you can access them if you pull out your sd card and read from that . if you re-install android , you will lose your internal data so if you have lots of important things on your phone ( not your sd card ) you should not reinstall without backup colornote does not store your data internally but uploads to the cloud . see their faq
from the devices page , it does not seem like your phone is officially supported - http://www.cyanogenmod.com/devices . as an alternative , see http://www.madteam.co/forum/development/%28development%29-cyanogenmod-7-1-%27galaxy5%27-port/ if you do manage to flash a custom rom , you can change back provided you use the roms supplied by http://samfirmware.com - not official , just a repository of original factory roms .
a quick search brought up this article at http://blog.laptopmag.com/how-to-edit-video-with-movie-studio-on-your-android-tablet . while i do not have a tablet , i have played with movie studio before , and it looks like all you have to do is tap the timeline at the bottom of your clip , and drag the arrows that appear on its edges to trim it . this only trims the edges off , so if you want to take a part out of the middle , i would re-add the clip ( so you have two copies of it in your timeline ) , and then drag the arrows on the ends of the copy so you only have the part you want , without getting rid of the beginning of the clip from the original .
from the android 2.2 froyo users manual , specifically on pages 329 and 330 , is mentioned the following settings about auto correction features : to access : press " home " > press " menu " > touch settings . android keyboard settings screen the android keyboard settings apply to the onscreen keyboard that is included with your phone . the correction and capitalization features affect only the english version of the keyboard . auto-capitalization check to have the onscreen keyboard automatically capitalize the first letter of the first word after a period , the first word in a text field , and each word in name fields . quick fixes check to automatically correct some common misspellings as you type . show suggestions check to show suggested words in a strip above the onscreen keyboard as you type . see “using the onscreen keyboard” on page 29 . auto-complete check to automatically enter a suggested word , highlighted in orange in the strip above the keyboard , when you enter a space or punctuation . see “using the onscreen keyboard” on page 29 . device keyboard settings screen this settings screen is available only if your phone has a physical keyboard . auto-replace check to correct misspelled words as you type . auto-cap check to capitalize the first letter of the first word in sentences . auto-punctuate check to insert a period ( . ) when you press the space key twice in a row depending on what exactly you wish to disable , you need to analyse all the above options to match your criteria .
is not really an answer , but . . . there is wifi analyzer which shows more information on the wireless networks your device can reach . it gives you more detail than the average user would require . as far as i know , there is no application available on android ( yet ? ) that can " sniff packets " . would be an interesting application to have in the pocket .
i have a quick step-by-step guide to help you " join " your contacts - in other words , take two separate contacts and make them one ! open the people application . navigate to one of your duplicate contacts ( any one will do ) and tap it to open it up . in the top-right corner , tap the 3 dots . this is the settings menu . select " edit " . again , in the top-right corner , tap the 3 dots . select " join " . android will now ask you to select which contact to join this contact with . select one of the other duplicates of this contact and android will join the contacts into one contact ! rinse and repeat until all of the duplicate contacts have been " joined " into one single contact .
if you want to have any cellular functions apart from placing emergency calls , you have to have an actual cellular plan through a carrier . picture it this way : if you buy a land line phone for your house , take it out of the box , program speed dials , and set it on your table without plugging it into a phone line , you will not be able to receive any phone calls . your cell phone is simply a tablet until you activate a cellular plan through your carrier for it . also , the ability to place emergency calls is a feature on all cell phones that is not dependent on carriers . here is a list of uk carriers .
the latest youtube update has enabled it :-d
i have seen some other reports avlbout 90 degree compass deviations , and they were reported on android 4.4.3 . now that was an extremely short lived version . on 4.4.4 the problem vanished . so i am still convinced that this was a 4.4.3 problem .
there are some available from google play store . excluding the ones you have mentioned , this two i have used , and they worked very well : music pump daap player by android music pump : music pump is a feature rich android daap client that lets you to stream and sync music from your pc or nas to your android device . all you need is a daap server . remote for soundbridge by martin kompf : connect to different music servers including upnp , daap , and internet radio . browse playlists , artists , composers , albums , songs , genres , and folders at music server .
this is a general problem with all android phones . best way to solve this problem is On Call End program . it provides user to select following actions to take after a call : do nothing go to phone home screen go to phone dialer vibrate show a toast message with the call duration . outgoing call duration includes the ringing time . you can install On Call End from here : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.brosix.callendhl=tr
you could also use the my paid apps app . ( more information )
your ubuntu is very outofdate . 12.03 12.10 . 13.04 . 13.10 14.04 are all newer versions of ubuntu . use 14.04 or newer when possible since 13 issues with my s2 sdcard are almost nonexistent
in the Settings -> Accounts &amp; Sync , select your gmail account , in there you will see " sync contacts " . you can uncheck that and the device will not sync your contacts to gmail , nor will your gmail contacts sync to your device . as onik said too , you can have it show only people with phone numbers too .
camera ptp mode means picture transfer protocol . this is probably why you can not see any videos . select usb mode and navigate to the same folder . make sure you are checking the right " camera " folder as you may have 2 , one on your sd card and one in the internal phone memory .
i can see how you had be confused by that . it does not indicate that your phone is rooted , just that the kernel was compiled by the root user ( on a dell build machine , apparently ) ! if you look at /system/build.prop ( probably requires root to look , ha ) you will see some other similar information about the build . mine says " jaeyoon . yoon@sep-05" for the same info .
i have solved this problem . it was because of huge network traffic on the dhcp server , due to which the ack was not able to reach through wi-fi to the samsung galaxy android .
the first thing you need to do is to check your tablet version . my suspicion is that it is not running honeycomb ( android 3.0+ or the tablet version of android ) but actually a heavily modded phone version of android ( i.e. android 2.1-2.3 ) . go to settings -> about phone ( or something similar . each manufacturer changes how you access this ) if it is indeed running the version of android meant for phones , then the market might be complaining to your tablet because you might be trying to download apps meant for honeycomb . the online market automatically updates to include additional devices when you activate them ( i.e. when you initially do the android setup and sign in to your google account ) . make sure you select the drop down and check if there is another option . also make sure you activated both devices under the same account . -i know i should have made this a comment but its too long of an answer for one . :p
the xperia z supports usb-on-the-go , so with a usb-otg adaptor and a usb keyboard you should be able to enter the encryption passphrase to boot the device .
custom roms will be the only way to do this . widgetlocker changes the lock screen , but i do not think it handles incoming calls . this gingerbread rom changes the lock screen as well as how it answers calls , changing it to the android swipe across system , but like all roms , it requires a root and a wipe . it is a great rom though , and will do exactly what you need .
google now by default will think that you are in the usa . the app pulls your home address from google latitude . this is also how it knows when you are home and it is the basics for traffic info . to change this go into : Maps -&gt; Location History (tab)  here you can set both your home and work address .
if you have the kindle app installed , just open it and it should show a selection of the books you have purchased from the kindle store . books that have not been downloaded to your device yet are available via the " archived items " menu option that pops up when you press your device 's menu , you should be able to select and download any books there . if you have downloaded kindle compatible books from elsewhere on the internet , then if you move them into the " kindle " folder on your sd card , they should appear in the listing of books when you open the kindle app . you have two options to do this : plugging your phone into a pc and mounting the sd card as an external drive , using one of the many android file manager apps that are available from google play store .
a " release candidate " is not a stable release . you should report this error to the cyanogenmod developers so that it can be investigated and fixed for the final release .
you could try booting into fastboot mode , and then use fastboot -w . this command wipes userdata and cache , and thus should be equivalent to a factory-reset . for more information , there is a list of fastboot commands , and of course our fastboot tag-wiki .
as you can see from the screenshot , you can definitely get colored output in ls on android . ( side note - i have got some bashrc magic running so the default ls output is ls --color=auto ) probably you are either running ls in a sh shell and not bash , you have got a watered-down oem version of ls , or there is some strange magic happening between adb on windows and the linux terminal . what device/android version/rom are you running ? what output does ls --version give ?
after failing to avoid freezing by sw settings , i resorted to last resort : baking motherboard . : ) result : device is bricked . it wont even start . i will buy a new motherboard .
as andrás ' comment says , the nexus 4 uses slimport not mhl . i use this slimport adaptor to connect my n4 to a tv .
no : your whatsapp contact list will display the names you chose for the numbers in your phonebook . the nickname an user has is only displayed if he/she is not in your phonebook and he/she is posting in a group you are in .
you might want to check for " app lockers " like e.g. app lock , which allow you to password-protect apps , or use even more restrictive child protection apps like e.g. child app protector , which can sandbox an environment ( also called " kiosk mode" ) . a somehow " special " solution would be app locker ii : fake crash , which in " protected mode " displays a fake force-close message so people do not get the idea you protected something .
android 3 ( honeycomb ) offers full system encryption natively . however , as it is only for tablets at this point i will post some other avenues . there was some work done on this for the g1 using luks and cryptsetup . i think i have seen this on a moto droid rom too , but you will definitely need root . it is not trivial to do , and there is not too much interest so popular roms like cyanogenmod do not provide for this natively . there are some apps in the market that support encrypted file stores ( check out lock files ) . i have no idea how transparent that is on the system however . to your italicized point on remote wipe . there are many solutions for this . if you are using exchange you can push this with activesync , if not apps like lookout , and more provide remote wipe and other functions . there are even manual ways w/ dyndns and a listening ssh server . hope i was some help .
ok , not a real final answer , but this is what happened . i had another problem with the gallery , described here : not all images showing up in gallery in following all the advice there i have removed data from " gallery " application in menu-> settings-> applications removed the . thumbnails directory from /dcim removed data from gallery app again . shut down the phone and removed the battery . i do not know if that fixed the showing-up problem , but now all of a sudden i can actually see my picasa folders . .
you can try android vnc server on your tablet , it should do the work . . .
this section of the cyanogen instructions seems to cover the developer sapphire handsets
i use a combination of keepassdroid , wavelauncher and clipstore , which allows me to access my password manager from any app without having to close it , and copy my password to the clipstore before returning to the app i was in . sounds more complicated than it is ! alternatively , many like lastpass for automatic password storage and entry . but if you really want something gesture based , maybe biowallet along with it is separate biowallet browser might be of insterest . you can assign a signature , which is infinitely more secure than point to point gestures .
so i could not wait and went out and bought one . turns out gifs work relatively well . all of them animate . however , too heavy a page can really bog down performance . tumblr , for instance , only works well if i turn off unlimited scrolling . with only one or two gifs on the page , they animate well . with a large page , gifs will animate , but slowly while skipping some frames . all in all , it is a usable experience .
yes . page camera is now included in the evernote widgets . add it to your droid screen just like you would any of the other evernote widgets .
this permission is of moderate-high importance . this allows the application to read what accounts you have and the usernames associated with them . it allows the app to interact with permission related to that account . an example would be an app that was restoring your contact , would discover your google account then send you to google 's login screen . it does not actually get to see your password , but it gets to work with the account . this is also legitimately used by applications to add contacts to your accounts , such as dialer replacements and contact managers/backup/sync/etc . source
after spending the whole week searching for this issue and testing different settings and tricks recommended by users from other forums , i have finally found the culprits . it seems that the least mark of your fingertips on the lens of your phone 's camera will make it less sensitive to qr codes and barcodes in general . that and also not having autofocus on . things i did that helped : clean the camera lens with a soft cloth to remove fingerprints or other marks turn on autofocus on your camera , if it is not on try setting camera action to macro , this seemed to make it recognize codes faster . i hope these tips can help others as it helped me . edit : also check this forum for more tips on this matter .
in general , custom roms are free . to date , i am not aware of any custom rom that is paid ( at least for the custom roms i have used for my samsung galaxy s2 , s4 and nexus 7 ) . however , you can donate to the developers if you wish . rooting and installing the custom rom yourself is free , assuming you accept all the risks , which includes bricking ( or destroying ) your phone . if you are not confident enough to perform the rooting and installation of a custom rom , you can ask an experienced person to do it for you . of course , they may or may not request for payment .
my opinion is the screen might be grounded with some metallic or conductive object inside the phone . probably a loosened part due to use . you can try to wave a strong magnet ( like neodymium ) at the back of the phone . data should not be affected anyway because flash chips are resistant to magnetism . but its still much better if you can get it repaired thru warranty .
f-stop media gallery does exactly that . you can preview photos and it has an on-screen 5 star rating and " favorite " button . unfortunately , the tags do not " stay " with the photo if you upload to google+ or facebook .
yes , all rooted apps theoretically can use the entire system , including all facilities that otherwise need app permissions . they could also modify the permissions database " under the radar " to grant its non-root part more permissions than were requested at install time . you have to trust root-using apps not to violate their given permissions .
the overflow menu for google now ( on all form factors , i believe ) is in the bottom right corner of the app instead of the top right , where most other applications put it . you need to make sure you have scrolled all the way to the bottom of your cards , though , because it shares the bar with the " show more cards . . . " button , which is hidden if your screen is full .
with these things there are always exceptions and a few clever work-arounds , the below is general advice . only flash a rom for your exact device model you can not flash something not ' stock ' through the stock recovery , attempting to do so will cause signature errors . the opposite ; flashing stock rom through a custom recovery will also error . so you will not be able to restore to stock first ( more than likely anyway . ) however , since you do not immediately need the phone on stock , then you can copy any rom compatible with your device onto the sd card and flash that through recovery . at least then you will be have a booting device , and can deal with the usb drivers issue . installing in recovery would usually involve the 2 main steps below : Wipe the device Install from zip and then install any other zips you may need ( e . g . google-apps ) . you could attempt to mount the sd card in your recovery but i would guess you have tried all those options . also as izzy has pointed out you may need a new radio-firmware flashed on the device to allow " low level interface " connection , so the kernel has nothing to connect to . once again only flash something for your exact device or you will have a shiny paper weight !
most barcode readers can recognize addresses . for calendar entries , this might vary ; but give qr droid a try , which promises not only to read , but also create them : contacts , bookmarks , apps , geo-locations , events , and even sms can be encoded as well as decoded . also 2d barcodes ( on products ) should be supported .
there is no native way to do this , as android simply does not support it . any wallpaper which is not a live wallpaper will be displayed as a static image . specifically , romain guy notes in a comment on the android issue tracker that all regular wallpapers are saved as png images after cropping . there is no way to change this behaviour aside from modifying the android source code . there are some third-party apps that will allow you to use an animated gif as a wallpaper , such as animgif live wallpaper . the downside , though , is that i believe all of these will be live wallpaper applications , which sort of defeats the purpose .
if the kernel was not compiled with /proc/config . gz support turned on , then the only sure way is to look at the source tree that was used to compile the kernel you are running . copy the config . h file into your own source tree ( or just use the original source tree ) and run make menuconfig to set any new options you want .
i cannot find any official documentation on this icon , but various sources across the internet suggest that it means you have " power saving " mode enabled on your device . it looks like this is specific to huawei 's devices , and can be disabled in your settings .
the javascript engine in android 's browser/webview can be either javascriptcore ( lower end phones ) or v8 ( higher end phones ) . chrome also uses v8 . both engines are written in c++ . javascript is never compiled to java bytecode , instead it is interpreted and/or jit compiled into arm bytecode . my guess on why v8 on pc is much faster than v8 on android is probably because jit compilation to x86 is more mature than jit compilation to arm .
hmm , difficult problem your only bet is rooting ; and app like droidwall which is front end for iptables . and then you would have to add rule that states block any app that is running in background . that i am not sure how to achieve .
i finally figured out how to fix this . i do not know if this is the best way to do this , and if this is unique to just this phone , but here 's what worked for me : rebooted the phone unlocked it at the lock screen that popped up when i came to the activation setup pages , i pulled down the notifications shade " quick settings " > > " all settings " > > home button i am not sure how exactly this worked ( glitch or bug , maybe ? ) , but it did . thanks for all the help !
go to your settings on your phone when in your settings go to " sound " , then " silent mode and vibrate " and things will pop up push " silent mode " then push " vibrate " , then " never " then your phone is all the way off ! !
turning off your screen via widget is possible ( and several widgets are available for that ) . but turning on the screen cannot work that way , as to access the widget , it must already be turned on . of course you could use a lockscreen permitting widgets ( like c locker pro ) . an alternative is using tasker , and defining a corresponding profile : condition : headphone plugged task : disable keyguard this is the most convenient way , as you only had to turn on/off the screen via the power button . and apart from that , you get yourself a powerful companion for your device – just check the tasker tag-wiki and other questions using the tasker tag : )
so i have finally solved it using the update command ( disable sync ; restart ; update ; restart ; enable sync ) and ot seems to work well . the update command was like : UPDATE Calendars SET sync_events=1, selected=1 WHERE _id &gt; 3  i had tried compiling the android calendar from source , but i was getting sone errors about invalid ndk or sdk version .
simple things the obvious group of settings that needs to be changed ( simply by selecting the appropriate value ) is the interface language , time zone . keyboard one unexpected difficulty is the input method . the factory samsung os ( from another region ) does not include a samsung russian keyboard , nor does it include the standard android keyboard ( which might have a russian keyboard ) . further complication : the standard android keyboard cannot be installed separately ! as a solution , i chose to install anysoftkeyboard ( which is also available on f-droid , which guarantees it is free/open-source , can be rebuilt from sources , and has been inspected by more people for not having spying features ) . then in its settings menu , i chose to download a russian pack . mobile networks and internet for internet to work , one needs to set up an apn ( for example , for megafon , a russian mobile operator , one needs to add a new apn with " internet " as the value for the field " apn " -- the only essential field ; and select it ) . ( regressions ) ( still , as compared to samsung galaxy s sold in russia , this one has much more unstable connection to the mobile network ( loses the connection , i.e. , is offline very often ) . perhaps , this can be solved by upgrading the rom/modem firmware from the present android 2.2 i9000xxjpk ( kernel 2.6.32.9 ) froyo . xxjpk . )
chrome to phone is a great app . it is one of my most used apps . install chrome to phone from app brain or the android market . next install the chrome extension . finally find the directions on google maps and click the chrome to phone button . this will open up either the web page , google maps , or google navigation ( can not remember ) on your device assuming your device is connected to the internet . however , since this is not a phone i suspect you will not have an internet connection while you are driving which could be a problem if you are trying to use google maps/navigation .
google maps 5.0 has an offline mode that will allow you to view maps without an internet connection . google is now caching large areas on android devices based on what areas they frequently search in google maps from their android phone or tablet . this means people living in new york city , for example , will always have local street and area maps content . but if that is not satisfactory , there is always mapdroyd : mapdroyd stores map files locally on your device using our highly compressed and efficient micromap format which is designed and optimized for embedded devices .
here they say , installing samsung kies should solve the problem . i have not tried it yet , but it is available on samsung 's official website for their various phone models .
dropbox is making it seem more complicated than it really is . unlike on the pc version of dropbox , the files you see in the dropbox app are not actually stored on your tablet . it is just a list of files you could download . when you view the file from dropbox , it downloads it temporarily into dropbox 's private storage area , and then temporarily gives the app you choose access to the file . just click " save to sd card " . that actually downloads the file to your tablet , and saves it permanently in a storage area that other apps have access to . after that , the image will show up in gallery , probably in its own " dropbox " album .
you can use either the way geff_chang suggested or use android service menus in the service menu , it is located at Software info -&gt; Phone info you can always use third party apps as well .
sum-up from the comments : warranty first , at least as of today and outside the eu , it is not possible to install a custom rom or even only root your phone without voiding your warranty . even if it can be done in a way not increasing a ( possibly existing ) " flash-counter": in case your device " bricks " for some reason , not giving you a chance to restore to " stock " , your custumizations would be found in the service center . existing custom-roms as said , here you might want to take a look into the question where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ? , which lists a lot of ressources where to find different custom roms . a good choice might be cyanogenmod , which is e.g. dealt with in the xda-developers thread about cyanogenmod for ace plus . to find more details , you can simply use this google search .
as long as your charger device deliveres the right voltage then you should be safe . the maximum current specification is how much ampare it can deliver before the voltage from your charger goes out of usb voltage specs or blows a fuse . i do not know how they have constructed the htc desire battery chargine part , but i would use your charger . they should have some current limiter for the battery in any case , or you could not charge your phone in an ordinary computer usb connection .
according to amazon 's developer agreement ( see section 2 ( a ) ) a developer receives at least 20% of the price the developer sets for the app , regardless of the price amazon actually sells it for . according to everything i have read , this applies when amazon makes an app free ; it is not a special case . edit : they changed the agreement , adding the sentence " no royalty is payable for apps with a list price of $0.00 . " this may or may not have changed the original meaning of the agreement ; the definition of " list price " ( section 5 ( i ) ) was thought by many , myself included , to mean the original price set by the developer . the wording is not clear and a lot of people obviously misunderstood what was supposed to happen .
is something like this available somewhere ? not at the moment , although there are a couple vim-style text editor : vim touch avim editor however these are currently implemented as an application , not as an ime . what would it take to develop it ? what places in android must be modified ? is there some easy plugin framework where you just fill in some functions and you provide a new text editing method ? android provides the framework for creating custom keyboard ( officially known as ime ) . anyone that is interested in creating a vim-style ime for android should check out creating input method .
answer to your first question : no specific processes needed . when you connect your sdcard to pc via sdcard reader , you can see a new drive is mounted on you pc . just copy necessary files to pc and similarly copy same files to new sdcard . answer to your first question : yes . your mobile will recognize your new sdcard when you mount it to your mobile .
yes . file short cut app will help you to create short cut for files . it is an app to create a shortcut to open the file . you can choose any files such as images , videos , or pdf . note - you need a separate application that corresponds to the format so you can open the file . for example , pdf files can not be opened without pdf readers such as adobe reader . supports mp3 , mp4 , jpg , png , gif , html , pdf , txt , doc , xls , ppt
i believe this feature is called text reflow and is not an actual a feature of android but more of htc . the htc browser reflows the text as you zoom in . this can get very annoying especially because after reflowing it can move your focus area to the closesr text not what you were zooming into . my personal pick for an alternative browser is dolphin browser™ mini . it has both the functionality you are missing in the stock htc browser but also the speed you expect when loading webpages and launching the browser . dolphin browser™ mini
i had the same issue with my htc hero . i never got around to fixing it but i remember reading that the router needs to be forced to stay in b/g mode . check this post seems to confirm that idea : http://forum.xda-developers.com/archive/index.php/t-492536.html
the current android compatibility definition document says : 7.3.3 . gps device implementations should include a gps receiver . if a device implementation does include a gps receiver , it should include some form of " assisted gps " technique to minimize gps lock-on time . so " should " does not mean " must " . [ edited because i messed things up . apps that require gps show up in the market regardless of whether the device supports it or not . ]
you did not explicitely mention it , but from the context i assume you are using a device with android 4.4 ( kitkat ) . with that , google " pimped " the dialer . phonearena writes on this in an article called google makes the dialer awesome again : this is why you want android 4.4 kitkat : i think the best new addition though comes in the changes to caller id , because that has been supercharged with google as well . now , any time you call a number , or receive a call from a number that can be matched to a google maps business record , google will show you that business name , and possibly a picture ( though that part of the feature has been a bit dodgy so far ) , instead of just the phone number . this means far fewer mystery phone numbers in your call history , and if you are like me , it means even more than that . ( emphasis mine ) also see android 4.4 kitkat dialer will add google+ caller id and enhanced search options for a second source , and androidpolice 's google does caller id : kitkat 4.4 matches numbers against google places , and starting in 2014 , google personal accounts for a third . if it is not that , you most likely have a callerid app ( pre- ) installed which does the same : matching numbers of incoming calls against some online database .
no . roms are always device specific . reasons are proprietary drivers for specific hardware components . for more details , you might wish to follow up to the rom tag-wiki , rom-flashing tag-wiki , and the sites/pages linked from there , e.g. is there an official android “google” rom ?
just type it in once , click it , and save it . done . you can also go to settings > language and input > personal dictionary and add your words from there .
no , there is no way to rerender a photosphere . it loses the original data after rendering . even after crashes .
from what i can find , there is no way to turn it off : no solution in the samsung galaxy s forum no solution in the vodafone forum tasker can not suppress it however , one commenter notes
is your nexus 4 100% stock ? ( i.e. . no xposed module changes , or low-level tweaks like status bar mods and dpi changes ) . verification will fail if the system files on your device do not match factory/the expected ones . i had this happen to me several times with both my n4 and n5 . reverting the changes i made ( thankfully , they were not too many ) fixed it .
usually this space is taken up by various things that come with the device , like resources for the os , built-in apps , and just disk information . even formatting an 8 gb sd card will only get you 7.49 gb . that same logic would leave you with 30 gb , the rest is most likely the os , and various system resources .
i have found the problem . both the router and the phone was working correctly . the problem is with the wifi channels . according to wikipedia 's list of wlan channels , some places only allow channels 1-11 , some others 1-13 . devices will provide support accordingly . my router supports channels 1-13 , while the phone ( i guess ) supports channels 1-11 . so when the router uses channels 12 or 13 , the phone cannot detect the network ! solution ? buy another router which only support channels 1-11 . logon to your routers config through your browser to find whether the router supports limiting the channels . refer to your routers user manual on how to do this change the channel settings on the router to be manual ( i.e. not automatic ) , and somewhere in the range 1-11 ( preferably 1 or 6 or 11 ) .
open gmail , and open its Settings . click your username@gmail.com , and make sure Notifications is checked . then , click Inbox sound &amp; vibrate and click Turn Gmail sync on . configure the Notifications at the bottom as you like . in Settings , make sure Sync Gmail is also checked . with regards to gmail sync frequency , see this question : how to set gmail sync frequency ?
i do not get any refund on my credit card statement . nor do i get a debit to begin with for the initial purchase . the payment is probably held for the fifteen minute refund window . chances are the actual payment run from google to the financial institution is done in a batch or a few batches throughout the day . the specifics of the transaction run is down to google and their bank ( s ) . i would imagine they send the debit leg of it after the fifteen minutes from your account and credit an internal suspense account and then send out the batch during the day as i said . that is only a rough guess but i have worked in software testing similar payments in financial institutions for a long time . it may vary in different countries , i am in ireland but i would like to see how it works in other regions . if , hypothetically you did see a refund for any purchase like this you would see a debit for the purchase and a corresponding credit to your account for the refund with some reference to the app , music or whatever you have purchased .
well , there is a menu available for handsets running android os . to get the menu , go to your stock phone app and type the following . **#*#7378423#*#* it is simply *#*#SERVICE#*#* there are many things you can do in this menu . view service information check service settings carryout service tests reset customization settings some of these items may differ from handset to handset . these are the typical menu items available . this menu comes handy when checking the total call timer ( in service tests ) , rooting status check ( in Service info -&gt; Configuration ) , etc .
google inc . motorola mobility llc . nianticlabs@google ingress , fieldtrip waze waze nik software , inc . snapseed nest labs , inc . nest ( learning thermostat ) bitspin ( formerly team tasks ) timely , tasks bump technologies , inc bump virustotal virustotal android texttospeech listing these separately as they seem to be created within google , but were possibly personal projects/ 20% time projects , and are now retired and only accessible if you have previously installed one of the apps : google places directory team places directory google inc . android apps my maps editor by google
after some searching and trial and error , i could run replay . exe from reran , without rooting my device . for some reason i could not copy and exectute replay . exe to/from /data/local as the original article suggests , but i could do it to/from /data/local/tmp . i tested it on 3 devices . htc-one mobile , google nexus 7 tab , samsung galaxy tab 10 . here are details . i had to enable developer option and enable usb debugging install usb driver for android on my windows 7 once i see the device in adb run following commands . \adb . exe push replay . exe /data/local/tmp/ to copy the binary . \adb . exe shell /data/local/tmp/replay . exe to run the binary now one thing i cannot understand but why does it run when copied to /data/local/tmp ? is it a security hole or debugging aid ? or writing to /dev/input/event* really do not need root access ?
assuming this is google books , this behavior should not carry on past these few books . alice 's adventures in wonderland , great expectations , and pride and prejudice are downloaded by default , to give a feel for the program and some reading examples . no additional books will be downloaded without your telling the application to do so .
in my htc desire i find it under : settings-> wireless and networks -> wifi settings press menu and select advanced here i can see option to use static ip by selecting " use static ip "
i solved my issue using a 2a charger instead of my phone 1a charger or the usb port that provides only 0.5a . i am sure i have been able to charge my nexus with all the power sources , but maybe i left it on charge all night long .
the answers to how do i copy pictures onto a folder on the home screen ? provide a couple methods of creating shortcuts ( it requires another file manager ) . as well , the root explorer file manager allows you to set the default path when it opens ; you could set it to the path of this folder , so you would not need to browse to it .
the likeliest culprit for your high latency is first and foremost the fact that you are using a wireless carrier 's network , which are notorious for their high ping times . switching from one carrier to another probably would not solve your problem , and even if you went from a 3g contract to 4g you probably would not see that much of an improvement , especially as more and more people start buying 4g capable devices . additionally trying to do something as data-intensive as play world of warcraft over your cell carrier 's network is never going to feel right . games like that rely heavily on low response times and are best left for wired broadband connections .
you should just be able to add the port to the end of the domain as you would with a desktop browser , e.g. http://mysite.com:8888 . chrome and the built-in browser app definitely support this as i use them in this fashion on a daily basis ; i would imagine other browsers would as well since the syntax is defined in the rfc specification .
although i still hope that someone else gives me a easier and quicker solution , i have found the following procedure to be a fairly quick method to accomplish what i wanted ( someone else will certainly have another idea regarding this , i am sure ) : i send the contact information using the Send via gmail to my own gmail account , press Download in the received email and choose Contacts and Phone ) . since all information is present in the . vcf file attached to the mail , i can now easily create/duplicate a new contact without having to enter the name and phone number again .
$ su # cd (location in which you have the apk file) # pm install fifa14.apk (or whatever the apk name) 
i solved the error . instead of selecting pictures from a folder , use the album , and the picture folder will be listed as an album . deselect all the other albums , and pictures should show up .
i also agree with nanne but will two suggest two other ways of monitoring your data connection . . . you can add the power control widget to the home screen . it comes stock with android and it will lets you easily toggle the wifi among other things . when wifi is on , 3g will be off and you will have a visual representation right there . there are 3rd party version of this widget that actually let you toggle the 3g connection specifically . if you have a limited data plan as you do , beside just being diligent about monitoring your data connection , you can automate the monitoring process with something like phoneusage pro . this app allows you to set daily , weekly or monthly limits for data usage and it will notify you when you hit those limits . since theres sometimes a lag in registering data you could set up a notification to let you know when you have used 750 mb of 3g data in a month and then you will know it is time to start using wifi more frequently .
you should get the option to add them unsynced . like this :
i also wrote an app in response to this question . it is free in the market . let me know what you think . if you want more information , please let me know and i will add what i can . it is called " android information text " .
poweramp is an open source app , which may serve as a good starting point for developing your own app . the code can be found here .
one method is to put a file called .noMedia in the root of every folder that you do not want to be scanned . it will not improve the scanning of actual media , but it will prevent wasted time searching elsewhere ( or indexing things that you do not want indexed , such as app assets ) .
yes , it is possible . need a file manager w/root first , you need a file manager that has root access . personally i use es file explorer . within es file explorer , you will need to enable root access ( it is under the tools part on the left menu ) . all users will need to have signed in all users must have had to signin at least once to create their partitions . else , you will not see them . browse the exact location is : /storage/emulated/* # Android &lt;= 4.4.3 /mnt/shell/emulated/* # Android &gt;= 4.4.4 (actually, it may be 4.4.3 too)  where * is the userid . i am not sure how to get the user id , but on my tablets with 3 users it shows up as : /mnt/shell/emulated/0 # owner account /mnt/shell/emulated/10 # first user I created /mnt/shell/emulated/11 # second user I created  from what i gather for userids , it goes in order that i created the users . 0 = the first original owner account . then each account goes up from there ( 10 , 11 , 12 , etc ) . note : if your file manager does not have root permissions ( meaning the app itself must request root access ) , then when you enter one of the directories above , they will be blank . this is telling you that your file manager does not have root access - you need a file manager that knows how to request root access .
you can use this app to do it . no need for rooting . dvorak is not available as a predefined layout ( yet ) but you can customize your own layout using the advanced settings . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.apedroid.hwkeyboardhelper edit : this morning i published version 2.7 of the app which supports dvorak out-of-the-box .
that is dependent : the kernel , along with the appropriate driver chipset support for usb otg the general consensus , if the kernel is modded and has support for otg provided the handset supports it , then it will work alongside with the appropriate otg cable with power support . it might need custom modifications to android to make it aware of otg facilities if running on pre-honeycomb android versions . however , since honeycomb ( android 3.0 ) and upwards , there is usb facilities integrated into the framework which makes otg mechanism even easier .
it sounds like you want the extremely common ls -l  for reference , the complete busybox help for ls :
yes , you are justified and they are being sneaky . once a set of permissions is allowed , it can install new permission into that same set without getting approved on update . but you can retake control . if your rooted , you can download the xposed framework installer from the xda forums . xposed installer http://forum.xda-developers.com/xposed/xposed-installer-versions-changelog-t2714053 " xposed is a framework for modules that can change the behavior of the system and apps without touching any apks . all changes are done in the memory . " must be rooted playpermissions xposed module http://forum.xda-developers.com/xposed/modules/playpermissionsexposed-fix-play-store-t2783076 " this module aims to fix this problem for users who care about permissions . it'll do the following : 1 . make the play store show you all of the app 's permissions . 2 . require you to manually update apps with new permissions ( regardless of the category ) . " xprivacy module http://forum.xda-developers.com/xposed/modules/xprivacy-ultimate-android-privacy-app-t2320783 " xprivacy can prevent applications from leaking privacy sensitive data . xprivacy can restrict the categories of data an application can access . this is done by feeding an application with no or fake data . there are several data categories which can be restricted , for example contacts or location . for example , if you restrict access to contacts for an application , this will result in sending an empty contact list to the application . similarly , restricting an application 's access to your location will result in a set location being sent to the application . " modules require xposed framework to be installed to function properly .
my testing indicates a usable resolution of 1280 x 750
drag the icon to the edge , not the corners . it can be a little finicky depending on the particular touchscreen hardware your phone has .
not sure about keyboard font but maybe you can change the font in apps . check out this link - custom fonts in apps . and also this link - custom fonts in apps 2 . link 2 is from external site .
ok if you havent checked out the link uri posted , " root , " to put it simply , is administrative privileges on the phone and gives you the ability to mess with core system files and configurations . the " superuser " app is just an app that is designed to grant or block root permissions to different apps . rooting android phones is sometimes complicated but it mainly depends on the phone and manufacturer as different manufacturers lock down their phones in different ways . some developers have brought it down to you just plugging in your phone when a certain app is running and everything is done for you while other times will require you to run terminal commands , and download specific software onto your phone . unlike standard desktop linux , root has to be acquired through exploits apparent in the phones . now why gain root ? well for android phones , it allows us to a variety of things such as have the ability to underclock our processors for considerably better battery life or overclock them for performance . we can also create wifi-hotspots with ease , run network based attacks such as arp-poisoning , conduct cookie hijacking and so on . its like jailbreaking an iphone ( except its a lot more power to tinker in the palm of your hands ) . in your case , your app probably configures the network card on your phone for the file server in a way that cannot be done with the traditional android api and so needs more system access ( hence the request for root permissions ) . there is no " simple " setting to turn on root no matter what phone you have . this is because carriers make money by locking down your phone and forcing you to pay for more functionality ( i.e. tethering/wifi-hotspot ) . if they give you the ability to activate root , then some people could easily circumvent their control , thus making them lose money . the other possibility is that careless people who do not know what they are doing could seriously mess up their own phones and thus making it a support nightmare for carriers and manufacturers who now have to deal with bricked phones . what should your best approach be ? it all depends . if you really plan on tinkering with the phone or want custom software or want better battery life , then rooting is for you . if you just want to use your phone with no extra functionality or no hassle , then do not bother for root as you probably do not need it . if you do want to root , carefully follow all instructions and do your research . your best place to start is on your device forums on xda here : http://forum.xda-developers.com/forumdisplay.php?f=1404 the 1 click root also has a very good chance of working but this is not verified to work with your device afaik .
i have a samsung galaxy s2 here is a method to get info on your bluetooth version turn on bluetooth by going to the home screen , clicking menu-> settings bluetooth . pull that to enabled . make sure it is on . on the home screen , click menu -> settings -> applications -> ' running ' tab . an item appears called : " bluetooth share " . a screen pops up with information about the program , but it is sparse .
unlocking the bootloader will void your warranty . the first situation is not covered by the phone 's warranty , but the second might , according to your country 's laws . for example in finland , the repair company has to show that the problem is directly caused by flashing in order to deny the warranty claim . it is possible to get the phone repaired , but you have to fight with the repair shop and possibly with samsung to get it done , and it could get tricky . having said that , flashing is pretty easy as long as you follow the instructions to the letter and do not rush . bricking is pretty rare if you are cautious , so i would say go for it : )
solved it myself after hours of googling . i really only needed to run error checking on the internal storage ( checkdisk ) in windows . since i could not get windows to mount the drive normally , i tried booting into clockworkmod recovery mode and then connect usb . ran the error checking ( right click on drive , properties , tools , error-checking ) , rebooted phone and voilà ! life is beautiful once again .
looks like toggle mobile just does not work well with my setup . i bought a £2 sim card from lycamobile a couple months ago , and it is been working flawlessly with no setup changes . not much of an answer i am afraid , but i would rather lose my remaining toggle credit than use several more days on this .
does not seem to be , the search is the only way as of now , however ; if you use the browser there is an option to view only unread emails .
the problem with my device not showing up with the fastboot devices command resolved itself . i was then able to flash a custom recovery . the only thing i did different was , i rebooted my computer and symlinked the adb and fastboot commands in my bin folder .
it turns out the compass needed to be calibrated . i rotated the tablet a full 360 degrees in all three axes , and the problem cleared up . i used this app to monitor the orientation sensor , and while i still see the x axis orientation value drifting , it is being corrected automatically so that accuracy is maintained .
the clockworkmod folder contains data that cwm created , and more specifically the backup folder is where your device 's backup files are stored . all of those files are what constitute a nandroid backup of your device . if you are looking to free up some space on your device you can delete the folder , but cwm will recreate only the folder every time you reboot ; the backup files will not be recreated , and will only be generated when you use the backup feature so be sure to copy these files to a computer ( for backup purposes should you ever need to restore it ) . i often create nandroid backups , copy them to a computer or external storage , and then delete them from my device to save the memory for more useful things .
short answer generally , apps are cleanly uninstalled , and most if not all of their data will be removed along . some exceptions may however apply to their data stored on sdcard , if any . detailed answer android uses a data structure which is defined by the developers api , and developers should stick to it . there are also not too many ways they could deviate , as e.g. file system permissions prevent this . aside from the .apk ( the app itself ) installed at a defined place , there are also defined places for the apps data : all these can only go below /data/data/&lt;package_name&gt; on internal storage ( rare chances an app can access other places in internal storage to place its data , except from some " temporary " or cache locations . as for the sdcard , the api strongly recommends to use Android/data/&lt;package_name&gt; as corresponding place ( see api documentation ) . as long as developers stick to these rules , uninstalling the app will also remove all its data ( as the system takes care for all those locations defined by the developer documentation , since these are easily identified via the package name ) . however , on the sdcard there are almost no restrictions which places an app can access ( which is due to the fat file system used for these cards ) , and some apps go wild here .
i found the problem : the icon already existed on another screen . however , i was confused because both icons are identically named ( gallery ) and are nearly identical in appearance . thus , i did not realize that i had both icons already .
first , that setting is enforced by the os ( so it is not for the app to decide whether to observe that setting ) . put in easy words : android will not let an app access the network unless it is running in foreground ( i.e. . the user is interacting with it ) with the restriction enabled for it . explained with a plastic example : restrict background data on the google play store app ( as i did ) , it will not anymore check for updates in background while you are on mobile data . but it will do so when you are using wifi . also , when you call up the app to install something , it will work as long as you keep it in foreground ( i.e. . not switch to another app while it is still downloading ) .
according to this thread on code . google . com ( from april 2012 ) , it seems that one user solved a similar issue after they were advised to turn off 2 step auth to use google play : i am having same issue and tech just advised i have to turn off 2 step verification to get into play . so i would disable 2 step auth on the google account associated with the device and try again . ( if that does not work , i wonder if it is even worth trying a factory reset with 2 step auth turned off . . . ) btw : that thread is in the issues list for source code behind the google authenticator application . the issue is not actually related to that application , however , after setting up 2 step auth the user reportedly could not access google play so that is why they blamed that app . alternatively ( still assuming 2 step auth is part of the issue ) , you could create an app-specific password for google play as described in this answer . quoting that answer : create an app-specific password for google play at https://accounts.google.com/issuedauthsubtokens ( e . g . , name it " android phone play store" ) . on the phone , add a 2nd google account ( all settings > accounts and sync ) . launch google 's play store . go to menu > accounts . switch account ; then , switch back . when it asks for a password , enter the app-specific password you have created .
since you have already unlocked your bootloader , you should be able to flash a recovery from fastboot and then use that to root . this will get you root on your stock rom ( but not s-off ) : download clockworkmod recovery for the doubleshot from this link download the superuser/su zip file from this link reboot into fastboot mode . to do this , remove power off the phone , remove the battery , then hold volume down while you re-insert the battery and press power . when the bootloader menu appears , press power again to select " fastboot " . flash the custom recovery image : fastboot flash recovery /path/to/clockworkmod.img . reboot into recovery ( reboot and hold volume down , i believe , otherwise use #3 above to boot into the bootloader then press volume down to select " recovery " and press the power button ) . copy the superuser/su zip file onto your device and install it from recovery . it may be easier to get the zip onto your device if you first reboot normally and then use android 's mass storage feature to just copy it over .
well , i rebooted the phone and it is working fine now , but still not sure why this happens . it happened to me twice and works fine when i reboot the phone . this is not an answer to my question but more like a solution to overcome that
1 . first turn -on your gps 2 . go to evernote settings 3 . under general settings you can find " other options " 4 . uncheck " use gps satellites " option . also uncheck " use wireless networks " if you did not turn on your gps , " use gps satellites " option get greyed out . now your note will not store your location .
your handset is not damaged , not totally . but you do need to get some professional help , someone who is willing to carry out the procedure in restoring it , provided that someone has the necessary tools at their disposal . however , you can fix your imei using a highly specialized but expensive repair box such as z3x , nspro , to name but a few . mostly , smartphone users do not have access to them and only repair labs or specialists have them .
i actually found taskxp for multitasking which someone recommended . it is just what i wanted . it shows my recent apps and any apps that i pin , in an overlay that i can quickly hit back from .
i can confirm that this is normal behaviour for the default ( blue ) google calendar on the nexus 4 - just the 1 app . having tried a few tests of my own . . . the multiple " roll-up " events appear to be events for which you have already received a notification , but have not explicitly acknowledged or " dismissed " it - in which case the notification remains in the notification area and forms this group when the next notification occurs . in the screenshot above , a notification has just occurred for " test3" , while notifications have already occurred for " test1" and " test2" , but i did not acknowledge/dismiss them . i could , for instance , tap on the " roll-up " and dismiss " test2" - it will then be removed from the notification area . the only way to stop this roll-up of events is to either : dismiss the notification as it occurs . do not set a notification for these events .
after a lot of experimentation and backwards and forwards and disabling and enabling various things , i have got it to the point where i have not seen that error popup for about a week now ( which is a huge improvement over it appearing every 10 minutes ) . unfortunately logcat never seemed to show any obvious , enlightening errors when the force close messages popped up , so there was nothing to work on there . various posts on web forums suggested that going into accounts and sync disabling sync on calendars and contacts , then clearing the data on the calendar and contacts app should help , but it did not seem to for me . in the end what i think solved the problem was : completely deleting all my non-primary google accounts off the device ( i have a primary google account , which is a google apps one , plus another google apps account and a normal gmail account ) disabling all of the sync on my primary account clearing the data on the calendar and contacts apps leaving it an hour before re-enabling the sync on my primary account leaving it a day before adding back my secondary accounts , and enabling their sync not 100% sure which of those steps solved it , but after doing all of those steps in that order my problem has gone away .
as can be seen in this video from the google i/o conference , in jelly bean applications can no longer read the system log for other applications , they can only read their own log . this has broken most ( all ? ) system log readers , here 's a blog post from a developer of such an application talking about how it has affected his application . the only way to have an app read other apps system log entries when using jelly bean is to root the phone . although other apps can not read the log files it is apparently possible to do it from the pc , try giving logshark a go .
rehearsalassistant is what i ended up using . it is ok for now .
i was able to install google play services by browsing to its page at https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.gms and then logging in , clicking install , and choosing my phone . come to think of it , i might start installing more apps this way , from the comfort of a desktop browser . : ) anyway , i am able to use the google+ app again . i am still puzzled by the " no connection " business and having to periodically downgrade play to market to install anything from my phone running android 2.2 , but i am glad i did not have to root it and install cyanogenmod as suggested by some friends .
although the sony xperia tipo is listed by freexperia as a supported device , the tipo dual is not . it is not clear from the site , so it may simply be that ( the unofficial port of ) cyanogenmod can not access the sim cards in that device .
no , you are pretty much out of luck . once you update , you have that version and cannot go back . i do not know your android knowledge , but , if you have the apk file for a previous version , you can " sideload " the application on to the device ( unless you have at and t ) . but that is a bit more complicated if you never done it before . it requires the drivers for your pc , copy the file to the sdcard , and then " open " the apk file with an file manager , which will then launch the package installer .
individual apps might have settings for font size , but i do not think android 2.2 included any system-wide settings for changing the default font size . check the market for a third-party contact list app that allows you to change that setting .
broadcom did not specify it , it could be any from this list , search for the gps category . galaxy y uses the broadcom bcm21553 which is arm11 . based on this , i conclude it uses the bcm4751 gps module . you can also try this ussd codes that might reveal some information .
there is no official way of installing the default keyboard if it is not installed by the manufacturer . however , there may be unofficial ways using files stripped from other devices or compiled from aosp . there are some keyboards on google play , see for example keyboard from android 2.3 , which claims to be like the default keyboard from android 2.3 . another way of getting the default keyboard may be installing another rom . i think hardware makers would install their own keyboards if they think that they are superior to the default one , for example because they better work on the screen size of a device .
rooting your phone will void the warranty from both the carrier and the manufacturer . no matter what happens to be wrong . if they found that the phone 's rooted then you will have to face the consequences . * so your warranty will be void automatically with root . *
the problem is that the device was stuck in fastboot . i had to use adb to get into the bootloader , and change to normal boot from there . now , everything works . i assume he let the device run out of power while updating , as it completed updating once it was out of fastboot . thanks for all the help you gave me . you may not have solved my problem , but i still appreciate it .
most ( pretty much all ) usb keyboards and mice support the usb hid protocol . you might not be able to use some special " media keys " or other advanced features , but standard features will work without additional drivers . as for routing usb input to standard android ui events , i suspect they will do it ( they had be stupid not to ) but could not find any conclusive information as of yet .
figured it out . . . go to the wifi settings , hit the menu key and choose " advanced " , and uncheck " avoid poor connections " .
you need to re-flash your recovery in fastboot . make sure you use the correct recovery for your device and carrier . ( i can provide links if needed . ) your rooted so i will assume you have successfully achieved s-off which requires proper adb drivers and fastboot . boot to fastboot ( hold power + vol down ) and connect usb cable flash nameofrecovery . img ( from same directory adb and fastboot are in ) by typing fastboot flash recovery nameofrecovery.img
solved ( at least layar is not being showed as installed anymore ) . on this site i found that i could also remove the /data/app/com.layar.apk file . i did it and now i have +8mb of free space on my galaxy .
try installing betterbatterystats or gsam battery monitor pro . both apps can provide you granular data about how your phone 's battery is being drained . you know the power hog is google reader but these apps can help you determine if the app is killing the battery because it is using a ton of data or if it is initiating long or frequent wake-locks . . . if i had to guess without any more info , i would guess that reader is updating in the background frequently and consuming a lot of data .
the sim card is not capable of managing complex records . due to its limited storage , it only holds one phone number per contact , and also misses other details . so when your " old phone " allowed for multiple phone numbers with one contact while storing the data on sim , it must somehow have used multiple contacts , and displayed them in a kind of " merge view " ( had it used some own format to achieve this , your sim contacts would have become incompatible with other devices , so that approach is unlikely ) . while that would be doable on android as well , it is not a standard for good reasons : how to tell which contacts to merge ? by their name ? there might be multiple " john smith " entries , not necessarily pointing to the very same person . as long as there is no standard defined , implementations might differ and thus leading to different results – which is the most likely reason it is not done at all .
unfortunately , you really need root for this . from clocksync , google themselves have mentioned this : hi , it is by design that applications can not change the time . there are many subtle aspects of security that can rely on the current time , such as certificate expiration , license management , etc . we do not want to allow third party applications to globally disrupt the system in this way .
first are you talking about storing the music on your android device or on the google servers ? if you are planning on streaming music to your device from the google music play servers then you can not store your music in a lossless format see this page about formats on google play music , and notice this line : flac , ogg , and aac files are transcoded to 320kbps mp3 however , if you want to store the music locally on your device then your question makes more sense . there are a few ways to put alac music on your android device in flac keep your library in alac and convert songs to flac as you want them . then move the new flac files to your device . a program like max should be able to handle the conversion for you . convert all of your alac files to flac in place and then use fluke to enable flac playback support in itunes . what option you select depends on how much you like to keep your os free of plugins like fluke and how ofter you are moving music to and from your device .
you cannot execute either binary or shell script that resides on the external sdcard due to the execute permission bit being blocked . either move the script temporarily to a location other than sdcard ( if you are not rooted - you are in a bit of a spot there . . . ) after reading the posting on xda , it would appear that something is amiss , notify the developer of that forum and post it there and see what response you get : ) edit : you have that external sdcard treated as mass-storage device . turn that off and see what happens ( had to read all of the thread and some one posted - see #18 there ! )
if you are literally sitting at the bootloader screen , the volume buttons will scroll between boot options and the power button will select . simply use the volume buttons until it has " start " selected and then press the power button to select it . this will boot your device normally . if for some reason it is stuck at the bootloader and will not accept input , removing the battery should be fine provided that you are not in the middle of executing a fastboot command of some kind . note that if you are getting a response of &lt;waiting for device&gt; from fastboot that it is not doing anything on the phone 's side . that means that it cannot communicate with the phone , and as such the bootloader itself is basically idle at that point . since you noted in a comment that you were concerned about the bootloader erasing things : the bootloader process in and of itself does not do this . the purpose of the bootloader is to allow you to boot into various different modes of the phone ( such as recovery and a normal boot ) . in the pc world a bootloader is often used to dual boot two different operating systems , with the bootloader menu being what allows a user to select which os they want . the only time that your data will be erased is when you execute the fastboot oem unlock or fastboot oem lock commands or if you explicitly erase a partition in some other way ( fastboot erase , for example ) . simply booting into your bootloader does not affect your data in any way .
go to settings -> apps , swipe to all , scroll and press launcher , then select clear data . your home screen is as good as new : ) update : as suggested by chahk below , a good way to avoid cluttering your homescreen is by going to the play store then going to menu -> settings and un-checking the auto-add widgets option .
you can accomplish this by disconnecting the stereo audio ( a2dp ) profile from your headset . this still keeps your headset paired with the hands-free profile . you can do this by opening bluetooth settings , long-pressing your attached device and unchecking stereo audio .
this depends entirely on the oem and what features they decide to put in their devices . however , i have used a panorama feature since the beginning ( 2.3 gingerbread ) on my nexus s , and have had it all the way till my 4.2 galaxy nexus , so i can say that the stock android camera app has panorama , at least 2.3 onwards . beyond that , device specific panorama is dependent on the oem . you could always use third party apps , like this one , which supports android 2.1 and above .
that means something 's wrong with the package setup . for your reference , here are a few links with more detailed information : android duplicate provider authority - stack overflow android duplicate provider authority problem - stack overflow angry birds seasons summer pignic now available | angrybirdsnest ( search for " duplicate provider " on this page , should appear around the middle ) duplicate provider authority error when installing k-9 mail - google groups recommendation : contact developer ( for security reasons both developers , in case somebody faked the signature ) . it is most likely a copy-and-paste error during the packaging process , so the developer might release a fixed update soon .
after some searching , it turns out this feature is provided by the sprint network ( although that does not rule out that other carriers/devices may provide similar functionality ) . the q and a at community . sprint . com points to the sprint connection optimizer , aka the " intelligent mobile network and wi-fi setting . " this setting " will automatically connect you to wi-fi networks on your device 's remembered list . " this setting can be enabled/disabled by navigating to settings > more settings > mobile networks > sprint connections optimizer .
try tunein radio , it has both stations , and it is great ( and free ) !
this is a new ' feature ' in market version 3 . x , which got pushed out some time last year to gingerbread devices . if you have a rooted phone and really want the old behaviour back , uninstall the ' market updater ' and install android market 2.3.6 here 's an apk of it from my dropbox https://dl.dropbox.com/u/2302883/com.android.vending-5cbc09eeba96ab104fe111e029312f42.apk.gz
go into the wi-fi settings , press menu , choose advanced . you should get options including wi-fi sleep policy . sounds like its set to turn off wi-fi when the screen is off .
according to the openaos site , the archos 5 is supported . so i would think that there would be a download for an update package for that specific device . this is how others do it . the steps to install on any of the devices should be the same ( or close ) the only thing you would need is the install package . i could not find downloads on the openaos site .
digging into the packagemanagerservice class on grepcode ( warning : this class file is huge , your browser may chug a fair bit when rendering it ) , the optimizing message is displayed in the following context : here the value of com.android.internal.R.string.android_upgrading_apk is the string " optimizing application " . in layman 's terms , it loops through each application on the device , updates the message on the screen by calling showBootMessage() and then calls performDexOptLI() on the application . so naturally , the next question is " what does performDexOptLI() do ? " well here 's what that looks like : so this invokes the dexopt utility on all of the applications that need it . it is difficult to find any simple documentation regarding dexopt , but there is a high-level overview here . suffice it to say , it is being used by the just in time ( jit ) compiler to create optimized . dex files that help improve the performance of the apps on your device and it outputs them into the vm cache . the reason it stores the . dex files in the cache is because otherwise it would have to re-extract them any time you want to run the app ( the . apk is just an archive , it is not an executable file ! ) . thus , it makes sense to just keep them in the /data/dalivk-cache directory to reuse them , and dexopt performs some optimizations during the initial extraction while it is at it . tl ; dr ( or non-programmer summary , i guess ) : it is rebuilding the dalvik cache .
i have rebooted my phone and when i tried again it let me register . the account is linked to htcsense . com which seems odd as there is a message there saying that it is closing down its services !
this is not built-in functionality , but it is something you could achieve with a trigger/event app such as tasker . this kind of app runs in the background , and lets you configure certain actions to take ( such as turning off the ringer ) when certain events occur ( such as seeing a particular wi-fi network ) . tasker 's not the only such app , but it is very complete and has some users who contribute to this site , which means that if you have questions setting it up you can probably get them answered here . see tasker .
the skype application description in the market lists the list of devices that supports video calling . as of skype 2.5.0.108 , video calling is supported on these tablets : samsung galaxy tab 7 ( wifi , verizon , sprint , plus ) htc flyer samsung galaxy tab 10.1 ( t-mobile ) acer iconia tablet ( a500 ) motorola xoom acer iconia smart devices that are not listed may still be able to do video calling , but skype says that the video quality may not be as good as on supported devices . check out skype 's application description page for the latest list of supported devices .
if you have not opened the application in a while , it will naturally disappear from the list of recent apps . try opening it with the widget and then going back to the home screen . if gmail is once again under you list of recent apps , you just have not opened it in a while . if it does not appear at all , then the widget you are using does not add gmail as a recent app .
judging from other apps , i would suspect the answer to be samsung printers only . that being said , hp has eprint , but google 's cloud print offers printing for older models of printers as well regardless of make .
there is really no way to answer this question . there are devices out there that got to version 1.6 and are at the end of the line . i have a droid with froyo ( 2.2 ) and do not expect to get any more os updates . it all depends on the hardware and , most importantly , how much effort the manufacturers and/or carriers want to put in to update the device . if the past is any indication , the answer there is " not much " . they seem much more interested in selling their new phones . while google and the manufacturers recently met and said that there will be more of an effort to support and update devices for at least 18 months , we have not seen the results of that . while they occasionally backpedal on announcements of " no more updates " it has not been very frequent . if past performance is any indication , i think you can expect a few point releases , and perhaps a full release ( to version 4.0 ) but beyond that i do not think is going to happen . this is , of course , speculation , and this is now a fairly long non-answer answer to an unanswerable question .
according to steve kondik , this is essentially old code that is leftover from older versions of cyanogenmod : this was only here for apps that were statically linked against uclibc in old cm versions . it can likely just be removed . however , he also goes on to note : also , this file is not written when connecting to a network as /system is readonly . the actual dns servers are read from system properties . i also just verified that the dhcp supplied servers are actually being used , so this issue is invalid unless someone proves otherwise . so the values in /etc/resolv.conf actually do not reflect your dns settings . what you can do instead is use getprop to find your dns values . you can pare it down rather nicely if you grep the output like so : getprop | grep dns  also worth noting : the /etc/resolv.conf file appears to have been removed completely in later versions of cyanogenmod . i do not have one on cm10 at all , but getprop does correctly show my dns settings .
multiple triggers are supported on automateit pro : http://automateitapp.com/index.php/user-guide-2/composite-triggers-actions-pro-version-only/ as of version 3.0.54 ( released on feb 2013 ) , you can unlock pro features from within the free version . read here how to unlock features : http://automateitapp.com/new-release-rich-notification-unlock-pro-features-and-more/
we do not compare apples with peaches . but it is always a good idea to be careful what you install . true , google play is to be considered one of the safest sources for android apps . still , some malware sneaks in every now and then . so you should use some common sense before hitting the " install " button . things to look at include ( but might not be restricted to ) : what permissions are required ? though not always easy to decide , there are some things which can count as indicators – e.g. taking a simple calculator app , it certainly does not need access to your contacts , calendars , system settings , etc . how is it rated ? i am not talking about " naked numbers " , but check the comments . they might give you useful hints on whether it is safe to install . also , an app installed several thousands of times with no traces of maliciousness in the comments should be considerably safer than an app with almost no installs and no comments . should it be a very popular app , but only has few installs ? that is in most cases a clear indicator for malware , hiding behind a popular name . better keep your hands off those . aside of that : in case you are still unsure , pick a good forum and ask . another good idea is to check other apps from the same developer ( just follow the link on his name ) , and use above criteria on them .
this is definitely due incompatibilites between the ril and the baseband/modem firmware . the ril or the radio-interface layer are the libraries ( shared-objects ) that allow the phone to talk with the modem firmware . i found this issue on the cyanogemod jira : https://jira.cyanogenmod.org/browse/cyan-2172 if you read the comments , you will see that people have solved this issue by flashing a compatible firmware . since i am now running cyanogenmod 11 , i dug around xda and found a leaked 4.4 firmware for my device . it was packed in a cwm-flashable zip so i flashed it and voila . please remember to backup your device , your current modem/baseband and the ril files . flashing a new ril is not necessary always but helps .
they are stored in /mnt/shell/emulated/  i have just created a restricted profile and it created a new folder in there with the name "10" , the main admin users folder is "0" . you should be able to copy the files into the relevant place within these folders to get mine craft to pick them up . ( this was done on the 2012 nexus 7 but i do not think it will be any different )
yes , most manufacturers ( afaik including htc , as i had this experience with my evo 4g ) will have the ota update break if the device is rooted . this may have changed , but to my knowledge , ota will not work after root . however , devices can be unrooted , however , some are easier than others , and the process is different for most devices . please note that most unrooting methods require a full wipe . thus is the nature . however , if i can give you a bit of personal advice , custom roms can usually give you the features of an ota update and much , much more ; )
i was frustrated for a long time with the same problem . an app called wifi fixer seems to have fixed it . hope that helps you too .
short answer you cannot do that without having your device rooted , as the file permissions will not allow you to list contents there . you will be able to change into /data/data , but you will not see a single thing there . longer explanation while one might be able to access /data/data without root ( i.e. . change into that directory ) , permissions are set to forbid listing its contents : this is what happens on a device without root ( output created just now on my cat stargate 2 running android 4.1.1 ) . repeating the same on my htc wildfire running cm9 ( android 4.0.4 ) and having root access enabled looks a little different , and should give us the wanted details ( output cut to the necessary stuff ) : adb shell root@android:/ # ls -l /data drwxrwx--x system system 2013-02-27 02:01 data  as it is clearly shown , /data/data is owned by the user system group system , with this user and group being the only having full read/write/execute access . everybody else only has execute permission , enabling all processes to change into that directory . this is necessary for the apps to access their data : they know their package names , and such an app named com.foo.bar can directly jump to /data/data/com.foo.bar which it owns and has full access to .
it looks like your phone tries to build a 3g connection only if packet data is enabled . after all , 2g is just fine for voice and texts . but unsuccessfully trying to create a connection when there is no network costs a lot of power . in my experience , phones normally cope just fine with that . my theory is that the 2g signal normally contains some sort of flag that indicates whether there is also a 3g signal . the 2g repeater would incorrectly send this flag -- possibly because the tower it gets its signal from sends it too . thus your phone wastes energy trying to connect to a signal that only exists somewhere else . if you cannot ( or do not want to ) replace the repeater by a more sophisticated model , you should turn off 3g altogether while in your office . gsm phones have a setting in Wireless &amp; networks -> Mobile networks -> Network Mode that lets you switch between wdcma ( 3g ) and gsm ( 2g ) . i do not know what the setting looks like on a cdma phone . you can probably automate this with tasker if you do want to use 3g where it is possible . alternatively you could use a widget to change the setting manually without having to go to the settings menu . one app that provides a widget for this is widgetsoid .
all you need is an app locker app . there are many app lockers in play store . just , search . i would recommend smart app protector ( i use its pro version which is great ) . use it to lock google docs app .
in froyo and later , there is a " cursor handle " that you can grab and drag to the right location . now this photo doesnt show it , but the actual cursor is still there blinking too . that handle will also bring up a quick action menu to select text or paste . and once text is selected , you can copy and cut too .
summing up the solution from above comments : fixing up the possibly broken build.prop file you do not need to mount your sdcard to revert your changes . if you can boot into recovery , and access the device via adb shell , you can do so and replace your edited build.prop file with the backup copy you have created ( using the cp command ) , thus restoring the state of before your edit . example , assuming you have named your backup build.prop.bak and placed it in the same place as the original : keep in mind the file ends with " prop " , which is short-hand for " properties " -- not " prob " as short-hand for " probabilities : ) if it still not boots : uninstall the last app installed as the first part did not solve the problem here , it might be the app installed ( facebook home in our case ) is causing trouble on the device it was not intended for . so let 's kick it out . boot into recovery again , get your adb ready , and # uninstall the app # adb shell pm uninstall &lt;package_name&gt; adb shell pm uninstall com.facebook.home # reboot the device adb reboot  this finally solved it . as a factory-reset was done , how was the app able to survive that ? this was an after-thought to the entire issue . a possible explanation lies in the fact that the factory-reset complained about the sdcard not being able to mount . so if parts of the app got installed to the card , they might have survived there . unlikely as this is ( after all , apps on sdcard should not be able to cause boot issues , as the card is mounted only after boot_completed ) , i see no other explanation ( comments welcome , i can include them here if wished for ) . this lead to another question : should i remove the external sd card to protect it from factory reset ? normally , a factory reset should not touch the external sdcard . but " better safe than sorry": if it should not be touched normally , it should not matter whether it is in the device or not , so it should not hurt to remove it before the factory reset . however : if you use ( d ) app2sd , there is a special directory called .android_secure on the sdcard holding the ( encrypted ) parts of the " moved apps " . after a factory reset . the system does not know of them -- so when re-installing such an app , it might lead to problems . thus when removing the card before doing a factory reset , make sure to remove the .android_secure directory from the card ( using a card reader and your computer ) before re-inserting it again .
shoppingcalc does this pretty simply if you are willing to live without the barcode scanning ( i like the zero-clutter interface ) .
the sdk needs to be run as admistrator to be able to write those files . just retry and run it with elevated rights .
if you only want apps backed up , i recommend titanium backup . it requires root . its backup will be saved to /mnt/sdcard/TitaniumBackup/ , you can copy that folder to your computer just in case your card gets formatted . if you use clockworkmod / nandroid , do the same thing ( copy the /mnt/sdcard/clockworkmod/backup folder to your pc afterwards ) . the only real caveat is that you should flash the rom you had when the backup was done before restoring the backup . if the rom you flashed afterward was significantly different , restoring without first reflashing the previous rom can brick the phone .
this is indeed a question to stackoverflow . i asked a very similar question about a week ago , and basically , the answer is no , to implement that you will have to dig very deep into the code . see here for more . hope it fits your question .
edit : apparently download and recovery modes are merged for the g1 . just press alt-l on your physical keyboard while in download mode , and recovery will show up . what you are seeing is download mode . the key combination is usually subtly different . in the case of my phone , it is just a matter of having the phone connected to usb or not . you should try it with and without usb , as well as removing the battery and doing a fresh boot . ( you can also remove the battery , plug into usb , and reinsert the battery and try ) . also try other keys -- you already know using back instead gets you to that device info screen .
where are you hearing this ? the nexus s can absolutely support video chat , it has a front-facing camera . whether a video chat app supports the nexus s is a different question . google talk is supposed to support video chat in honeycomb , hopefully it will be released for gingerbread and support the nexus s as well . the nexus s can not take hd video due to software restrictions , from everything i have read ( example ) . i think it just was not prioritized since the nexus s is a " developer phone " . ( if you meant to ask if it can play hd video the answer is yes , depending on the format and such ) .
after a lot of searching i found this nice little program which does exactly what i was asking for : easy graph from bh soft . nothing fancy but what is does it seems to do well . the developer should add more chart types , for sure , but at the moment it allows me to enter , save and chart different sets date + value pairs in a line chart .
lost . dir is just a storage space ( directory ) for files that were recovered upon boot . you can safetly remove it with no problems . the sysytem keeps it just in case you want to get your recovered currupted files back . a quick google search yielded : lost . dir - what is it ? as for preventing it from being created , just prevent the sd card from becoming corrupted . here are some things to keep in mind while using an sd card : always eject before removal never remove while files are being modified never remove from android device while device is on if you have your device connected to the computer , the sd card will usually automatically mount itself on the computer . remember to eject it before disconnecting the device . this thread has a ton of good info . basically the gist of it is , if you are following all of the precautions to keep the sd card from getting corrupted ( ejecting before removal , ect . . . ) then the sd card is partially incompatible with your device . if you move to a higher class sd card , the problem usually goes away on its own .
i fixed this by removing data from the sd card . it was nearly full . freeing up ~1gb of the card solved the problem . it is likely that the application uses some sd card space to open files .
yay , the phone boots again . here 's the magic recipe . Boot into recovery. adb shell mkdir /data/s mount -o rw -t yaffs2 /dev/block/mtdblock3 /data/s chmod 755 /data/s/xbin/busybox Reboot the phone.  my shell is back . there is a weird quirk now - ls ( from the busybox , one assumes ) thinks adb is an ansi terminal and tries to emit ansi escape sequences . still , yay .
no , you do not need anything unique . while it comes with something specific - it can charge off a usb in your computer ( or the wall outlet -> usb ) . ( source : i have the 2012 one ) sounds like you have other issues such as : bad/obstructed usb header - visually check the usb on your nexus for physical damage or blocks ( dust , debris , lint , etc ) bad usb cable - try an alternative cable or verify that cable in other devices if possible . there are complaints of the 2013 nexus 7 , mostly related to odd behaviors with touch . perhaps this could be another manifestation . . . though i somewhat doubt it . if you clarify further , that may help your cause : did it ever work normally - if so , has anything changed between then and now ( rooting , custom rom , etc ) ? what came in the box with it ? what did the manual tell you ? what else have you tried ? what do you mean " what is the deal with these android tablets ? " - have you found other evidence of issues or reported complaints ?
this has happened many times to me , and every time it has been a bad cable . if you have one , try finding another usb cable to test it with , and see if it works . often some connection goes bad in the cable just from use and wear and it will only charge and refuses to transmit data . the other possibility ( this is known to be a problem with the evo 4gs , but i do not think i have heard of it on the galaxy s ) is that the usb port on your phone has been damaged or gone bad . this happened to my dad 's phone ( evo ) and they sent him a replacement . let us know what happens after you try a new cable !
not that i am aware of . presumably you could create an application that listened to the mic all the time and triggered it ( voice search ) on a certain phrase , but as voice to text is done " in the cloud " it would require a huge amount of data to go back and forth to accomplish this . one shudders to think of the implications on non-unlimited data plans , not to mention what it would do to your battery life . many phones launch voice serach when you press the button on a bluetooth headset . ymmv , try connecting a bluetooth headset and see what happens when you press the button . another forum thread about launching search from a headset
from your home screen , under Menu-&gt;Settings-&gt;Accounts&amp;sync-&gt;Facebook you can uncheck Contacts . obviously , this will stop your phone contacts from syncing to facebook , but after you get the list the first time , the only thing that really updates is the pictures , so disabling it should take care of it : )
the buttons are disabled so that users can grip the sides without causing and action . it would be difficult holding the device if the user is causing the device to go to the home screen .
did you use the " refresh " option in the google play music app ? you can find it in the action bar menu . another possibility is a wrong file type . here is a list of supported file types : https://support.google.com/googleplay/answer/1100462?hl=en
the new animation added to jelly bean camera app when photos are being taken , acts as a visual hint at a new swipe gesture that is been added . the idea is to make the user aware that swiping to the left at any time , they are able to scroll through all the photos taken : when taking a photo , a new animation sweeps your photo off the screen . there is now a new paging animation when swiping between photos . android 4.1 , jelly bean - camera and gallery ( scroll down till this title ) from that location , the user can rotate , crop , share , just like in the gallery app . as already mentioned by jlehenbauer , it is a feature and cannot be removed . here a youtube video about this : android 4.1 jelly bean camera app
you can write , compile and distribute native code as an android application . look here for more info about the ndk . if you want it done without the official framework and application packaging then you will need to look into cross-compiling the application for the arm architecture .
for now , afaik , every action associated with a mouse click can be accessed using a touch or a long-touch . combo using a key-press and a touch are not well supported ( if supported at all ) . long-touch over a link , gives you a popup with : open in new tap ; open in incognito mode ; copy link address ; save link as . for future reference , google chrome shortcuts link , from google support page ( the majority of the linux links are available for android . . . just waiting to have this page updated with the android shortcuts list ) : google chrome - keyboard and mouse shortcuts
drm stands for " digital rights management " , and mainly is used with sold ebooks/pdfs and the like ( and also for sold music files plus maybe even videos ) . those keys are to identify your id as to prove if you have permission to access those documents . if you never bought any of those " crippled " documents , chances are you do not have to bother .
hard to tell for sure without " direct access " , but here are the most likely answers : there are no files in that directory , so nothing to remove you cannot use rm to remove directories ( that is what rmdir is for ) that will most likely fail as well , since /system is usually mounted read-only ; ) the original command succeeded at last : most likely some file was created there in the meantime .
csipsimple indeed does the job if you want to use it as your sip client . if you prefer the built-in sip client , try the advanced dialer app .
the 2.3 keyboard cannot be installed on 2.1 as-is . it relies on the 2.3 voice search app , which uses api methods not present in 2.1 . ( see this xda post . ) i am sure someone is in the process of hacking the keyboard to work though . to be honest , the only difference i see with the 2.3 keyboard is that the keys are smaller , which i dislike .
have you tried evernote ? you can create notes in the phone and read on the web , and create on the web and view on your phone . the sync works perfectly !
there is no simple answer to the question , " why do programs crash sometimes ? " the error message you see tells you that an app has crashed , just like when a program crashes on a desktop computer . usually this indicates a bug ( programming error ) in the app or in one of the libraries included in the app ( e . g . an ad network , or a library for accessing a particular web service ) . the bug might always happen when you try to do a particular action , or it might be caused by being in a particular state . for example , a calendar app might have a bug that only happens when you create an event on the first of the month , in a month that already contains an event . if the bug is triggered by particular circumstances , clearing the data or cache for that app might make the bug go away until the same circumstance arise again . sometimes , the app itself might be correct but the crash caused by a programming error in android itself . the app might be relying on android to behave in a particular way , and if android does the wrong thing , that could later cause the app to crash . similarly , the crash might be caused by hardware problems : if the phone overheats , the hardware might compute the wrong answers sometimes . in the first instance , you should report a crash to the developer of the app that crashes . android 's crash-report process will automatically include relevant information with the report , to help the developer see what is wrong . even if the problem turns out not to be their fault , they will know the right place to report it , and might be able to suggest a workaround you can use to avoid the problem . if you do not report a crash , it probably will not get fixed .
you will not be able to use bt-dun on the streak unless there is something custom built into the ui . my archos 70 has a setting baked into android for bluetooth tethering specifically . without that or some app to enable it , the streak will not know where to get the internet connection from , even if the devices are connected . do not bother with pdanet because it only works when you are going the other way , sharing your android internet connection with another device . another option , would be to put mywi on your iphone and make it a wireless access point , then you can connect to it via your wifi connection . there is one problem : the mywi creates an adhoc connection and android does not recognize adhoc . you can get around this by editing your wpa_supplicant file but you need to be rooted to do this . here are the instructions to do this : http://android.modaco.com/content/dell-streak-streak-modaco-com/316049/ad-hoc-network-connection-for-streak/
apparently , it could not be installed because of market country restrictions . . so in case someone needs a solution - i tried using market enabler , and got it ( yt ) installed without problem .
i spotted this advice on the post on the google mobile blog announcing the new voice actions . at least one person in the comments claimed success . just run the following commands to uninstall the old system apps if you use a custom rom . adb remount adb shell rm /system/app/googlequicksearchbox . apk adb uninstall com . google . android . googlequicksearchbox adb shell rm /system/app/voicesearch . apk adb uninstall com . google . android . voicesearch then they will install just fine from market ( from the us market ) . marketaccess set to tmo us will allow you to find them .
try this tutorial , http://theunlockr.com/2010/12/17/how-to-root-the-samsung-nexus-s/
it is either a mobile network data enabled switch or a 2g/3g switch , try it and check your data connection . edit : got confirmation , see comments .
as per advice from narayanan , i replaced /system/media/audio/ui/LowBattery.ogg with another .ogg file . the next time it was triggered , the new file played . i then tried placing an empty file at /system/media/audio/ui/LowBattery.ogg , but this did not work . finally , i downloaded a slient .ogg from here , placing it at /system/media/audio/ui/LowBattery.ogg . this worked perfectly .
this is a feature of cyanogenmod . pressing and briefly holding one of the volume buttons when the screen is off will cause the music player to skip forward ( volume up ) or backward ( volume down ) . the intention is that this allows you to skip tracks and whatnot without having to unlock the device . if you find it annoying then you can disable it completely in your settings : simply uncheck the option at Settings -&gt; Sound -&gt; Volume rocker music controls . alternatively , try to use short presses of the volume buttons when the screen is off and it should adjust the volume rather than skipping .
resolution was a whole new phone . . .
sync is not possible and the " download folder " function is also missing on android . you can support this feature request : https://www.dropbox.com/votebox/2133/android-download-upload-folders
gps relies on your device picking up radio signals transmitted by satellites orbiting above us , an awful lot of things can block these relatively weak signals . from pocket gps world : how does the global positioning system work ? buildings , terrain , electronic interference , or sometimes even dense foliage can block signal reception , causing position errors or possibly no position reading at all . gps units typically will not work indoors , underwater or underground . ( my emphasis ) this is the same whether you are using a dedicated gps receiver , or a smart phone , if the radio signal can not get through your device will not be able to pick it up . in addition phones tend to have less sensitive gps receivers than large , powerful , dedicated gps devices with large antennae so there are likely to be marginal places undercover where your phone will not be able to pick up a gps signal when a dedicated device may be able to .
since you are still receiving the messages , the app must just be buggy . you could try using the handcent sms app instead .
the files you downloaded from that site are for a samsung galaxy y . your phone is a samsung galaxy ace duos . you need to find a rom suitable for your phone . you are lucky that installing that rom did not brick the phone completely . you can not undo an update : to get back to what you had before , find a stock rom image for your phone ( probably from http://sammobile.com for a samsung phone ) and install it following the provided instructions . alternatively , if you still want android 4.1 , look for an unofficial 4.1 rom for your phone and install it in the same way . see also : where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ?
be sure to check Settings-&gt;CyanogenMod Settings-&gt;Sound-&gt;Quiet Hours and make sure that it is disabled . that is been an unknowing culprit for me in the past .
found this thread on the vibrant section of the xda devs forum : not enough space in music database ? ( pretty sure the vibrant is a us carrier-specific version of the galaxy , with this weird obsession us networks seem to have for making up alternative names for devices ) . maybe it has something to do with how the app handles various artists and/or unknown artists . i added all my music , then deleted tracks from various artist albums until it worked again . i then put back the various artist album track and it did not work , as expected . i thought this was artist based , but when i got it working again--by deleting the track mentioned above--and then added a track for a various artist album by an artist that already existed , the app crashed too . i then thought it might be song based . so i removed that song and then added a set of songs . however , it unexpectantly worked . the difference with the set of songs added above is that they were not part of a various artist album . they were a new artist , but the main album artist was not various with a contributing artist of the actual artist name . instead , the album artist was the artist name and the contributing artist was left blank ( or had the same name ) . so , it is that the music app does not understand how to handle various artist albums ? plugged sd card into my pc , did a search for files named * . mp3 with " various " in the artist tag , moved all of them off the card . plugged card back into galaxy again , waiting for media indexing to finish , i can now view the artists column without the app crashing . still can not search in the app without crashing , but i have a few more compilation type albums so will try spotting and removing all of them to see if it helps . update nov 2010 : the music player included in the official samsung froyo ( android 2.2 ) update , seems to have fixed this problem , or at least made it so that i can have the majority of my tracks on the phone without this problem showing up .
can you not make your own ? open up paint or photoshop of some sort and fill an area black . save the image as a png and then place on your phones memory card . then on the phone set your wallpaper from the gallery and select the black image .
places is part of google maps ( and was introduced with maps 4.4 about a year ago ) , you should be able to see and search for all the same businesses and attractions in the main google maps app , places just puts a nicer interface on it . much of the data came from what used to be called google local . businesses can add themselves to local/maps/places and update their records themselves , here http://www.google.com/local/add/promo google maps has had a " add your business to google maps " link on the page pretty much forever , that links to http://www.google.com/local/add?hl=engl=us also just like other local business discovery services like foursquare , users themselves can add places into places , check into them and rate them through the app or http://www.google.com/hotpot see also the announcement page from when " place pages " were first added to the web version of google maps back in 2009 which has some more details http://googleblog.blogspot.com/2009/09/place-pages-for-google-maps-there-are.html including that you can add them through community edits or google map maker .
this can have multiple reasons . first thing to look for is always whether a " user app " might have caused this . this can be done by booting into safe-mode : if everything works here , at least the hardware is fine , and the system as well . in that case , next steps would be : boot into recovery-mode , and clear ( wipe ) cache . this is possible on rooted and unrooted devices , each recovery ( stock or custom ) should permit this ( exceptions are quite rare ) . then reboot , and see if the issue is solved . if it is not solved , and your device is equipped with a custom recovery : again boot into recovery , this time wipe the " dalvik cache " . reboot , and check whether the issue is solved now . if none of these two steps brought you any relief , you need to go the " hard way": backup all your apps into single backups ( so you can restore them separate ) , including .apk and data . useful tools for that : adb backup ( see : adb , backup ) and helium backup , or on rooted devices also titanium backup . uninstall apps in reverse order of their installation ( the culprit it is more likely an app you have installed lately , than an app you have installed a year ago ) one-by-one , and after each single uninstall see whether the problem solved . does not hurt to reboot as well ( i.e. . uninstall→reboot→check , next ) . at the point where it starts working again , re-install all apps you have removed ( again one-by-one ) , skipping the last one – as that was most likely causing the issue . if the issue still persists ( or still persisted in safe-mode ) , last resort is a factory-reset . before doing that , make sure your contacts etc . are either synced with your google account , or backed up otherwise ( the apps you have already " secured " with above steps ) . does the issue stay even after this , it is most likely a hardware issue , and you will have to turn in your device for service . if , on the other hand , the factory-reset made it working again , carefully restore from your backups – again one by one , with a reboot in between ( to make sure you do not end up where you have started ) .
if you root the phone , go into Manage Apps and you can disable the dialer , it will remove it from the home page . contacts can also be disabled . there are also numerous ways to put the phone in airplane mode so it is persistent after restart . click image for larger version note : disabling dialer does not disable the emergency dialer , but airplane mode does .
there really is not much control you can do over limiting storage . most likely the data is from the apps using local sqlite databases to store information their apps use . you can pretty much only do these things : move the app to the sd card if you have android 2.2 clear the data cache every now and then ( but it is going to grow again )
as your device supports an external microsd card : take that card , put it into a card-reader ( if you do not have one : now 's the time to buy it ; they come for less than 10 bucks ) , attach the reader to your pc . now , copy the file to the root of the card , safely unmount , then put the card back into your phone . you should be able to flash it then . for what possibly happened : you might have placed the file in the root of the internal sdcard . recovery is looking on the external card .
having " root " just means you have a working su binary installed ( the " su " application is generally just a management front-end for the linux-level binary installed in /system/bin or /system/xbin ) . so , something has gone wrong with the binary , or the way its installed , or its permissions , or its location , or . . . i suspect the apps that still work must have chown'd themselves once at setup time ? so they only need su to work once , and after that they are good to go . if you can connect an adb shell or run an android terminal ( that was just the first play store search hit , i am not endorsing that specific terminal ) , type " su " and see if you get a meaningful error . you can use adb to copy a new su binary over , or just re-"root " the device . see the faq questions here : http://androidsu.com/superuser/faq/
check out this list : proxy , tunnel and co . though it is in german , you already find the relevant apps grouped by their purpose . for vpn , try vpn ( also in german ) . the german language should be no problem concerning mapping apps to the requested topics ( vpn , tunnel , . . . ) , as that part is language-neutral . descriptions can mostly be replaced by those from the play store -- or taken from the linked ( english ) reviews . so basically , all information is there .
at the moment , there is no central spot on your phone to control which notifications show up on your phone and how they behave across apps . for this end , you will need to open up each application and tweak how and when it notifies you about new messages or other events . generally speking , every app has some settings ( or preferences ) that are accessible by the more button . hit the button and a sub-menu of options will pop up , with settings often among them . in most android apps settings , you will find a category for " notification , " " alerts , " or something akin . for the email app that i use for my company emails , it is labelled " notification settings " . find yours and click it ! from the presented screen , you can usually change when and how an app notifies you of whatever it monitors . taking the example of the email app that i am using , i can : un-check the " inbox notifications " entirely to disallow notifications on the status bar . select a ringtone for my incoming email messages . set the phone to vibrate when a new email arrives . with this options you can adjust your app to react the way you intend . note : some system global settings may overwrite your definitions for specific behaviours setup on each app . also some power saving apps like the one i use : easy battery saver have global settings to save battery , included preventing the phone from highlighting or vibrating . i have performed some successful tests using the vodafone huawei u8510 running android os , v2.3 ( gingerbread ) . as far as my knowledge goes , the android 2.2 . x froyo has pretty much the same notification behaviour .
never ever flash android rom without wiping data / cache wipe dalvik cache format system ( optional , but requires for some rom ) always read instructions carefully before flashing any rom / mod and reverify whether its for your phone model only . anyway , as you said you are not able to go to recovery mode , therefore there is no use of having a backup . try to reset your phone , ( ie , press power button for approx 7 - 10 sec ) . if nothing works , follow below instructions : take out the battery . put on the back cover . hold both volume + and volume - while plug in the usb cable to a pc . it will automatically get into ftm mode . then flash generic 2.2 firmware on it . after flashing , it may stuck in the ftm loop . put in the battery and flash again . after 2nd flashing , take out the battery for 10 seconds . then put it back . press and hold both power and volume + to boot into android . i have no experience with zte v9 , so i can not hand on step by step tutorial . hope your phone gets well soon . sources : modaco : zte bricked androidforums : zte unbrick manual
i have since found this link that lists 12 currencies supported by the market . they are : canadian dollar swiss franc danish krone euro british pound hong kong dollar japanese yen norwegian krone new zealand dollar swedish krone singapore dollar us dollar no mention of the australian dollar . presumably an oversight ?
the app smart taskbar will show you a list of the all tasks ( apps ) that are currently running on your device and allow you to switch to that app , similar to the native functionality but you are not limited to the 6 most recent apps . basically it opens from any screen and also lets you set some shortcuts and widgets and choose from all installed apps ( like the app drawer ) so you can complete any task from anywhere on your phone without having to go to the home screen first . there are a bunch of other apps that let you switch between running apps , just search the market for " task switcher . "
i am the developer of locale . to get started , please read this article on our website about toggling 3g which should answer your questions : http://feedback.twofortyfouram.com/forums/5655-locale-feedback/suggestions/67867-3g-support-for-network-setting?ref=title from that article , i think you will find that using apndroid will be the best solution : it is free , has a locale plug-in , and it contains a widget that can be used to manually toggle internet access on the phone .
you can flash supersu from recovery ( cwm or twrp ) to reinstall the su binaries again . you should then either have supersu already installed , or you can install another su app . then install apphider again , grant it root , and then unhide supersu if it is not already showing . i ran into something similar yesterday while applying the ota to a rooted nexus 5 , and this fixed it .
i have found the solution ! ! ! it is an old bug that some people are trailing since android 1.6 , and wich is always not actualy corrected ! the solution : you must have only one apn set in your mobile network configuration .
as it turned out , my " raw guess " was a direct hit -- so to make it easier to find for future " searchers " , i make it an answer as promised : this problem is mostly caused by the fact that something got messed up with the apps ' cache and/or data . so what you should try first is : go to settings &rarr ; apps &rarr ; manage apps select your launcher hit the button labeled " clear cache " if that does not solve the issue , take the same steps -- but in the last step hit the " clear data " button ( note : this will reset the launcher configuration as if you just removed the app and did a fresh re-install ) . if you still had no luck , you could simply uninstall and re-install the launcher ( as long as it is not a system app ) . this will do all the above , but additionally remove ( and on re-install re-create ) the apps dalvik cache . count it as " partial factory reset " . having mentioned the dangerous word : a factory-reset can serve as a " last resort " ( as it cleans the entire device ) -- but you would lose all your data that way , and needed to re-configure everything anew . in case you have to do that ( i do not think it is necessary for your case here ) , take care to have a backup of as much of your data as possible .
as my suggestion in above comment seems to be relevant , i hereby convert it to an answer as promised : it might be that is some " cached info " somewhere . you could try walking your apps ( settings &rarr ; apps &rarr ; manage apps ) for all fitting things ( media player , media scanner , es file explorer . . . ) and delete their caches . check whether that solves the issue . if not , you could try to delete data for media player/scanner at the same place ( at least scanner data should be rebuilt on the next scan ; the player would lose its configured preferences when deleting data ) . keep in mind to check all apps ( not just the downloaded section : the latter only applies to the apps you have installed yourself , while the former also includes system apps ) . when you have cleared cache and data , you library might appear empty at first . this is no bug or problem -- it is just the media scanner needs to rebuild its library . this happens on certain events : after a reboot after a re-mount of the sd card ( e . g . plugging it into your computer via usb , then disconnect it again ) when another app triggers it ( take e.g. a look at sdrescan for this ) .
this suggestion assumes familiarity with connecting to the phone via adb i had a similar situation on my previous phone . i was able to pull the important stuff over adb when the phone was in recovery . in my case i had to mount some of the filesystems to access everything i wanted to retrieve . i am not sure if it is dependent on the phone whether the adb service is available in recovery . on mine it was available in both recovery and download mode . if adb on your computer recognizes and can connect to your phone you should be able to retrieve and save any files you need . if you are not familiar with adb this is a good place to start : http://www.xda-developers.com/android/all-in-one-guide-to-adb/ if you need any help with it let me know , adb is a whole other topic so keeping it simple here .
the enabled=true in this list tells whether the ime 's service is enabled in its manifest ; that is , whether the developer of the ime has allowed it to appear in that list . it has nothing to do with whether it is turned on or off in the settings .
at the suggestion of a forum member elsewhere , i called tmobile and asked them about their new " uncarrier " plan . it is a non-contract , postpaid plan with the exact same pricing and services as my current tmo prepaid plan , but i regain the ability to forward voicemails among other things . you have to submit to a credit check for a possible deposit ( max is only one month 's plan ie $50 ) . so going to the " uncarrier " plan was the solution for me . hope this helps .
as of 28/03/2013 the difference is that with the free version is limited to a total of 10 downloads ( maps , voice packages , etc ) and does not support offline wikipedia content . i know because i tried the free version and then buyed the plus one to be able to download entire european countries . also i think is a really good application for 7 euros .
usually , google play services will always run in the background and if there is an latest release of the play store is available , it would updated automatically . you may enable google auto sync and check whether it works . if not , there may be some problem with google play services . alternatively , try installing the apk from xda .
seems like gandhicam is dead . . .
i am not aware of a full-blown replacement for titanium backup , but there are solutions for the specific functions you are after : recent versions of link2sd can convert user apps to system apps and vice versa ( available on google play ) . switchme offers a solution for switching among multiple user profiles ( available on google play ) . the free version is limited to two profiles and " no security features " .
lie ryan’s answer is probably the ultimate solution but it might be worth trying the less severe clear options first . that is , try the browser clear options in the following order : history , cache , all cookie data , form data and finally passwords . one of those lesser options might just resolve the issue , without having to lose all of your saved passwords .
i finally solved the issue . it was related to my apn . my access point allowed only browsing . i changed it to another access point , and it worked !
launcher is a replacement for the home application ( the app that your phone switches to when you press the home button ) . it is basically the application that lets you switch screens , launch apps , view widgets , etc . other apps offer more home screens than the default , or different toolbars at the bottom of the screen offering different ways to quickly launch applications . these were very popular with the initial moto droid since it was basically the stock android 2.0 os which only had 3 home screens . with android 2.2 and the custom interfaces that handset manufacturers add on , the usefulness of these launcher apps may not be so obvious or necessary .
the following works for me on an htc incredible . hopefully your settings are similar . settings > language and keyboard > touch input > text input > prediction . you should be able to un-check prediction .
here is the ultimate answer : first , on your phone , install a terminal-emulator from android market , then run cat /proc/cpuinfo  which will show you the detailed processor information of your phone ( arm5 in my case ) . afterwards , you need to install an arm5 cross-compiler environment on your linux box ( download ubuntu and virtualbox if you are a windows/mac-freak and do not have a linux box ) , in order to compile native code for your phone . you do this in order to be able to start a privilege escalation attack on your phone . so , next , you need to cross-compile a privilege-escalation attack for arm5 ( htc hero microprocessor ) . for that , use the rageagainstthecage attack made by sebastian krahmer of suse linux berlin ( in binary only ) , reverse-engineered here : http://pastebin.com/fxsgij3n a precompiled version is available here http://cmw.22aaf3.com/common/rageagainstthecage-arm5.zip download the android sdk starter kit from google . install the appropriate android platform sdk ( version 2.1 for me ) . http://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html then , download the superuser ( su ) package : http://cmw.22aaf3.com/common/su-2.3.6.2-efgh.zip put all , the superuser package , the su program , and the rageagainstthecage exploit in the same folder as adb ( a program to connect to your android phone from the android sdk ) . you need to enable usb-debugging , and switch of internet sharing . next , you transmit the file rageagainstthecage . bin to folder /data/local/tmp on your phone ( initially , as normal user , you have write access only to the sdcard and the temp folder , but this is sufficient ) adb push rageagainstthecage.bin /data/local/tmp/  then you start a shell on your phone : adb shell  and change ownership on rageagainstthecage . bin to all chmod 755 /data/local/tmp/rageagainstthecage.bin  next , you start rageagainstthecage on your phone as normal user /data/local/tmp/rageagainstthecage  when the exploit finished , your adb connection should terminate . if it does not type exit adb kill-server adb start-server  now connect again to your phone : adb shell  adb shell now runs with escalated privileges ( root ) . so now , remount the file system so you can write on the system partition . mount -o remount,rw -t yaffs2 /dev/block/mtdblock3 /system exit  now push su and superuser to your phone ( remember , you have write access now ) adb push su /system/xbin/ adb push Superuser.apk /system/app/  and then change ownership on su to all adb shell chmod 4755 /system/xbin/su  next download and install one of all those free tether apps that require you to root your phone . start superuser . now start your tether app . a popup will appear , which will ask you whether you want to grant this app root access . say yes , and check remember . now switch of your phone and restart . when it has restarted , everything is back to normal , no more root privileges . but su is still there and executable for everyone . so , when logged in , start the wifi tether app . since you checked remember in the superuser app , it will use su to switch this application to root , which means it will now run fine , with only the tether app with root privileges : ) next , connect with your linux box to your brand-new working android wifi hotspot . after you are sure it works , do not forget to put access restrictions for the hotspot in place . btw , if you use your escalated privileges to export some apk packages for reverse-engineering , you will notice that android lacks the cp command . you can circumvent that restriction by using cat ( copy-cat ) instead : cat /data/app/superuser.apk &gt;&gt; /sdcard/Downloads/superuser.apk  ; - )
yes . as the samsung galaxy note 2 supports mhl for video output , this is possible ( with a special cable ) if the projector supports mhl input , or with a bigger adaptor if it does not . see my answer on how does mhl work ? for more details .
after months of not being able to debug through adb , i have figured it out . according to this answer on stack overflow , the program EasyTetherUSBEthernet can cause problems with adb . running this in terminal , with a reboot fixed all my problems . sudo kextunload -v /System/Library/Extensions/EasyTetherUSBEthernet.kextv  if you need to use EasyTetherUSBEthernet you can reload it using : sudo kextload -v /System/Library/Extensions/EasyTetherUSBEthernet.kext 
ps : i have just talked to some of my friends and on their phone i disappeared from their favourites list automatically without manually refreshing . i have just received the following answer from whatsapp 's support team : hi there , thanks for confirming your account to be deleted within the whatsapp settings . your phone number has been deactivated and it is scheduled to be deleted within 30 days . therefore , please have your contacts refresh their favorites list so that you no longer appear as a whatsapp user . if you have any other questions or concerns , please feel free to contact us . we would be happy to help ! sad that my friends have to refresh their favourites list manually for me to be deleted . especially when exactly this is described by whatsapp 's faq to be done seemingly automatically when you delete your account : deleting your account will do the following : [ … ] delete you from your friends ' whatsapp favorites lists . [ … ]
please erase the camera data : Settings -&gt; Application -&gt; Camera -&gt; Clear Data 
the theory is that you should not need to know . when the developer publishes an app there is a manifest . xml file that describes the required capabilities . these can be both hardware and firmware related . e.g. you need a minimum android version or you need a specific hardware feature like gps . google play then automatically filters which apps you can see and install based on these requirements . the developer can also impose geographic requirements and potentially carrier requirements as well as disallowing specific devices if they want to . in your case the obvious thing to do is to first check if the developer has a website with any more information . if that is of no help try emailing them the filtering can be tricky and catches developers out . if the developer is at all responsive they should come back to you . it is in their interest to have the app work on as many devices as possible normally , so if there is no good reason for it to be incompatible with your device they should appreciate the opportunity to work out the issue . if there is a valid issue then your question may help prompt them to make the information available on a website or in the description .
as pendant to the udev setup you describe in your question , windows needs a special driver . until recently that meant the manufacturer had to provide one matching to the device ; but luckily we now have the universal android usb driver , which should work for most devices . if that does not work for yours , you need to check with huawei for a specific driver .
could be a bug in the app , but i rarely use the calendar widget . it is also possible that this has been casued by the time change , or that you are in the afternoon . however , you could try erasing all data on the app , and clearing it is cache , then trying again .
one way to prevent this is to create an extra guest profile with help from switchme : get root , install switchme , create an guest profile , protect your profile with an password and enable switchme 's login manager feature . this allows you to recover the tablet by rebooting into your profile and resetting or deleting the guest profile . note that switchme may not work with your rom .
in the syncronisation screen you have to turn synchronisation on global . only if that is on you have checkboxes next to each category inside the google account . you can uncheck the box at contacts then . if the global sync is off you do not have this option . i think it is a bit dangerous the first time you enter that menu , because you have to be sure your internet connection is disconnected . otherwise the first time , when all sync boxes are still on it will start right away to sync everything before you have the chance to disable the sync-box for contacts . if you are offline you can setup everything like you wish and then it is fine .
taking google 's music app as an example ( i would wager most others are implemented similarly ) , there are two distinct parts that constitute the app : the foreground processes and tasks that the user interacts with the background service that actually handles music playback point 2 can be verified in this android developer 's blog post wherein it is stated : music playback runs in a service to allow it to continue operating after the user leaves the music application . this distinction ends up being important when you remove an app from the recent tasks list . as covered in my answer to another question , the following is what happens when you swipe an app out of the list , as stated by android engineer dianne hackborn : actually , removing an entry in recent tasks will kill any background processes that exist for the process . it will not directly causes services to stop , however there is an api for them to find out the task was removed to decide if they want this to mean they should stop . this is so that removing say the recent task of an e-mail app will not cause it to stop checking for e-mail . in this case , that means that the foreground tasks of the music app are being stopped , but the background service ( evidently ) chooses to continue running . this is a product of the way the app is implemented , so you simply will not be able to stop music playback by swiping the app out of the list . instead , you can try the following from the recent apps list ( also covered in the above linked answer ) : if you really want to completely stop an app , you can long press on recent tasks to go to app info , and hit force stop there .
if you are using the terminal app on your device then you do not need to use " adb shell " . you just need to run the " am broadcast -a android . intent . action . screen_on " . i do not know why you would want to run that from your terminal app since the screen would already be on . you need to have usb debugging on if you are trying to connect via the console on your pc to your device . you also need to have the drivers installed if you are using a windows machine .
battery indicator pro or a similar alternative might help . in addition to showing the remaining battery in numbers , it also tries to " guesstimate " the remaining minutes , depending on light/medium/heavy usage .
in a word : no . in order for all applications on the device to have access to a cifs mount , cifs support needs to be compiled into the kernel ( or at least available as a loadable module ) . i have never seen a device that shipped with such a kernel from the manufacturer . does not mean that they do not exist , i just have not seen them . now , for some devices that have been rooted/unlocked and replacement kernels can be compiled , i have seen kernels made with cifs support built in . once you have cifs support in the kernel , you could use an application like mount manager to handle the system-wide mounts . the applications like es file explorer you have seen with cifs support have their own private implementation . they are unable to mount the share into the global namespace such that other apps could take advantage .
i use photowonder for this .
i tried to download the link using chrome for android several times , but it always disappears . like i have been telling myself before , android for chrome is not mature enough and lacking in ( so many ) features . i would suggest installing a 3rd-party browser like dolphin or boat , which are both highly-customizable . i downloaded the mp3 file successfully using boat ( which is my main browser ) , and it appears in my download folder .
wikipedia mentions that this feature exists , but i can not seem to find it in either chrome nor in chrome beta .
no not every android phone does this but it is done in many htc phones . the reason is simple : memory usage . here is the breakdown : when the system is running out of memory , the inbuilt task killer of the system automatically kicks in and checks to see if it can stop an application and recover some ram . htc sense devices employ a launcher that is " heavy " and often uses up a lot of memory so when the task killer sees you are not using your launcher and knows it needs the ram for another app , it kills the launcher . thus , when you hit the home button or quit the app , the launcher has to re-initialize . tips : do not use a task-killer if you dont have a low end device . android already has a built-in one that kills apps and does it safely . using apps such as " advanced taskkiller " actually mess with the way the system kills apps and actually can cause more force closes and system instability in the long run . additionally , the more ram the system has , the more the launcher uses to cache stuff it needs . this is good because the launcher becomes more responsive and fast as its using a cached copy instead of grabbing it all over again . if you clear the cache constantly , it needs to re-cache the items and so it will be less responsive . use a lighter launcher . sense might be good but there are more rock solid and light launchers such as launcher pro that wont experience this problem . you dont need a new phone with more ram . trust me , 1gb of ram is more than enough with the right system . : )
" hboot " mode is something of a misnomer , really , that i usually see when people mean " reboot into your hboot menu " . i think the reason these got conflated to each other is because Fastboot mode activates by default when you land on hboot on most ( possibly all ) htc phones . they do exist separately , though , as devices without an hboot menu can still have a fastboot mode . this is definitely a little confusing , though , since what is really happening is that you are getting rebooted into hboot which is then immediately loading fastboot . you should be able to get to the bootloader 's main screen by selecting Bootloader from the fastboot screen . essentially , though , hboot is just a bootloader , which gives you the ability to chain-boot into several other partitions or modes ( including fasboot ) . i say it is not really a " mode " because it does not really allow for any interaction , it just loads and waits for you to choose something else from the menu ( with one exception , see below ) . hboot also has the ability to install a properly named and signed zip file if placed on the root of your sd card , which it will attempt to do right after the bootloader has fully loaded . this seems to have been designed as a sort of last-ditch reflash method , and used to be a part of several manual rooting methods on htc phones ( which is now largely unnecessary ) . the exact naming convention depends on your device , but they are usually of the form PC[some number]IMG.zip . fastboot mode is the state your device goes into so that it can accept fastboot commands , which largely deal with manually flashing partitions on the device . notably , you can flash unsigned partition images when in fastboot . it is handy for recovery purposes , but also useful for development and generally hacking around ( depending on what you are doing ) . you can read a bit about the details of fastboot here . your " recovery mode " ( or recovery partition ) is different from hboot . it is a separate partition on your device which contains a very basic kernel and gui that can be used to repair and/or restore your system , with the features varying depending on the exact recovery you are using . typically a manufacturer will ship their devices with their own " stock " recovery , but there are many custom ones available which are more robust . there is a related android enthusiasts question which also discusses this .
cyanogenmod roms has a feature that by long pressing the back button you can kill the running process .
of course you can do ota updates manually , without rom manager premium . on the handset open up a browser of your choice and navigate to http://download.cyanogenmod.com/ on the left column , under the " by device " section tap on the codename for your device ( e . g . " passion " for nexus one ) optionally , you can filter the download list by type ( stable vs . nightly ) by tapping on the type right above the list of downloads . tap on the filename to begin download . obviously a wifi connection is recommended because the roms are fairly large , at around 100 mb . once the download completes , reboot into recovery ( clockworkmod , amon-ra , etc . ) perform a nandroid backup , so that you can do a restore in case something goes wrong in subsequent steps . wipe cache and dalvik-cache partitions ( you will need to find the relevant menu entries in whatever recovery image you are using . ) this step is not mandatory , but can help resolve stability issues , so always i perform it . [ edit ] 7 . a . note that if you are upgrading to the same rom ( i.e. . flashing a newer nightly of cyanogenmod ) you do not have to wipe data . this way all of your current apps and settings are retained . only if you change to a different rom altogether ( i.e. . going from cm to a sense port ) would you need to start over by wiping the /data partition . select to flash a zip from sd card from the " download " folder ( could be a different directory , depending on the browser you are using . ) this can take a while , and the progress bar might appear to be stuck , but do not cut power to the phone or you will risk corruption . once the " success " message appears you can move forward . optionally flash an alternate kernel image ( for overclocks , etc . ) reboot your phone . this step will take longer than usual , since the caches are being rebuilt . rom manager premium automates most of these steps so that you do not have to muck around the recovery too much , but you can always to this yourself . it is still over-the-air , since you are not hooking your phone up to a pc to transfer the files . [ edit ] furthermore , you can even automate the notifications of new builds being posted for cyanogenmod via rss feeds . the trick is that the cm download page does not provide its own rss feed , so you have to create your own via one of the free services : get your device 's link ( e . g . http://download.cyanogenmod.com/?type=nightly&amp;device=passion for nexus one nightly builds . ) go to one of the free rss-from-website creation services and create an rss feed for the link above . you might need to tinker with advanced settings to get the listing . for example , i created this rss feed for nexus one nightly builds . subscribe to the newly generated feed in your favorite rss reader ( e . g . google reader use an android rss reader app that has notifications feature ( e . g . newsrob ) and set up a notification for this feed .
i own an og droid and a droid bionic and both phones eventually had similar audio jack problems . on one phone i found the issue to be a wad of dust crammed in the jack which i had to fish out with a [ enter your choice of small pointy tool ] . it could be a result of the internal contact points being pushed back from repeated tension . this would weaken the contact with the audio cable . in your particular case i do not think this is true however . other things you can try : pull the audio cable in and out several times wiggling it and testing it . ( ideally you had want to test it with something that plays audio continuously so you do not have to keep hitting play ) getting a different and potentially better quality audio cable to test with . you can also try resetting to factory default which may help if the problem is software related . ( as long as you have a google account synced with your phone , all your apps will be automatically re-downloaded ) if all else fails , take it back to the phone manufacturer or your phone service provider . they should be able to fix it for a reasonable price . there is the option of trying to fix it yourself but that is not recommended if you are uncomfortable working with small/delicate electronics , not to mention voiding your warranty .
ultimately i plugged the kindle into my macbook instead of my ubuntu machine , and it mounted it just fine . no idea what the issue is with my desktop - all other devices on the hub work fine , switching ports changed nothing , etc etc . if your device will not mount , try it with a different computer . for some reason .
as of the new and current minimalistic text version , it is possible to print the wifi ip and ssid information if you donate to the developer .
i do not know which device you are using ? but normally every android phones people app should support the functionality of at least the basic information ( meaning the emails , because it is android ~ google ~ gmail ) . so are you really sure you can not add at least the email address to your contacts ? as mentioned already by eldarerathis , you should normally even see your contacts online status . maybe you can test it by logging in on your gmail account on a pc . add some email addresses to your contacts via the pc . make your android device synchronize the information you just entered ( settings > accounts and sync > sync all ; or something like that ) . then have a look back at your people app and check if the email addresses are entered . if they are visible on your phone , that probably means that your phone supports this , but you have not found the good way to add this information via your people app . maybe you can search the site of the manufacturer for more information ( or maybe have a look at something like a help or get started app on your phone ) .
no , probably not easily . this so answer points to using ffmpeg via the command line . it offers examples on audio and video conversion . for example : ffmpeg -i /tmp/a.3gp /tmp/a.mp3  this android shell command app is on the market , which could theoretically call ffmpeg , but it looks sketchy weighing in at only 2.5 stars . could be worth a try but it is tough to tell .
if you are running the htc sense ui , then it should already be disabled . otherwise check this blog post for a . zip you can flash to disable it .
any 4-pin 3.5 mm stereo jack should work fine for straight sound but headsets with controls are a little more difficult . many are proprietary . if it claims to be universal it may work but if it is designed for apple or nokia it probably wont . basically , on a 4-pin jack it all depends on which ring the headset maps to which control . i could not find a droid x pinout diagram but i believe motorola uses the standard layout . this site has a pretty comprehensive list of the different pinout mappings and a lot of them are the same but a lot are proprietary . if in doubt , i would look for a set advertised to work with the droid x .
there is no " write-only " permission for access to gmail - it is either " read-only " or " full access " , meaning that the app in question will be able to both create and delete messages from your account . however , i would guess that adding and deleting mails are two very different things from a programming standpoint , so you should be ok :- ) !
most updates will not erase your data . the kernel and /system partition can usually be updated without the filesystem needing to be wiped , so your data folders are not damaged . if the wifi network data is not erased , then your phone should connect to wifi after the upgrade , and you are good to go . i can not find any info on what happens when upgrading to rc33 , for example , but official updates usually do not wipe data . the update might also eliminate the no-sim-so-you-can not-do-anything problem .
i would make sure that he is done something with calendar through the web interface , such as add a custom calendar , and then try to add the account to the phone again . to do this you need to clear the data for all google apps -- accounts and sync , gmail , google framework services , etc . -- and then re-add the account . i do not believe this is evo-specific , it seems sometimes google just does not correctly link the accounts sometimes ( for example , this question has the same problem except for picasa : " sync picasa web albums " option not there ) .
make sure you are using the latest samsung drivers . uninstall all previous samsung drivers , and try to use a lower windows version like w7 . w8.1 is still full of weirdness , especially when mixing 32bit and 64bit software .
there are a number of factors that determine if a video will play on android : it has to be the correct codec - see this list it has to either be small enough to download entirely before playing or be encoded in a form that allows streaming . chances are the problem you are seeing is that the codec the videos are encoded in is not supported , so yes , re-encoding with ffmpeg or mencoder or something similar into one of the supported video codecs may well work . to enable streaming , if you first encode it as an mp4 file then pass it through something like mp4box it will tag it for streaming so yuo can play longer video clips on android .
no drivers are needed for adb devices in linux . the adb binary uses libusb to access the device . all you need to do is add device 's usb vendor id to ~/.android/adb_usb.ini
here 's how i did it : go into camera as if you were taking a picture go into settings ( gear ) on top left scroll down to storage change to memory card
you can use handcent app as the default ringtone picker . to set handcent as default ringtone picker , go to settings | applications | manage applications | all | android system ( sound picker for se phones ) click ' clear defaults ' button . after this , when you are choosing a ringtone , you will be presented with a dialog box asking you to select one of the application as ringtone picker . enable the ' use by default for this action ' check-box and select handcent . this will set handcent as your default ringtone picker .
your question made me try to use the same configuration . solution generate your key pair in openssh key file format , i used my linux workstation :  ssh-keygen -t rsa -C "KEYNAME"  ( i left passphrase empty but i think it will work with it too , add the public key to your host :  cat ~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub &gt;&gt; ~/.ssh/authorized_keys  ( assuming that is the same machine you want to connect to ) copy private key id_rsa to your phone and use that one . : ) i found the clue on logcat :  W/System.err(27250): com.jcraft.jsch.JSchException: invalid privatekey: /sdcard/key.ppk  and this answer brought me in the right direction . how to copy private key from connectbot export workaround only private keys without passphrase can be copied , so you can change password and set it empty , this key is not compatible with es file explorer .
i was in contact with sony support , and the problem was in the initial import ( or sync ) from google contacts . something was corrupted , even though no corruption was visible . i got this fixed by : exporting the contacts from google contacts deleting the contacts from the phone importing the contacts to google contacts syncing the contacts from Settings -&gt; Accounts -&gt; Google -&gt; &lt;my Google account&gt; -&gt; Menu -&gt; Sync now ( optional ) removing haxsync from accounts ( or other additional contact syncs ) ( optional ) adding haxsync account after this all contacts were included in the search .
not with the gmail app that comes with the phone , no . but , if you really wanted this , you could do it like so : create a new gmail account , like emailsfrommyfriendjohnsmith@gmail.com. setup the new gmail account in your android phone , and enable notifications . in the gmail web interface , set up a filter in your current gmail account that has all email from your friend forwarded to the new email address . ( you will still see these emails in your regular inbox . ) voila !
the youtube video refers to an xda page as shown below : that xda page gives further details about the cm9 rom , gapps and instructions . your lg p690 's hardware seems to be a close match to my lg p500 . so , if you are not satisfied with the rom mentioned , you can give a shot with lgp500 's rom - the chances of getting it working in your p690 is good . please search this site for details on knowing from where to download rom for p500 .
apparently this functionality lays on the keyboard . i would and old version of swype ( which came installed ) . after rooting , i followed this instructions to update swype and now i get this functionality back . good luck to everyone !
buy it on the amazon android app store . they are matching the prices of the android market and its lets you download it . just gives you a warning that you may be purchasing a game that does not work with your device . and , as of today ( 12/11 ) its still $ . 10
you sure can ! sony introduced this in 4.2.2 . for the sony-xperia-z sony have introduced native dualshock 3 support this software functionality was spied in the upcoming sony xperia sp ( c530x ) settings menu ( settings > xperia ) . from here you will find a ‘dualshock 3 wireless controller’ menu option . you then need to connect the controller to your phone via an usb-otg cable . once this is done , you can remove the cable and the phone and controller will now be connected via bluetooth . here is a youtube guide on just this wirelessly : 3g uk also have a guide posted on how to do this using usb otg , and here is an extract : how do you connect the dualshock controller ? connecting your controller to your sony xperia devices does not involve rooting your device or anything complex . however , there are some things you will need two things before you can begin : •usb otg ( on the go ) adapter - an inexpensive cable which enables you to connect usb devices to your sony xperia device ( £2.68 on amazon ) . •the charging cable that came with your ps3 dualshock controller then follow the 4 simple steps below : step 1 - connect the " charging cable " to your ps3 dualshock controller and plug the other end into the usb otg adapter . step 2 - plug the usb otg cable into the micro-usb port on your sony xperia smartphone/tablet . step 3 - open up " settings " on your xperia device and navigate to the " xperia " menu ( listed under the device section ) step 4 - select the " dualshock wireless controller " app and follow the on-screen prompts . this artilce is for the coders and programmers and has details on how to implement in your own game . not exactly what you asked , but may be of interest to some !
this app cleaners a lot of the cache http://www.appbrain.com/app/android-assistant(14-features)/com.advancedprocessmanager# although does not automatically detected unneeded files it will let you delete them manually .
you are running sense that comes with these " extra " " sense like experience " apps . you are right , you cannot remove them by normal means . if you go to manage applications and select each htc app ( peep , facebook for htc sense ) you will not be given the option to uninstall them or delete them . if you do root your phone , you will be able to uninstall them via either adb or flashing some zips . you will not be able to just uninstall them the normal way once rooted . removing peep can possibly disrupt some htc widgets but you can still access twitter via the twitter app or other apps such as plume , tweetdeck etc . same thing for facebook/facebook for htc sense . friend stream is another htc app that integrates other social apps . users report different compatibility issues between friend stream and versions of the social apps . it does allow login with any version of facebook/twitter/flickr .
regarding your first 2 questions ( reboot / suspend ) : no this is not normal , however , as a lot of software from a lot of different vendors are running on your phone , it is inevitable that under certain conditions certain apps can cause your phone to " crash " . in an ideal world , no piece of software should be able to crash the underlying os and the phone , however , most likely , difficult to reproduce bugs with the underlying android os can lead to phone reboots . regarding the lag . there is a known issue with the samsung galaxy s and the " lagging " . checkout the links below for more info on the actual issue , and some fixes ( all require rooting your phone unfortunately ) . updating the android version to > 2.1 does not seem to resolve the issue . samsung is aware of this issue , but does not seem to have any plans in fixing it ( probably focusing on their new flagship phone ) . it is an outrage that users need to resort to all kinds of hacks on their 500$ phone to get it running properly . http://crave.cnet.co.uk/mobiles/how-to-speed-up-your-samsung-galaxy-s-with-the-voodoo-lag-fix-50002228/ http://www.groovypost.com/howto/mobile/most-common-lag-fixes-for-samsung-galaxy-s-captivate-vibrant-fascinate-epic-4g/
android does not have a default memo application , but most android app stores their database in /data/data/PACKAGE_NAME/databases/ . some applications write their data to the sdcard instead , so you might want to check that as well .
you can delete your whatsapp account through the following steps . open whatsapp . press the [ menu button ] => settings => account => [ delete my account ] . enter your phone number in the full international format and tap [ delete my account ] . please keep in mind that deleting your account is an irreversible process , we cannot undo a deletion if you complete the process by accident . goto whatsapp faq for more infomation
the official sony page says it has flash preinstalled ( look on the " in business " tab , " fast and full internet " section ) . the xperia mini pro meets the specs for adobe air , so i see no reason to believe you could not download air as well .
you can use an app like wavepad audio editing app . it is said to have the ability to work with multiple audio files . if you do not mind adverts , there is a free version for this software as well .
although some have reported it as a bug , apparently the away status only appears after 10 minutes of idle time ( defined as no use and the screen shutting off ) .
technically , ics can be put in samsung galaxy y duos s6102b . unfortunately , a ready-made rom featuring ics for the device is not available yet . so , unless you are a rom cooker and developer , you can not do this .
you are going to need to install a sense-based rom . cyanogenmod is basically a customized build of the android open source project ( aosp ) code , which is released in source form by google . they use only open source components , and sense is a proprietary , closed source ui made by htc . installing a rom with sense is very easy , though . the procedure will be just like flashing cm - boot into recovery and flash a . zip file with the rom that you want ( alternatively , install via rom manager , whatever you prefer ) . there are custom sense roms as well as " stock " rooted roms floating around . the xda boards have a handful of each . you can find a rooted stock rom here , though , if you are looking to go back to the original system as provided by htc ( but retaining root ) . edit : i answered this under the assumption that you have no backups to work with , but if you used clockworkmod to create a backup of your system before installing cm7 ( which is highly advised for any future readers out there ! ) , you can restore that backup and . . . well , be back where you were on a stock rooted system . after all , that is the point of the backup !
the main difference that i can see is the type of accounts that are supported : the gmail app is limited to accounts from google : username@gmail.com read and respond to your conversations online and offline manage multiple accounts view and save attachments set up label notifications email app : username@your_domain.com the main feature is that it works with all email providers , but its a very basic app , you can send and receive emails , but no search capabilities present .
in ics , it is up to the application . you will have to check the settings for each individual app and see if they allow you to control what shows up in your notification bar . unfortunately , there is no way to control this through android itself . . . however , note that in jelly bean , the ability to monitor and control which apps display notifications is integrated into the app settings options . see below :
you will need to root your phone with unrevoked and remove the cdrom . iso file located in /system/etc/ that is the only way to prevent that . the neat upside is that once you have rooted , you can replace that cdrom . iso with any other iso you had like to auto-mount .
the short answer is that managed items are items that can only be purchased once per user and that google play keeps track of their purchase , unmanaged items are not tracked by google play and they can be purchased multiple times . a fuller description is given in google 's in-app billing version 2 : managed per user account — items that can be purchased only once per user account on google play . when a user purchases an item that uses the " managed per user account " product type , google play permanently stores the transaction information for each item on a per-user basis . this enables you to later query google play to restore the state of the items a specific user has purchased . if a user attempts to purchase a managed item that has already been purchased , google play prevents the user from purchasing the item again and displays an " item already purchased " error . the " managed " product type is useful if you are selling items such as game levels or application features . these items are not transient and usually need to be restored whenever a user reinstalls your application , wipes the data on their device , or installs your application on a new device . unmanaged — items that do not have their transaction information stored on google play . this means that you cannot later query google play to retrieve transaction information for those items . for " unmanaged " purchases , you are responsible for managing the transaction information . also , google play does not attempt to prevent the user from purchasing an item multiple times if it uses the " unmanaged " product type . it is up to you to control how many times an unmanaged item can be purchased . the " unmanaged " product type is useful if you are selling consumable items , such as fuel or magic spells . these items are consumed within your application and are usually purchased multiple times . note that only version 2 of the in-app billing deals with both managed and unmanaged , version 3 only deals with the managed in-app product type .
i had this issue - it is not that a fix does not come , it is just that it is taking a very long time to get a fix . this is due to the lack of the downloaded agps data - it can not download the data , and so has to rely on solely gps satellited , which takes ages . if you have been disconnected from the internet for a while , then you will suffer from these effects . agps data is cached for a few days , or when you change location , so if you just disconnected , gps should work for a while afterwards . ( you should also check to make sure that the google system is enabled for location use )
from this post , it seems that only very specific conditions seem to trigger this bug . also , afaik , this only seems to affect the default messaging app , using a replacement like handcent seems to be the way to go . more info on the bug here . specifically , there is something about certain email-to-sms messages that corrupts android 's sqlite database , causing unpredictable results thereafter . the most commonly cited offender is alerts sent by bank of america , though sms alerts sent by linkedin and t-mobile are also cited . it is possible that any sms where the sender is an email address will do the trick , or it is possible there is something else these specific senders ' messages have in common . to be clear : if you have never received one of these corrupting messages , you will never be able to reproduce the bug . that is why it is only affecting a small group of android users . if you have fallen prey to the issue , you should be able to fix it by performing a hard reset ( wiping all data ) and then blocking the offending sender ( s ) from sending you texts in the future .
now , the only option you have : flash rom over usb using odin ( if you have windows pc ) . you can find firmware files for your device on internet ( look xda forum ) .
i believe you backed up from recovery , correct ? if that is the case , then the backup should contain everything that was on your phone before the backup -- apps , saved games , etc . so restoring the backup should have restored angry birds and its save data , as long as that was present before the backup . titanium can back up the app , the app 's data , or both . it does require root . non-root users have to deal with recovery backups , which are not as flexible since you can not restore only bits and pieces -- it is all or nothing . of course , the sd card is easy to back up ( plug it into a computer ) and some apps may allow you to export data . you had have to ask rovio why they chose not to use a database , but i would guess it is because the save data is so simple . if you open the file it is almost human-readable text . even easier to back up than a database .
by workspace you mean homescreen ? you could try a custom launcher , like apex or nova , which allow you to backup your homescreens .
installing wifi keyboard as suggested by gathrawn made input much easier .
based on what i have read so far , this may be a bluetooth issue . some people have fixed the issue by : using only 1 bt device . if you have connected both a bt keyboard and bt mouse , disable one of them . disabling wi-fi . having both wi-fi and bt seems to trigger a repeating key issue . using external keyboard helper pro . it has a do not repeat option . link to app . at the end of the thread , it mentions that bt was re-engineered in android 4.2 . so if you upgrade to 4.2 , that should fix the issues you are having .
eduardo you are right , there is already a way to do this with the standard messaging app . you have to disable the " group messaging " setting in the messaging app . not sure if this setting is available on all versions of android but i have v4.4.2
no im sorry , but chrome for android needs hardware acceleration , so until google change that ( i dont think thats gonna happen sorry ) you can not do that . but maybe in the future . sorry , i know it was not the answer you really wants to hear . . .
there should have been a warning when you begin the encryption that you had to agree to . the only way to unencrypt it is to perform a factory reset , thereby wiping your data partition completely .
looking through the hyperdrive rom page for note 3 at xda , power menu toggle can be adjusted by the following steps . open the application Hyperdrive Tweaks included in the rom . in the app goto General Mods &gt; Extended Power Menu select the options you want for power menu toggles viz ( shut down / restart / recovery etc ) . however , i cannot find out where to disable the volume settings control from the power button , my assumption would be under audio mods of hyperdrive tweaks . reading further down in the thread , few have mentioned that enabling the power toggle in the hyperdrive tweaks app should override the current volume control toggle behaviour by power button ( long press ) .
phone schedule
yes , it has a magnetic sensor / digital compass .
best answer i have found so far : you could try clearing all data from the keyboard . Menu&gt;Settings&gt;Applications&gt;Running Applications then tap All . scroll down and find Internation Keyboard ( if thats the one you are using ) and Clear Data . source : sony ericsson support forum of course , it will also set the keyboard to the original settings . anyway , i would like to find a way to remove some misspellings and not all the learned words , so if somebody knows how to do it , i will be glad to hear from it .
some htc devices that are unlocked using htc-dev ( rather than actually gaining s-off ) required to manually flash the boot . img that you extract from the rom 's zip using fastboot . fastboot flash boot "c:\location\to\boot.img" 
there is a thread on google groups that covers this issue . by the answer provided by analikeslattes , this is being considered and possible prepared by google staff since 5/1/12: android instant upload to drive hi all , thanks for your input . we have heard many requests along these lines , and are definitely looking into potential solutions on our end . i will do my best to keep this forum updated once relevant features start to become available . in the meantime , please keep posting your requests about the drive android app ! we are always excited to hear from our users . cheers , ana as far as i can tell , this is not yet implemented and a year has passed . since both applications are from google and they alone can take the necessary steps to have this feature implemented properly , i would suggest to you and any interested person to visit the thread and leave the " feature-wish " there . app suggestion while it would be great to have a native solution for this problem , oliver salzburg commented on my post at google+ about this issue refering the app suggested bellow , that i have just now tested and is working beautifully sending all of my files to my desired destination on the google drive . foldersync lite foldersync is a application that enables simple sync to cloud based storage to and from local folders on the device memory card . it currently support multiple skydrive , dropbox , sugarsync , ubuntu one , box .net, livedrive , hidrive , google docs , netdocuments , amazon s3 , ftp , ftps , sftp , webdav or windows share ( samba/cifs ) accounts , and support for more platforms are planned . you do not need more than 5 minutes to complete the 3 basic steps : add your google drive account add a folderpair start the sync process
that sounds like a bad sd card . insist doing that over and over again , with sound files and movie files as well .
353mb is probably too little for a proper 4.1+ experience . besides this , there is no generic android installation media , each device needs its firmware tailored and adapted by the manufacturer . if the manufacturer has put it end-of-life , you are hosed unless you find someone who ported it or you port it yourself .
so i tried to "Clear Data" , instead of just "Clear Cache" in the google service framework ( and forced stop ) . i then ran the checkin again ( dial *#*#2432546#*#* in the phone app ) , and now i am being shown the new Android 4.3 System Update .
there is no limit . from google support : downloading previously purchased and downloaded apps when you download a paid or free app on google play , the app is connected to your google account , meaning that you get several benefits : if you get a new device , remove an app to free up space , or reset your device , you can reinstall the app without purchasing it again . if you have multiple devices , you can install the app on all of your devices without purchasing the app again . you can quickly find free or paid apps that you previously downloaded .
i completely forgot about the adb_usb . ini file in the \USER_NAME\.android folder . added 0x0C2E to the bottom , restarted adb and all is good . so , full instructions : get device hardware ids from device manager in the form of USB\VID_1234&amp;PID_5678&amp;MI_90 enable driver : open file \android-sdks\extras\google\usb_driver\android_winusb.inf add under both [Google.NTx86] [Google.NTamd64]  save and close . installing drive : find device in device manager and update driver . choose browse let me pick have disk browse select \android-sdks\extras\google\usb_driver\android_winusb.inf ok choose Android Composite ADB Inerface next accept unsigned warning if shown . for windows 8 you may need to enable the installation of unsigned drivers , just google it . update adb : open file \USE_NAME\.android\adb_usb.ini add to the bottom 0x1234 ( this is the vid part with the 0x identifying it as hexadecimal ) save and close restart the adb by either eclipse : show the Devices view click the facing down triangle in the top right corner of the view click reset adb command prompt : open command prompt cd to your \android-sdks\platform-tools\ folder run adb kill-server run adb start-server all done .
i should have identified that this problem only occurs when mounting the media remotely using cifsmanager . better late than never , i suppose . the solution is to pass a parameter using the options field : iocharset=utf8 . the parameter tells the cifs module to use utf8 as the character set when it mounts the samba share . this may become unnecessary in the future , as it would make sense to have this set by default in the first place .
you can check the changelog and comments on the market for information , quite many apps have recently been updated to be ics compatible and there is usually a mention of this in the changelog . also , if the app is not compatible , there is usually a comment about this . in my experience , almost all of the apps i use are compatible with ics or have been updated . some may not have all the compatibility features such as the new menu style , but ics is backwards compatible with the old style too . edit : developers can also specify the parameter android:maxsdkversion in their androidmanifest . xml which restricts the application from running ( and afaik also from showing up in the market ) on newer platforms . i have not published any apps in the market so i am not sure if there are separate settings in there to restrict the apps from installing on higher version platforms . you can try to check the androidmanifest . xml of your apps by using android-apktool , but this requires you to know how to get the . apk files to your pc .
apps can store data in both places , but the sd card has a fat filesystem which does not support file permissions . this means that a malicious app could erase or change app data very easily if the data was on the sd card . as well , you can swap sd cards or format your card , and then the app would have " forgotten " all its settings and lost all the other data . so it is a very good idea to put app data in the phone storage , where android can manage access to the data and protect it .
the disk usage application can show you all this information in a nice graphical format , allowing you to explore the space taken up by applications in your phone memory , or the space taken up by files on your sd card . app2sd will also display information for all apps , although it does not split the space into segments based on app/data/cache like disk usage does . however , it will allow you to move all apps that you can to the sd card from the phone memory , and provides an easy way to see all the apps installed on the phone , and one click access to the main application settings to uninstall applications .
it will not make a noticeable difference . the gps receiver has to be powered up continuously either way , but the receiver itself is not a huge part of the battery use of most location-based apps . in general , this kind of app can be a battery drain because it is running , computing data , and saving data continuously . for example , if it is saving a log of your route , it has to get the gps locations , filter and process those locations , and save them to the storage , continuously . all the time it is doing this , the phone 's cpu is still running at high power , when normally it would be asleep ( in a low-power state ) in your bag or pocket . the difference between how much other work the two apps are doing , and how efficient they are at that , is going to dwarf any difference caused by location sampling rates . in fact the difference between the apps themselves might even be more than the total power consumption of the gps receiver .
i would been using tasker , but it was really difficult and worked to maintaining the profiles . i found phoneweaver . much simpler !
you describe the options displayed with a word highlighted including " share " . behind this item hides an entire menu , the so-called " share menu " , where many apps plug themselves in as receivers for compatible content . a highlighted word might serve as such content for several things -- e.g. a web search ( so google search could pick it ) , send by mail/sms , or -- the interesting part here -- some dictionary/translator app . while i would suspect google search could cover that as well , i want to give you another interesting idea : colordict dictionary wikipedia is an app that can be used for online and offline " word lookup " in dictionaries , be it translation , synonyms , or definitions . the app supports a bunch of dictionaries for offline use , as well as several online dictionaries and , the name suggests it , wikipedia . if it integrates with the " share menu " ( which i guess it does ) , this would make the perfect candidate for you : colordict ( source : google play ; click images for larger variants )
let 's talk about sets , baby android 's backup service has a concept called a set : the set of all data backed-up from one device ( on one transport , but that is a detail ) . each set is identified by a unique string , such as the imei on the device . when an app ( or the list of installed apps ) is backed up , its backup data go into the set associated with the device it is being backed up from . all the sets are still specific to the user 's google account . if you wipe your device and sell it to someone else , he will not be able to access that device 's set unless he can log into your google account . default behaviour when an app is installed , or a device has its list of apps restored , the backup system first looks in that device 's set for backup data for that package . if it does not find any ( either because it is a completely new device with no backed-up data , or because that package has never been installed on that device ) , it'll expand the search to other sets . ( if there is a choice , it'll use the last set that was used for a full-device restore . ) thus , when you set up a new device , it'll restore the list of apps from an old device 's backup , and restore each app from the old device 's backup . if you had an app installed on one device and you install it on another device , the app will be restored with its data from the old device . in either case , the data are now backed up into the new device 's set , which means that the backup data from the two devices are separate from now on . after you factory-reset a device , it'll restore from that device 's last backup if there is one , and failing that , from some other device 's backup if there is one , but it will start to create its own set from then on . that is why nalum 's two devices do not see each others ' backed-up apps : they are each restoring from their own last backups . source this mechanism does not have any user-facing documentation , since it is supposed to automatically do the right thing , but the code is available . bmgr: basic use as izzy found , the bmgr tool gives you some control over this process . it is intended as an aid for programmers to help test and debug the backup integration in their apps . you can use this tool in an adb shell to trigger backups and restores of chosen packages , wipe packages ' backed-up data , and even a whole-device restore . do not try to use it in an on-device shell except as root : you need the system-level android.permission.BACKUP to do anything interesting with it . you can make an app update its backed-up data immediately : bmgr backup com.shadowburst.showr bmgr run  ( or whatever the app 's package name is ) . there is not normally any need to do this , as apps request their own backups whenever their data changes , but this lets you work around a badly-written app . to restore one package from the backed-up data it would choose by default : bmgr restore com.shadowburst.showr  but again , this will only do what the device would do on its own , so you should not need to use it . note also that the device already needs to be installed to make this work . more control now for the stuff that the backup system will not do on its on . to see what sets of backed-up data are available : bmgr list sets  and you will get some output like this :  3ff7800e963f25c5 : manta 3f0e5c90a412cca7 : manta 3dd65924a70e14c8 : TF101 3baa67e9ce029355 : m0  the 64-bit hex number on the left is a token . you will need this in a minute . the thing on the right is a ( relatively ) friendly name for the device that owns the set . for example , manta is the code name for the nexus-10 ; tf-101 refers to the original asus-eee-pad-transformer . once you have figured out which set you want , you can restore an app from that set using its token : bmgr restore 3ff7800e963f25c5 com.shadowburst.showr  you can add more package names to the end of the command to restore several packages at once , or you can specify no package name ( just the token ) to restore every app with data in that set ( that is , it does a full-system restore ) . finally , you can wipe an app 's data from the current set : bmgr wipe com.shadowburst.showr  this will make its next backup operation start from scratch . this might be useful after uninstalling an app , if an error in the app corrupted its backup data and you do not want it restored . you can not make a device start writing into a different set , nor can you wipe a whole set .
btep has a " using better terminal emulator pro " page on their wiki which explains most of the special shortcuts and keys . the basic breakdown of what you are looking for is : for directional input : either use a keyboard that supports this or use btep 's virtual direction pad feature . you can access it by tapping the screen when the keyboard is visible , long-pressing the screen when it is not , or pressing the search button . the cursor should change to a &gt; character to indicate you are in vdp mode , and you can swipe your directional input ( i.e. . swipe up for the up key ) . for esc : this is usually mapped by default to the volume up key , but you can remap it to any of the available programmable shortcut keys . you can also press the search button then press [ , since search is mapped to the control character on devices that lack a trackball or dpad ( as well as activating vdp mode ) and ^[ ( ctrl- [ ) is the esc character .
is the following settings enabled in settings -> account and sync : bakcground data , auto-sync ' sync gmail ' inside your email account
it is hard to see it in normal light , you may need to take your phone under a very bright light to be able to see it ( e . g bulb light or straight sunlight ) . it looks like a darker and smaller front face camera . if gsmarena has said that it has light sensors , then in my experience , its near 100% correct . btw , if you can not bring light sensor to work , there is a free software called lux auto brightness which does the job very nice and has many options .
thanks to t0mm13m 's comments : the keyword is nitz - that is where it comes from . certain roms fail to handle it , others do . if it fails , can always fallback on a ntp app like clocksync ( this requires root btw ) : )
yes , it is . when you first boot the device , it asks for your google account . just select the option " i do not have a google account " and then the option that says you do not want to create one . note that you can not use some google services like play store which require a google account .
what happens to existing files when flashing a new rom very much depends of the location in question : your sdcard ( internal or external ) is not touched at all , apart from the fact you are placing the update.zip for flashing there . your internal storage ( /data and /cache ) is neither touched by the flashing process itself . but when switching between different roms , it is recommended to wipe these two to avoid complications some other locations are usually wiped and rewritten . this includes for sure /system , and in most cases also /boot i know of no case where files are " hidden " . either the entire partition is not touched at all , or it is wiped . it might be that on some partitions files are simply overwritten , though i have never heard of such a case either .
i have used mortplayer and it supports chapters , multiple bookmarks and remembers your place . as far as chapters go , it depends on how the audio book is setup , most mp3 audio books save each chapter as a different track and that works just fine . also , it is free . while i have not tried it , it is my understanding that ambling book player pro is the cats meow of audio book players , although it costs $9 . i do not really listen to audio books much anymore ( too many podcasts to keep up with ) and i use beyondpod for my economist podcasts . it remembers the last place you were listening but it does not let you set bookmarks .
what are you putting in for the package name that it does not like ? beginner mode vs non-beginner mode should not matter . package name has to have at least one . in it to be valid . usually you can just use your email backwards along with a unique name for the app . say your email is someone@gmail . com and you are trying to export an app you want to call myapp . the package name could be com . gmail . someone . myapp .
as long as you did not turn these features off , simply tying your google account to a new phone will restore : backed up installed apps wifi settings bluetooth settings purchased apps not backed up preferences settings texts application data to answer your second question : the nandroid restore should work on an identical phone . however , this will not work for a different phone unless you only copied data in the backup . any system data will cause problems on a non-identical device .
the samsung captivate 's speaker can work its way loose , usually after the phone takes a hard knock ( like being dropped ) . in most cases you can fix it yourself by opening the back and pressing hard on the speaker with your thumb . you should probably power the phone off to do this .
my desire always did this , i have no idea what caused it , i always just ripped the battery out , it did not seem to do any harm . upgrading to froyo fixed the problem for me .
use either of these : busybox busybox pro ( paid ) note this comment in the description : please note i did not write busybox ! i wrote this installer and cross compiled busybox for android . please see the about menu option for more details or here : www.busybox.net if you are installing a custom rom , it might have busybox already ( but usually not pro ) .
yes . you will use it as a regular phone , but will be disconnected from the networks ( facebook , twitter , ims , sync , etc ) yes . you can access your calendar offline . and yes , you can sync when wi-fi is available . yes , you just disable data traffic .
the best option ( albeit a rather pricey one ) appears to be the icontrolpad . it was originally designed for use with an iphone but now uses bluetooth to communicate with all bluetooth-enabled devices . it sounds like developers plan on supporting it , but i am not sure how well it will work with current games . edit : i recently became aware of another bluetooth gamepad that caters specifically to smartphones . it is called the bluetooth game gripper . there is an andoinica article about it here , and the kickstarter project is here . however , it does not appear that the maker has garnered enough vc to get the project off the ground , so i am not sure of the current status .
from the google+ app , select Settings -&gt; Instant Upload and press the Upload all item , it will just upload any photos that have not already been uploaded . as noted in the comments , you can also share individual photos in your album via google+ .
only the paid apps you have purchased will be listed under the " not installed " category indefinitely . i believe it takes a few hours ( or sometimes days ) for the market app to sync with google servers to refresh the list of installed apps .
not free , but you probably can use tasker to do this . i use pocket casts to listen to podcasts , and have a tasker profile set up : 3 contexts : shake left-right ; app pocket cast running ; not docked car 2 tasks : notify ( turn led on , title " sleep" ) ; wait 12 minutes , then pause simulate media button , then notify cancel title " sleep " net effect is that i can shake the phone left then right , and pocket cast will behave as if the pause button on a headset were pushed 12 minutes later . i used the notification led so i could tell whether sleep had been activated when the screen is off . i am guessing pandora would observe the headphone pause function ; if it does , this profile should work for you .
i just found an app from the same developer that does what i wanted for buildings smart measure
tl ; dr version : just use the gps . long version : turn on wifi positioning ( "location and security > use wireless network" ) , turn on gps ( "location and security > use wireless network" ) , use google maps ( or other gps applications ) , then walk/drive around your city . when you turn on both of these services , before the gps acquires a " fix " , android will send the wifi 's mac/ssid and cell tower base stations cid/lac around you to google 's server and google 's server will send back your location information ; after the gps acquires a " fix " , your device will send the wifi mac/ssid , cell tower cid/lac , and your gps location to google 's server and google 's server will collect this information to refine their own wifi database . note : i believe the device could also be sending other data , like signal strength and possibly ping latency ; but i am not sure about the specifics of these . also from google 's support forum : by christopher ( google employee ) if your location is being incorrectly detected by a google maps or latitude using google 's cell id ( cell tower ) or wifi ( wireless network ) location database , you can help provide updated info to correct google 's database using google maps for mobile . at this time , you cannot provide individual updates to google 's location databases , though they are being updated and improved constantly over time . open google maps on an android 2.0+ , windows mobile , or symbian s60 phone and enable gps . while maps is simultaneously connected to a gps satellite and a cell tower or wifi router , you will be providing updated anonymous geographic data for the cell tower or wifi router to which you are connected . please note that this data is anonymous and may require a significant amount of data from you and other users before changes are made to google 's location database . android : you must enable settings > location and security > use wireless networks and have previously given consent for anonymous location data collection . you can check if you have given consent by un-checking and re-checking the ' use wireless networks ' setting .
there are several things to check out . walk the list until your problem is resolved -- then skip all following : make sure the sim was inserted correctly ( it easily happens to insert it the wrong way round ) does the same sim work in other phones ? yes : sim should be ok , phone probably " borked " no : sim " borked " . ask your provider for a replacement ( done . ) do other sims which work in other phones work in yours ? yes : very strange . check with your provider to send you a replacement sim : it is rare , but sometimes there can be incompatibilities ( especially with older sims and newer phones ) . no : pretty sure your phone is broken . hand it in to service . some indicators to watch during the process , as they might prove helpful to service ( and for combinations not covered above ) : do you see a signal in the status bar ? are there any sim errors displayed ? these two are pointing to an answer whether a sim was detected at all . the phone should display a special symbol in the notification error if no sim is found , and usually asks the user to insert one .
i do not know how to get it by the adb command . but you can get it programmably with the sdk . there is a class build which have many information of the current running phone , such as you wanted model number can be got by the build . model .
with most ota updates someone inevitably pulls the raw . zip file off some server and posts it online for others to use before they get the official ota notice on their phones . if your phone is currently on build number grh78 then download this . zip file . if your phone is currently on grh78c then download this . zip file . rename it update.zip and place it in the root folder of your sdcard . shut your phone off . hold down the volume up and power buttons at the same time to access the bootloader . use the volume keys to navigate to recovery . press the power button to select it . you should see a triangle with an exclamation point in it . hold down the power button and tap the volume up button to access the recovery menu . use the volume keys to navigate to apply update from /sdcard , select it with the power button , choose update.zip and press the power button to start the update . when the update is complete , reboot your phone . ( these instructions were taken mostly from http://www.intomobile.com/2011/02/24/how-to-manually-update-your-nexus-s-to-android-2-3-3/ except for the download links . i do not own a nexus s and have not tested this personally . if these instructions look incorrect to you [ or anyone else ! ] do not use them . if at any step during the update process the instructions do not line up with what you see , you should stop proceeding and use menu options to back as far out as you can from the menus . i am not responsible for anything that happens to your phone , good or bad . )
copy and paste from contacts app to messaging app should just work without any problem , i have used it a few times before to copy lines from addresses , emails and that sort of thing into an sms . are you sure you long-pressed long enough in the sms message to get the input menu up with the Paste option on it ? or that you copied it properly in the first place ? copying data from a contact is most easily done by Editing the contact , then long-pressing on the field you are interested until the input menu comes up with the Copy All option .
yes this is possible . power adapter can be plugged into tablet or dock . it is possible to charge the tablet from the dock while the dock is being charged , remove the tablet , use tablet , return to dock for charging . hope this helps pete
try this : setting > data usage > ( data usage action bar menu ) > uncheck ' restrict background data ' hoped it helps .
are you talking about this ? source .
here is my understanding as a developer : android 1.5-2.1: right-to-left support is built-in , but most roms do not contain the letters . this means that hebrew in most applications will show up as boxes ( but in the correct order ) . this does allow individual applications to include their own fonts and thereby display hebrew correctly . android 2.2: the default system fonts now include hebrew characters . right-to-left layout still works . ( although the rules for justification did change , annoyingly . ) based on some bug reports , google did not yet consider support for right-to-left languages to be final in this version . ( note the comments by google engineers , such as romain guy here : https://review.source.android.com/#change,15955 ) . android 2.3: the sdk has been released , but no updates for actual devices . the sdk does include a hebrew locale for the first time (http://developer.android.com/sdk/android-2.3.html#locs). also note that locale support ultimately depends on the vendor of the actual device ( either the carrier or handset manufacturer ) . they may choose to remove locales they deem unimportant to save space , or they may choose to add some that they deem important for their targeted market .
take a look : chrome devtools for mobile : emulate and screencast
this can e.g. be realized using tasker ( in fact , i am even using it that way for " prolonged screen timeout " with reading apps ) : condition : app ( opens a popup to select one ore multiple apps , chose the ones you want to act upon ) task : keyguard ( disable ) display -> timeout ( optionally increase display timeout ) the tasks would be executed as soon as one of the selected apps is running in foreground , and reverted to what it was before as soon as the condition no longer is met . note : i know that tasker does not come cheap ( ~5 bucks ) , but it is worth every cent . to " try before buy " , visit its homepage , where you can download a 7-day-trial .
fastboot is a binary and protocol used to communicate with android devices in the early boot stage . it allows to change of the boot target and therefore is often used to install custom boot-loader ( twrp , clockworkmod , etc . ) and roms . the binary often comes with the android sdk , for example on my linux system it is installed at /opt/android-sdk-update-manager/platform-tools/fastboot . there are also build instructions for fastboot on the official android page .
cyanogenmod 6 does this feature because it is native to android 2.2 . see this cyanogenmod issue report for more details .
i believe it means the battery is overheating .
from what i recall , that report does not show anything that has used less than 1% . considering how much of it is screen usage , i will bet that that is the issue .
as it turns out , the issue was that my phone was no longer being recognised as a composite usb device by windows , meaning only one of adb , mtp or htc sync was capable of running at a given time . after the update , mtp was always recognised first . this explains both the 4.3 issue of mtp and adb conflicting , and the 4.4 issue of no adb . the solution was provided by htc 's support website : step 7 . if you could see your phone as the portable device on your pc , but there is still no " android usb device " in " device manager " , please try to manually update the driver for your phone . expand " portable devices " in " device manager " right click on your phone 's name or " mtp usb device " update driver software select “browse my computer for driver software” tap “let me pick from a list of device drivers on my computer” don’t check “show the compatible hardware” select standard usb main controller select usb composite device in the right hand side list as the screen shot below and then click next after you click next , if there is warning message window pop up , please choose yes .
you need to include the port number . adb -s 192.168.60.69:5555 shell  if you are using a sensible shell with configurable tab-completion ( i.e. . not windows ) , then you can type adb -s tab to get a list of devices .
instead of having no ringtone assigned to it , get a short silent ringtone ( such as the ones found here and use that to set a silent ring .
it turns out that the solution to this is rather easy , but scarcely documented . to switch between forward-is-up and north-is-up , simply tap the red/white compass needle in the upper left hand corner of the screen .
features appbrain has that the market site does not : ability to save lists and keep them private or share them appbrain reviews on top of market reviews more sharing options more filtering options for browsing lists of popular apps app recommendations based on what you have installed shows the total amount you have spent on paid apps features the market site has that appbrain does not : two added categories : widgets and live wallpapers ability to install to device from websites without having to have an addon app that you have to periodically reauthorize like appbrain easily choose which device to install to if you have multiple devices ability to buy apps from the site shows videos that the developers have added to their market page these are all obviously subject to change .
i still have not tried voice choice , but i just downloaded this free app : voice plus this looks perfect . from the description : allows you to set rules for which number dialed will use your google voice number . specify rules based on area code or by contacts ( using contact groups ) . no more annoyance of having to press another button when dialing to choose where to call from !
so to sum up the bit of confusion that is in cm 10.1 now - there are actually two sets of notification bar toggles . one works like the old set from previous cm versions , and it appears in one row above your notifications when you pull down the bar . these are the " power widget " toggles . the second set was a feature added upstream in jelly bean , and is referred to as the " quick settings panel " . these are laid out as multi-row tiles - which it sounds like you are describing - and you can switch to this view by tapping the top right icon on your notifications shade ( after pulling it down ) : you cannot , to my knowledge , get rid of the quick settings panel completely , as it is baked in to android . however , you can prevent it from appearing of its own accord by going into Settings &gt; System &gt; Quick Settings panel &gt; Quick pulldown  and selecting the " off " option . the other options are " right " and " left " , with the idea being that you can basically divide the notification pulldown into two swipe areas if you like . for instance , by choosing " right " , you can access your notifications by pulling down from the left side of the bar , and access the quick settings panel by pulling down from the right side of the bar . if you choose " off " then the only way to get to the quick settings panel should be if you pull down your notifications and then tap the icon in the top right . effectively , this disables the quick settings panel from ever appearing unless you explicitly choose to see it .
ok . i have found the answer , at least for that rom : in the /system/build.prop file in the zip file , the first " section " has build properties , which details all the information that is visible in the " about phone " part . this is an example of it here :
no , it does not have any kind of pass through . you cannot charge or dock the prime when the gps dongle is plugged in . here 's a youtube unboxing that provides a good overview of its physical design .
i do not know about older versions of android , but from my 2.1 version it is pretty straight-forward . from the home screen go to settings and tap " wireless and networks . " then " vpn settings " and add vpn and follow the prompts from there .
i am suspecting , after reading the logcat and dump , the kernel killed off quite a few processes , whether its down to the rom itself , or a buggy ril ( radio interface layer ) , ril is responsible for communicating with the cellular radio base-band firmware . this is the excerpt from the kernel , showing dolphin , alarm clock , google voice ( ? ) getting killed off : this is the excerpt from the telephony , note the gap in time logged , last logged at 19:23:48.949 and 19:35:33.144 : further on in the log related to telephony : the nitz ( network identity and time zone ) crops up a fair bit too , as shown below within the same telephony log , iirc , nitz handling was not exactly great up to ics , in which a patch was made to handle the handling of the timezones ( either roaming when browsing the net or something awry went wrong with the ril : the telephony errors shown , are sticking out like a sore thumb , and also down to the fact that froyo 2.2 , is old , and may not be able to handle whatever issue is with at and t that causes it . also , at and t could have had their systems updated/upgraded , that is sending out extra telephony information/nitz in a format that froyo cannot handle and freezes . best bet would be to try a firmware update and see if that resolves the issue . prior to doing an update , since the handset is rooted , best to make a backup of everything , use titanium backup to backup user apps and data , use sms backup and restore to save the sms messages . it will be inevitable that the upgrade will lose root , but then again , it would be easy to do that after the upgrade .
the dialer may have hard-coded the api key for the lookup service . the error occurs when too many requests are sent using a single api key in a short interval .
1 ) rom manager is the de facto app to do two specific things : 1 ) install a custom recovery 2 ) install a custom rom ( or kernels . check out chevyno1s kernels for the droid ) . you need to not worry about any permission problems with this application as pretty much every rooted person uses it . it is also an application provided by koush , who is a well known hacker in the android community ( he ported cyanogenmod to the droid ) . 2 ) you do not have to have a custom rom to do a nandroid backup . but you do need a custom recovery . download rom manager . flash " clockworkmod recovery " . then open up rom manager again . then under " backup and restore " do " backup current rom " . this will run a nandroid backup of your phone . do this asap . it is very important to have a backup of your phone right after you just rooted it in case you ever need to restore your phone back to this state . a nandroid backup is like taking a full image/snapshot of your phone . with a nandroid backup in hand , you can then experiment with custom roms ( or anything , really ) with a safety net of being able to go back to the way your phone was . you can also perform a nandroid backup by going into your recovery when you boot your phone ( press and hold x on the droid when powering on until you get the yellow triangle exclamation point , then press the camera and volume up buttons to get the menu to show up ) . 3 ) nandroid is the best to restore your phone to a previous state . i highly recommend titanium backup if you plan on switching to a custom rom or ever plan on wiping and reloading your phone ( or if you need to re-install an app but need to keep its data ) . titanium backup will let you backup specific apps ( and their data , only root users can do this ! ) and restore them . so you could backup all of your apps on stock android , install cyanogenmod , and then use titanium backup to restore all of your apps and their data . please see these other questions about how do i root my phone , and i have rooted my phone , now what ?
well , as it may seen , there is no solution without relying on third-part softwares . instead , i ( partially ) solved it by changing the language for english uk , where the numbers format are without separators . ex : 99999999 .
the problem was hardware related . wifi chip was changed in the service center . now it is working ok .
try the app screen filter , it does just what you need with no extra hassle .
as discussed , you can store apps on the ext3 partition which will free up internal phone memory . there are also apps like swapper2 which allow you to put your swap file on the sd card . be warned , that this will degrade the life of your sd card and will also chew up battery due to frequent read/writes to the card . weigh the potential of additional free space in view of this .
on oled , amoled and super amoled screens : yes lcd screens : no
while playing around with the inf files , i found that the one supplied by sony actually does work , you only need to " force " windows to use it for your device . i am not sure if that has anything to do with the unsigned nature of the driver or that windows cannot verify that the driver is compatible ( see below ) , but it simply does not seem to accept the driver with sony 's inf automatically . i order to install the driver , i did the following : in the device manager , right-click on the S1Boot Fastboot entry and select Update Driver Software , then Browse my computer for driver software and Let me pick from a list of device drivers on my computer . select Show All Devices , then Next . click Have Disk... and then Browse... to the android-sdk\extras\google\usb_driver directory . then the Model list is populated with three entries , select the one called Android Bootloader Interface and click Next . click Yes on the Update Driver Warning message mentioning that windows cannot verify compatibility of the driver with the device . click Install this driver software anyway on the Windows Security message saying that windows can not verify the publisher of this driver software . after that , i was able to run fastboot commands on my device ( i only tried devices and reboot so far ) . on a side note , i found it interesting that you actually do not need any specific driver binaries such as dlls from sony and that the drivers supplied with the android sdk seem to be sufficient , except for the inf entries with the correct device ids .
from the whatsapp site , the minimum requirements are android 2.1 , so even if you managed to find the apk and side-load it onto the g1 running 1.6 , it probably will not work . stable releases of cyanogenmod 5 ( android 2.1 ) and 6 ( android 2.2 ) are both available for the g1 . you can install whatsapp if you upgrade to cm 5/6 .
well , at last i could finally solve the problem thanks to chris5s from the xda-developers . com forum . these are the steps that worked for me : download the latest clockworkmod for allwinner a10 tablets from here : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1802268 put all three files in the zip inside the root of a microsd card and insert it in the tablet check from the terminal app inside the tablet to see if the microsd card is mounted in /sdcard ( just type " ls /sdcard" ) . if the " ls " command does not show anything ( that is what happened in my case ) , then you must modify the " install-recovery . sh " file and replace all instances of "/sdcard " with "/mnt/extsd " . with the proper " install-recovery . sh " file , run the commands specified in the above xda link ( in my case the card is in "/mnt/extsd " instead of "/mnt/sdcard " as the original example shows ) : su cd /mnt/extsd sh install-recovery . sh sh reboot-recovery . sh the tablet will then reboot to cwm recovery . then follow the regular steps to install cyanogenmod ( wipe plus install rom + gapps + compatibility ) . this time the recovery menu will not care about the files being unsigned and will install them right away ! i hope this helps somebody else !
cwm backups are full system backups , so they restore it to exactly how it was when you took a backup . everything including apps , settings , preferences , even call log is saved . you do not have to flash the rom before restoring a backup . the backup files contain a boot . img and system . img that have the rom , kernel etc in it . when moving to another rom , you might also want to take a backup of all your apps and app data with titanium backup , this is helpful to restore them on the new rom . if you flashed a new rom without using titanium backup , do not panic , app extractor can extract apps and data from a cwm backup . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.handyandy.appextractor my usual flash routine is : backup with titanium , sync all data on wifi , backup sms , reboot to recovery , do cwm backup and then wipe , flash new rom , reboot and restore apps , and sync . hope it helps !
the behaviour of the browser is perfectly normal . because opening a new internet connection takes a lot of power , after an app is finished with an http connection to a given server , android keeps the connection open a little while longer in case the app wants to download more from the same server . keeping the connection open while idle does not take any extra power . this fits well with the usual behaviour of web browsers : typically you download a web page , then all the images and c . for that page , an ajax request to the same site , and then a few minutes later maybe a new page from the same site . the servers you mention are very typical . amazon aws and akamai are content distribution networks . they are used to host many websites . people who run websites pay these companies to host static content and serve it to end users , which is good for you because it keeps internet latency down . when you visit ( say ) android.stackexchange.com, only the dynamic content comes from stack exchange 's servers , and the static content - images , fonts , etc . - might come from a server much closer to you , run by akamai or another cdn . other sites on your list are sources of " share " and " like " buttons , such as facebook , stumbleupon , and linkedin . every time you visit a page with the official facebook " like " button , the browser has to go to facebook 's server to download it . that is how facebook tracks you across different sites , but it is not the browser tracking you : it is the websites you visit . uninstalling your browser and switching to a different one will not make any difference . there is one last thing that seems to have added to your confusion : the " application details " screen in that app shows a log of which sites the app has connected to , not the sites that have open connections right now . that is why old connections are still shown in the list after you restart the device , and after uninstalling the app .
i would try clearing the data for it . do so via Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications and finding voice search ( or the relevant app if you are using another ) under the all tab .
.ftf are more suited for the older line of xperia devices and is proprietary format , the trend with newer sony devices is .elf instead . their layout of kernel image is non-standard , this requires a special script to run against the freshly built kernel image to convert it and add extra special markers to make it compatible for the xperia to enable booting . without the markers , the flash will fail , androxyde 's flashtool has the capability to generate the .ftf , .elf by concatenating the kernel image ( usually gzipped raw flat binary ) with a header called .sin which has some proprietary encoded binary that fixes up the bootloader 's address from which to boot up under . the script can be found on sony 's opensource portal website , that contains a blog entry highlighting how to create a flashable kernel for xperia s model . the custom rom 's that the op is referring to is more of a " universal generic " method , which contains the kernel and the files that composes of the rom , that is made suitable by the likes of clockworkmod ( cwm ) and teamwin recovery ( twrp ) to use them . some manufacturers are free to deviate on how their kernels are created and if necessary , applicable handling to convert it to a form suitable for flashing , such as sony 's own format , rather than using mkbootimg which is a more generic form of creating a flashable kernel ( this combines the kernel image and auxiliary supporting files ) , that is compatible with most , if not , all devices with some exceptions , like sony . as case in point , the kernel has to flashed separately first before flashing the rom . for others , cwm/twrp can directly flash the newly built boot image file created via mkbootimg first behind the scenes then write out the files into the /system partition .
this version of google talk can be downloaded from http://goo-inside.me/gapps/ . the current version is gapps-gb-20110828-newtalk-signed . zip . details can be found in rootzwiki at http://wiki.rootzwiki.com/index.php/google_apps#google_talk_with_video.2fvoice_chat
it depends , some android devices have an advanced setting wifi sleep policy under Settings -&gt; Wireless -&gt; Wi-Fi Settings -&gt; [Menu Button] Advanced -&gt; Wi-Fi Sleep Policy but i am not sure if this is a vanilla android feature or an manufacturer modification . at least the galaxy s series has this setting . data networks are usually fully active . but apps like tasker allow you to define certain profiles to improve battery life . for example : only allow 2g when the display is off , because 2g requires less battery then 3g ( umts ) .
there is an important distinction to be made : android in its stock form , and samsung 's version of android , with the touchwiz framework . the touchwiz functionality for the eyeball recognition works with only with apps ' native ' to samsungs touchwiz version of android . apps like samsung sms , samsung internet , samsung gallery etc . air gestures can be ported to 3rd party apps , flipboard is an example of this . fore the eye recognitions stuff , like smart scroll etc . the app needs to be embedded in touchwiz . however , the ' keep screen on ' functionality works over apps , so the screen should not lock while gaming etc . after looking into this myself , i havn't found any xposed or other modules to override this for root users . also , on the s4 google edition ( running almost 1 stock android ) there is no eyeball recognition whatsoever , and cannot be implemented . also , from a developer 's point of view it , even if it was possible to access this functionality , would it be worth implementing it for only one device , and not being accessible on any other phone ? it is a good idea in a way , but i do not see it expanding for a while , until other oems decide on similar tech perhaps . 1 techincally the touchwiz framework is there to enable the s-view cover . on the htc one google edition htc sense is there to allow beats audio to be built in .
look at something black ( e . g . an image of only black ) on your phone , and shut off the lights . if you have got an amoled screen , it should be pure black ( virtually no light emanating ) . with an lcd it will be significantly brighter/greyish .
to be honest , i would just search the android market and then try things out . " the best " android apps are going to be generally subjective , and there is typically several apps that perform any given task . you could also look at some of these older ( mostly cw ) questions : android market - want to see best applications alternative android app markets must have applications for android ?
in pre-2.2 stock keyboard , typing the ? is a two step process : alternatively , you can long press on . and a pop up menu will appear : in 2.3 stock keyboard , the auto-correct bar will show common punctuations , including ?: the old two-step ways of using the ?123 page and long-pressing on the . still works , although when you long-press on . now you only need to slide your finger to the punctuations . in swype , you can long press on the letter M to produce ?: alternatively , you can press Sym keyboard : if you are using swiftkey x beta , the ? has its own dedicated key in the main keyboard : if you are using htc keyboard , you can long-press on the letter k:
you are not specifying the device to mount , only the directory so it is telling you that you are missing one of the required parameters . i believe that the busybox mount will let you get away with not supplying the device , if it can figure out the device to mount , but the " stock " mount requires that you supply both the directory and the device . you would have to do the following : # mount -o remount,rw /dev/block/mtdblock4 /system or you could try the busybox mount # busybox mount -o remount,rw /system but you should always supply the device to mount , so there is no confusion or issue with mounting the wrong device .
as stated already , one solution would be to use an app that lets you synchronize with dropbox . i personally already used dropsync . it works flawlessly , however , the free version only lets you sync one main folder . so that was not really an option . the solution i just came up with is making good use of the tasker app yet again . tell tasker if the camera or gallery apps are running and mobile data is enabled , disable mobile data . then as exit task ( to be executed when camera/gallery get closed ) re-enable mobile data . dropbox will then upload all the shots i did not delete right away using the camera/gallery app .
try adding a new google account , preferably via mobile data instead of wi-fi . it should restore the calendar sync option .
you might consider disabling those apps ( starting with ics , that is possible for some but not all ) . this way you had solve multiple of your issues : no more update reminders app becomes unavailable , so it is no longer shown in the app drawer being disabled , they should also no longer provide an " attack vector " if that is not possible for some apps via settings → applications ( check the " all " tab there to see pre-installed apps ) , and rooting is an option , you can still freeze them with apps like titanium backup to achieve the same .
my data manager is a free app available in the android market which will aid you in catering your needs . it will give you a detailed statistics of which app/service used how much data . edit : did not notice this was answered in the comments already .
according to the galaxy player wikipedia page the differences are : galaxy player 4 ( yp-g1 ) the galaxy player 4 features a 4" super fine lcd . it had a flash internal storage of 8 gb or 16 gb that can be expanded with microsd card . galaxy player 5 ( yp-g70 ) the galaxy player 5 features a 5" tft lcd . it had a flash internal storage of 8 gb or 16 gb that can be expanded with microsd card . galaxy player 50 ( yp-g50 ) the yp-g50 model carries a 3.2" lcd tft instead of the amoled which is used by samsung in most of its phones . the screen has a 240×400 resolution . it has a flash internal storage of 16 gb or 32 gb that can be expanded with a microsd card . so the main differences are the size and quality of the screen ( and the device ) , and the internal memory capacity . essentially the "50" has the smallest , worst quality screen , but ( depending which capacity you get ) has the most internal memory , the "4" and "5" are larger devices with better quality , larger screens but ( potentially ) not as much internal memory . according to another review i found : . . . 4.0 and 5.0 have almost the same specifications . . . the 4 inch version has a battery capacity of 1200mah , whereas the 5 inch version is 2500mah so the "5" has a larger battery which should last longer , though this may be offset slightly by the larger screen , and will also make the device slightly bigger and heavier than the "4" . battery life should be better than equivalent phone models ( especially if you switch off wifi when you are not using it ) , as the phone 's wireless radio is one of the largest battery hogs in the device . full size and weight specs of the devices are in the sidebar on the wikipedia page . so it looks like none of the devices are " better " than the others , they all appear to have their own benefits but are aimed at different buyers .
[ moving from comments to answer ] this could be an issue with either debugging mode switched on or the power source itself ! please try on ac power , this is a known issue with quite a few phones ! in fact i had this issue with my n7000 running cm10 , the phone is just lying around now . just to be sure , is usb debugging off ? just to see if that is the issue for me , i tried different sockets at home with my old phone ! it varies based on the power supply . all i can say is stop charging through these faulty places
workaround : i am pretty sure got fixed after i enabled and disabled " mobile hotspot " so while i am answering my own question , i will accept any answer that describes how to disable this faulty behavior
you can use ifttt ( if this than that ) and setup a recipe that auto posts from instagram to a specific picasa album online . this does not require you to leave anything open . then you can set your instagram album in google+ to be public . you will need to follow the directions found here . the only thing i have not figured out yet is how to share something to my timeline whenever a new post arrives into that album .
with tasker you can automate this to have different screen time-out values depending whether or not your phone is connected to a power source : create a new profile and name it " screen timeout " . for context select State -> Power -> Power . select " any " for source and press the ok button . tap " new task " , name it " increase timeout " and tap the " ok " button . tap the + button to add a new action , select Display category , and then Display Timeout action . drag the sliders for " secs " , " mins " or " hours " to your desired values for when the phone is connected to a power source . tap the " ok " button , and then tap it again . long-press the " increase timeout " action and select Add Exit Task option . tap " new task " , name it " decrease timeout " and tap the " ok " button . tap the + button to add a new action , select Display category , and then Display Timeout action . drag the sliders for " secs " , " mins " or " hours " to your desired values for when the phone is running on battery . tap the " ok " button , and then tap it again . ensure the tasker is enabled by toggling it on ( switch at bottom-right corner ) and then tap the " ok " button . you should be all set . if you want to get fancy , you can add actions to both tasks to display toast messages .
i do not believe this is the way google drive works . the app , if i am not mistaken , allows you to view ( and edit some google documents ) but maintains them in the cloud . while it does allow you to download them , it saves them to your download folder for local use only . you can choose photos you have taken from your gallery and upload them to google drive , but ( if i am not mistaken ) , there is no automatic folder syncing option . you can use google+ though . it automatically adds all your photos to a google+ album only you can see . given , not as easy as drive , but still a good auto-upload option . i do not know of an easy way to get them from there to a drive folder though :/ you can also use foldersync . it could sync folders with google docs , and still works after docs upgraded to drive , google drive is fully supported . just choose google docs when adding account in the app . in case , you do not want to pay , its [ free lite version ] [ 3 is also in play store , but with some limitations . thanks for the above goes to sachin shekhar .
yes and no . the fact that your galaxy s3 does not support mass storage mode means that you cannot play audio files stored on the s3 with the radio , like you could with a usb stick . ( if your car 's radio supports mass storage , that is . ) however , the other type of usb connection , allowing your iphone to be controlled by your car 's radio is an apple accessory connection . this is a protocol for communication between apple devices such as the ipod and iphone and accessories like your car 's radio . android currently does not support the apple accessory connection , but has it is own protocol for communication with usb accessories . it might be technically possible to create a solution for android to allow it to speak with apple accessories , but currently ( as far as i am aware ) no such solution exists .
i have ended up installing mobile odin and just performing a recovery with the clockwork mod if the kernel kills the phone ( which is all i have managed to do so far ) thanks for your help
quadrant and linpack are the two i use . linpack is purely for measuring cpu performance , whereas quadrant also takes into account i/o speeds , graphics performance , and the like .
if you use the android web browser to access any sites that you have logged into and that do not use an ssl encrypted page while you are browsing them , then you should be very paranoid . have a read up about the firesheep add-on to firefox , it uses the fact that on an open , unencrypted wifi connection anyone can listen to anyone else who is connected 's network traffic . it listens out for cookies that other people 's laptops and phones send out while they are browsing , grabs those cookies and lets you use them to log into a vast list of websites as that person . it does not need to capture login names or passwords , so it does not matter if you are careful about not entering your password into anything over an open connection . all it needs is your cookie and then it can log someone else into your facebook , or gmail , or twitter , amazon ( they can even place one-click orders on your behalf ) etc . boingboing has slightly more on what this demonstrates about web security . the scary thing is that firesheep does not do anything magic . it just makes a process that anyone could do ( listening to open wifi traffic , and spotting the interesting bits ) and makes it one-click easy .
i have used backitup pro successfully -- it is one of very few apps i have found that can backup/restore mms across roms . mybackup pro is another popular app . i have no experience with it personally though . titanium backup is very nice for a lot of things , but for call logs and sms , i am not sure it is portable across roms . it looks like it is simply backing up the sqlite dbs directly . there is a " data migration " option that is been added recently , but it looks like it is a pro-only feature . perhaps someone who is tried it can chime in with their experience . there is also call log backup and restore and sms backup and restore , which are free apps . they back up to xml files , so should be highly portable across roms . edit : i had a chance to test the " restore " features last night with my wife 's droid . i switched her from ruby 1.1.1 to cyanogenmod 6.1.0 , and took the opportunity to wipe her phone and start it fresh . the call log backup and restore and sms backup and restore apps worked perfectly . finally , there is sms backup+ , which copies sms/mms and calls logs to your gmail account .
after new problems on other devices , i decided to reset my livebox . there is no problem anymore ! my phone can connect to the wifi : )
google reader allows choice of external program ( via intent ) to play audio .
from what i have read this is a known " issue " with the s4 . when using pin security you can not change any lock screen widgets either . if i was sure that my fitbit flex would continue to work with the s4 i would have flashed cyanogenmod onto my s4 ( they have been producing nightly versions for the s4 for a couple of weeks now ) .
to answer my own question - here 's a different approach to achieve this ( google-only contacts ) ensure all required android contacts are synced to google export the contacts to csv on a computer delete all contacts from the android ( that'll be both " phone " and " google" ) import the contacts from csv to google google will then sync to the phone kind of obvious in hindsight . hope this benefits the community in some way !
it refers to anything that is peculiar to the android platform or its software stack , any behavior , quirk , style , or ui thingy characteristic of android .
the problem is that you ran adb as an underprivileged user . so when adb server starts , it does not have the permissions to run read/write to the device . first you have to kill the server , and then restart it as root : sudo adb kill-server sudo adb start-server Then you can run this as any user: adb devices 
for sure ! hopefully there are professional rom cookers at xda-developers that cook roms without any kind of bloatware . here are some articles that i recommend you to check before flashing a new rom : unlocking the bootloader updating firmware/flashing roms optional : a beginners guide to modding and tweaking the arc after you done all that you are good to go flashing a clean rom , my suggestions are : [ development ] - cm7.0.3 - free xperia project
quite a few people dual boot nook colors ( internal vs sd card ) . take a look at this xda thread on running cm7 on the sd card ( for the nook color ) and this thread about booting from sd card performance . in short , it really depends on the read/write abilities of the sd card you use . a crappy sd card is going to give crappy performance . ( sorry for the specifics to nook color , but in general , it should be similar )
no . as you might know , eclipse has various problems running in different flavors of linux ( which is why ubuntu has an official repository version of it , and all that ) . android is even worse -- while based on linux , it is a completely different operating system . a similar question would be , " is is possible to install a *nix version of eclipse in mac os ? "
system apps can not be installed without root . only updates to existing system apps can be installed , and they do not actually reside in the /system partition ; the original app is kept there , which allows you to uninstall updates separately . so a factory reset will remove any updates , but not the original app .
the lockerpro app was reseting my screen lock time to 15 seconds . ( the android system should offer a way to check who is changing the system settings )
methods i know of : use a carrier/manufacturer tool such as odin for some samsung phones ( i have done this -- it is easily the most feasible method ) . it connects to the phone and writes to the phone storage when the phone is in download mode . a knowledgeable person could probably write their own tool as well . sign the update . zip file , so that the recovery/bootloader thinks its an official update . that is really the only way most phones can distinguish them ( not sure if an encrypted bootloader makes it harder ) . " has anyone actually done this ? " that i do not know -- it is probably incredibly difficult to fake , but realistically someone could gain access to the signing software . use a jig ( an electronic setup that connects directly to parts of the device ) to write directly to the storage . imagine the phone as a pc where the bios prevents writing to the hard drive -- if you do not boot up the computer , the bios can not interfere , so you could just take out the drive and write to it with something else . chips are just not as removable as drives , hence the jig . this would probably require custom software to do the writing , again possibly taken from the manufacturer . and if you do not overwrite the bootloader you might run into problems depending on what checks it does , i am not sure . at a previous job ( a phone manufacturer ) they used a similar tool to odin to replace the bootloader , sometimes with one that did not require the roms to be signed . access to a tool like that makes a lot of problems go away .
indeed - there are a few but i would recommend rolf 's agenda widget . lots of options and highly configurable . scrolling support is present , although the launcher must support scrollabel widgets like adw / lpp / golauncher do .
the bbc released statements about their support for android with iplayer back in june : bbc iplayer on mobile : a new version and adobe flash 10.1 streaming on all android 2.2 phones and bbc iplayer on android update . this all boils down to saying that their current strategy for mobiles is to offer a mobile optimised version of their flash site , and not to create individual apps for every smartphone out there . i am also a flash-less fan of bbc radio and tv ( though in a better position than you as my manufacturer and carrier have announced that 2.2 is coming very soon ) , i had beebplayer on my previous android phone and it is sorely missed now . for the moment i just subscribe to the podcasts of the shows i am interested in ( and luckily most of mine are available as podcasts ) using the google listen podcast app , this does have the benefit that they work without cutting out while i am on the tube ! edit : going through the comments on some more recent articles on the bbc internet blog i have discovered an app called myplayer it seems to offer access to ( as far as i can tell ) the full iplayer tv and radio library with both streaming and downloads for later viewing/listening . picture quality does not seem quite as good as i remember from beebplayer , so presumably its using a different stream . anyway it is there and seems to work , grab it before " aunty " spots it ! newer edit : the bbc have released an official iplayer app , called bbc iplayer though this is really just a flash wrapper around the mobile version of the website and does require a wifi connection before it will play most content .
dolphin browser hd has the ability to save the current site that you are viewing : More -&gt; Save Site 
if those problems started right away after the update : did the update process include a factory-reset ? if not ( and nothing else helps ) , this might be your chance : backup all things you can backup ( luckily on jb that is not too big an issue , see full backup of non-rooted devices -- but i recommend to have all your apps into separate packages , as otherwise a full restore might bring back your problems ) . then do a factory-reset . before restoring anything , check if your problems are gone . then restore your apps one-by-one ( just to make sure to not bring back the problem ) . as for the backup process : check with helium - app sync and backup , this is the easiest way to go . you can mark all your apps , make sure to check that .apk files are included ( by default , helium only backups data ) , and give it a go . helium creates separate backup archives per-app , so you can restore them separately . make a copy of the backup folder to your pc , just in case -- if restoring via helium should fail for any reason , this still gives you the chance to use adb restore via usb . background : it might very well be that some settings got messed up on update . a factory-reset will erase all your apps and data , plus the dalvik-cache ( optimized app code -- this might be the culprit if it does not 100% match the new android version ) , so all settings revert to " default " . your android system rom ( jellybean ) will not be reverted to what you had before , so no worries for that : )
you can not . and you should not . samsung 's proprietary touchwiz interface , has the hability to change fonts that are distributed as apk files and can be installed like any other app . i am not aware of any other manufacturer that integrated this feature into their device . it is also a bad idea to change the fonts . if they have different x-height parts of the letters may get cut . they may not have some special characters that the system or an app expects so boxes or nothing will show up in it is place . legibility can also be an issue . there are fonts that do not have any of these issues , but they are rare and are mostly the same type as the system font , so you will not notice much improvement .
sdk : adb shell getprop ro . build . version . sdk complete list : adb shell getprop through the package manager : adb shell pm list features
the play . google . com link you post is the correct form for linking to an app , and it is the documented solution recommended by google .
apparently the winamp app has an Enable auto-mount setting that is by default set to true . problem resolved .
whenever you root your device , you are adding root access to the current os . if you just perform the factory reset , it will retain root ( as this just deletes user data ) , but if you restore the stock image , it will completely wipe the os and will put the system back as htc intended it ( which would remove root ) . you would then need to re-root the device .
use adb on a computer while your device is in recovery . to copy a file from the computer via usb , use this : adb push /path/to/local/ROM.zip /sdcard/  this will copy the local file to the device in the specified location . directories can be created on the device via the shell : adb shell  and using the usual shell commands to navigate around and create directories . this beginners guide may also help you . you might also consider getting a usb otg adapter . this way you had be able to put the files you need on a usb drive , plug it into your n10 , and flash the files you need . i do it this way on my n7 with twrp all the time so that i can erase everything on it without worrying .
speaking of gparted , i assume you have a linux computer available . so steps to be performed are quite simple -- speaking of an external sdcard : unmount the card from your android device , and take it out put it into a card reader , attach it to your linux computer . mount it there . copy all contents into an empty directory on your linux machine . from the command line , you can use the cp command for that to ensure everything is copied : cp -a &lt;/path/to/source&gt; &lt;/path/to/target&gt; ( replace &lt;/path/to/source&gt; with where you have mounted the card , and &lt;/path/to/target&gt; with your empty directory 's path ; for details on the cp command , run man cp or see its man-page on the net ) optional : check that everything was copied fine . if there were no errors displayed in the previous step , it should have worked fine . if your card has multiple partitions containing data , repeat the previous two steps for each of them . use gparted ( or whatever tool of your preference ) to drop and re-create partitions as needed , and re-create the file systems repeat steps 3-5 , reverting source and target ( to get your data back on the sdcard ) unmount your sdcard , safely remove it from the computer , put it back into your android device , and enjoy ! if everything went fine , and all data is available on your device as hoped , optionally remove the " backup directories " created in step 3 . job done : )
my current guess is that the script took a lot of cpu time because it uses a very inefficient way of calculating the log file length , which is to read the entire log file to memory and use length . this should not have been much of an issue if the log file is small , but since you said that log file 's current size is more than 50mb , this shows that the log file is not getting trimmed properly . another concerning issue is that init scripts are supposed to only run once at startup , but this script is obviously being run periodically . if my guess is correct , you may be able to fix this temporarily by deleting the log file , but eventually the slow down will occur again when the log file is filled again . check if you have the latest version of your rom , maybe it is fixed in the latest version ? otherwise if it is an unmaintained rom , you will need to figure out a way to fix the script .
as you have already figured , a built-in solution is : open the contacts app on the " old device " in menu → import/export , chose to export copy the resulting 0001.vcf file to your " new device " on the new device , open the contacts app and chose to " import " from menu → import/export hint : take care there is enough free space available on the " exporting " device ( file might get large , as contact pictures are stored inside it as well ) . you might not always get a warning when storage runs full , but instead end up with some " incomplete export " , which then cannot be imported on the other end . now for the second part : why did not they sync automatically ? first , there are a few different " storages " to be considered : on sim google contacts these two are available on all devices . depending on device and rom , there might be additional " storages " , e.g. exchange pc suite assuming you are speaking of google 's sync : that only takes care for google contacts . as the pc suite would only cater contacts in pc suite to sync them with its desktop counterpart , and exchange would not care for anything but exchange contacts ( you would not want your personal contacts appearing in your company 's address books , would you ? ) . sim contacts are a very special case : nothing cares to sync them anywhere . i am not even sure whether import/export is touching them . so as parts of your contacts have been stored as " lg pc suite contacts " , these have not been sync'd with google ( and your " google contacts " not with lg suite ) , which explains the miss .
yes , an ebook from android market ( in google books ) has a different format from the kindle . it would seem that you can obtain google books in either epub or pdf ( more information here ) . amazon books are in the azw format . this comes down to personal preference . i have read books on both google books and kindle on my xoom ; i see little to no difference in quality . both can sync to my phone to keep my place . since you have a kindle fire , perhaps sticking in the amazon ecosystem would be a good idea , since you may wish to un-root in the future . there are a lot of pdf readers ; just recently the kindle software was updated to read pdfs . i personally use ezpdf pro for pdf files because of speed and its ability to remember my location in pdf files from read to read . this again , would be personal preference ; however i have loaded mobi into the kindle app without problems . the book acted like any other i had in regards to reading ( except it did not sync across devices and had to be manually uploaded to each of them ) . i would suggest looking at this question as well for more information on ereaders . so , the kindle app does what you want it to do overall ( books , pdfs , and mobi ) and also is a major part of the kindle fire amazon ecosystem they have setup for the device ; and may be the way to go if you decide to revert your fire to its un-rooted state . edit ( addition ) : amazon also seems to like releasing updates that un-root your device ( and prevent further known rooting methods - for now ) . source states that unless you have changed roms , you are susceptible at any time on wifi to get the update .
do a system wipe and reinstall . this significantly sped up my sensation .
by far the easiest way to transfer anything contacts related to an android phone is via gmail . when i moved from an old nokia phone to my android htc magic about a year ago , i downloaded and installed the nokia suite of tools for my phone from the nokia website , installed them , copied my contacts into the nokia suite app on the pc , then did an export from the nokia suite contacts app to a csv file . i remember seeing the noklia-only nbu format as an optin , but if you are in the contacts-only part of the suite it should also allow the csv export ( as this is also the easiest way to do a one-off import to other apps like outlook ) . at that point you can go into gmail , click the contacts link , then at the top you should see an " import " option , use that to upload your csv file . all that you should lose from this is the contact 's photos , but you can easily back up your contact 's photos from the nokia suite , and then just upload them to gmail one by one , or alternatively let android on the phone sync with facebook , etc and pull the contacts photos from there itself . you might find that if you already had some people in your gmail address book that you will have a few duplicates now , just tick the relevant contacts in gmail and select " merge these contacts " . for content , such as photos or music , which are probably just files on the nokia 's sd memory card , the easiest way is to attach the phone to a pc , select data storage/transfer mode on the phone , then open the sd card drive on the pc , drag all the relevant files onto the pc , then attach android phone , mount sd card and drag all the content into the relevant folders on the android 's sd card . as for messages , do you mean sms/mms text messages ? as far as i know there are not easy ways to transfer those between phone os 's at all ( unless you are already doing something like sync'ing them to gmail ) .
install dual file manager . this program lets you unzip password protected files .
check to see if " system settings / developer options / stay awake " is checked . it is intended to give exactly that behavior ( "screen will never sleep while charging" ) .
i would bring the phone to your carrier 's local store . if a different sim card from the same carrier works , then it is possible that your sim card is damaged or corrupted . the carrier may need to replace it for you . keep in mind that some carriers ( or authorized reseller outlets ) will charge you for this .
you can compare what your phone had with the emulator for your android version . the emulator is a pristine android , with no manufacturers modifications . it is arguable whether google-branded applications ( which are not included in the emulator ) , are stock apps or not ; but afaik google-branded apps are usually not modified by manufacturers since they were not open source and also google-branded apps are updated regularly by the market .
it is a tough one to answer , as i am not sure what version of android you are running , and you have stated it may be a clone . method 1: open " settings " find " motion " and tap on it scroll down the menu and tap on " sensitivity setting " open " gyroscope calibration " place device on a level surface and tap calibrate method 2: download ' g-sensor ' from the samsung apps store pre-installed on your device . here is a weblink . method 3: download bubble level from the google play store , this has a calibration option also .
you could , but without support it would be difficult . android does not 100% support for all apps on intel/amd processors as well as this , you would have to write a kernal / kernel object to support the specific hardware of the device . this can be quite difficult if propriety information is unavailable . you would be better to ask at http://forum.xda-developers.com and ask if someone has ported android to your device , or a device you would be wanting to buy .
a family member also has the same device , and also uses hangouts , so i was able to copy the apn information from him . for any future reference , i got mms to work again by adding these recods to the google hangouts apn list . name : lte - verizon cbs mmsc : http://mms.vtext.com/servlets/mms mms proxy : not set mms port : not set mcc : 311 mnc : 480 and name : ehrpd - verizon cms mmsc : http://mms.vtext.com/servlets/mms mms proxy : not set mms port : not set mcc : 311 mnc : 480
i think i have found the solution to this . within settings -> power saving there is a setting for background colour for email and internet . turning this off seems to have solved my issues . my sanity has now returned !
i think that if you tap on the screen to set a place for the focus , you will gain some seconds for the effective shoot . it is also allow you to focus on a special part of the picture . i hope it is help .
this might help : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1138791 you would need to have your phone rooted for this hack . it is for xperia play , but would work on other xperias , as i have done this before on my xperia arc s successfully .
it is not quite as seamless , but the ssh binary provided by busybox ( mine , at least ) supports the -i flag , so you can put the key wherever you want and use that : ssh -i /path/to/key_file joeuser@somehost.com  the relevant man page entry for -i ( with the caveat that the information about the default path may not be the same on android ) :
try seeing if you can login when you are in safe mode . boot into safe mode by holding down the power button to open the menu , then hold down the power-off button , and click " ok " when it asks you to reboot into safe mode . then attempt to login once the phone restarts , and re-enable the virtual keyboard . hope this helps .
start off by making sure that you are plugged into a usb 2.0 port . then , put the device in download-mode , $ sudo adb reboot download continue flashing with heimdall , $ sudo heimdall flash --recovery recovery . img that should work ,
to answer the first question - that singular pattern where at minimum four dots must be joined , is built into android , if you want to have multiple patterns , that requires modding the source and rolling your own rom which is outside the scope of this site . now , onto the second question " is it possible to install more than one app that lock my screen with pattern lock and use them simultaneously ? will it cause any kind of clashes or other troubles ? " that depends on the app , the lock-screen is within the framework of android itself , unless the app over-rides the built-in lock-screen mechanism , then there should not be any clashes . the important keyword is over-ride . if the said alternative lock-screen clashes then that is down to poor programming effort . : )
it is because google can back up which apps you have installed on your google account , and restore them when you associate your account with a new device . since your friend 's account is new , the apps have not been installed yet , and are therefore not shown . as for why the apps are not shown as installed , it is because they are not installed from google play , but from samsung . if i remember correctly , samsung has it is own samsung apps app , which handles updates for preinstalled applications unless they are associated with their google play counterparts .
the stock messaging app will automatically save a draft message when you tap on the back button while composing the message , but the recipient field has to be filled . without a recipient it will give a warning that the message will be deleted . there are a lot of good alternatives . i have no experience with them myself ( i am using the stock app ) but a lot of people seem to like handcent , go sms pro or chompsms . just search the internet for reviews .
it will be stored in the root of your device ( /sdcard ) . if you plug your phone into a computer and access the phone you should see it like this : ( this is on my nexus 7 but it will appear the same )
in answer to my own question ( and in thanks for the answer already provided ) , but the problem was that in my office , my phone uses wifi router which is connected to the internet via a firewall . and on this firewall one of the necessary imap ports was blocked . my collegue changed this setting , and now gmail is behaving as expected . i am really not in the habit of choosing my own answers as the selected answer , but for this question , this was the solution . hope it helps others !
beautiful widgets installs a bunch of individual widgets that can be used . the one with the clock and weather is the " superclock " ( or " beautiful home " , maybe ) widget . it sounds like you just need to select " beautiful weather 4x1" when picking a widget ( unless the lock screen widget thingy does not give that choice - is that the case ? ) .
early promotional material for the galaxy s said that it had an fm transmitter . samsung later removed this from the list of features . some models , such as the i9000 , have a fm receiver . it appears other versions also have a receiver that is not supported by drivers ; this xda thread has more details . your best bet is to get an fm transmitter than plugs into the headphone jack , or to use bluetooth .
it sounds like your clock is 4 minutes fast . check to see if your phone is getting its time from the network ( on gingerbread , it is settings/date and time , not sure about cm 7.2 ) . if you are getting time from the network , try disabling automatic updates and set the time manually to a source like time . gov or time . is .
installing a different rom simply did the job . right now i am using 2.3.5 unfortunately i just have guides in italian and french but a little google translator did the job : ) french : http://www.acer-club.fr/viewtopic.php?f=98t=3336sid=64e715b102a9932965fa871175c01da9 italian : http://www.androidiani.com/forum/modding-acer-liquid-mini/80562-guida-installare-android-2-3-5-su-acer-liquid-mini-custom-rom.html
as the firmware resides in /system , flashing a firmware obviously overwrites that partition . /boot is usually involved here as well . whether the two get " wiped " is a different question ; but as otherwise things could get " mixed " , which might cause unwanted side-effects , i would say they are ( i am not 100% sure with this ) . so in these two partitions , nothing of the previously installed firmware should remain . that is different for the other partitions of your device . so usually , /data is not touched by the flashing process , but of course it will be touched once the new system boots up ( it e.g. needs to initialize the dalvik cache for the newly installed system apps , which is located in /data/dalvik-cache ) . for the /cache partition ( holding the application cache ) it is similar : it usually is not touched by the flashing process , but used normally afterwards . hence it is a good idea to wipe these two ( cache and dalvik cache ) when installing a different rom . it might not always be required , but it does not hurt . a factory-reset in principle is a combination of the two : it wipes the /cache and /data partitions . so other than the manual wipe of the caches from a custom recovery , it also removes all user data ( including the user-installed apps ) . note : do not confuse a " wipe " with a " safe erase": with the right tools , data still might be recoverable following a wipe . with this on your mind , your second question becomes obsolete : if you just want a clean system for yourself , this wish is already granted . if , on the other hand , you did these steps to sell your device , there is always the point of what could be restored . for a " safe erase " , you might want to take a look at special tools like nuke my phone / nuke my tablet , which overwrite everything with " garbage data " , and finalize this process with a factory-reset .
you can try redirect file organiser . the usage by dev is explained at /r/android over here . hope this is what you are looking for .
you can access them through the group " starred in android " in gmail
automatic shut off can mean any of these ; too many running applications running in the background . ( start your your phone in clockworld and select to clear cache ) refrain from charging your phone while playing games and running so many applications as this may speed up the aging of your battery . maybe its time you replace your battery if the above doesnt seem to work .
in ankidroid preferences , there is a " reset languages " item : reset language assignments ( for text to speech and dictionaries ) for all decks . reset specific deck assignments on deck picker
the answer to your question most likely relates to this question " how do i change the google play country ? " . it details what you should do but read through the whole thing because the first answer requires you to make a purchase , but the second says how to do it without making a purchase .
if i remember well : in the language and input settings click the settings icon next google keyboard . you can then change the input languages settings and select multiple languages . finally go the advanced settings there should be a way to enable a key that allows you to easily switch your input method when typing ( from memory it was by holding the space bar ) bon courage !
so , i have figured out myself what caused the problem , thanks anyway : i tried uninstalling some apps i installed before and looks like " business calendar free beta " caused this problem . after i removed it , it works just fine and normal . and i did not liked it anyway and i think the standard app is good for me .
home screen shortcut we believe it is an android bug . in fact , as i could confirm on a custom build , adding FLAG_ACTIVITY_SINGLE_TOP fixed the problem for home screen shortcuts , despite its documentation indicating pretty the opposite , as below . we find those docs very poorly written , at least . according to the developer , this fix is going to work as long as main app activity stays on top ( that is , editing a sync job then pressing home button for tapping icon again is not going to work ) . if set , the activity will not be launched if it is already running at the top of the history stack . tasker and autoshortcut for some reason , the above fix does not work in autoshortcut . i do not know how different the intent sent by this plugin is from that of the home screen shortcuts . either way , i have reported the problem to the developer . regardless , i also just have set up a direct intent configuration in tasker , instead of using autoshortcut , as follows : action : com.bv.wifisync.run extra : itemId:&lt;id&gt; ( see below ) package : com.bv.wifisync class : com.bv.wifisync.Hosts target : Activity you have to replace &lt;id&gt; with the actual number of the job you want to run . in my case , 1 points to my computer , meaning it will run all of its jobs . knowing the actual number seems just like counting from top to bottom , but in case this fails , here 's how i have found it ( android sdk and grep required on desktop ) : enable debug mode on the phone . connect phone to computer 's usb . run adb logcat &gt; temp.log . start syncme . cancel the adb command . run grep "Validated job" temp.log , this should show you the ids .
this is how google voice works by design . here is the relevant exert from the help article : each time you place a call , instead of dialing the number you want to reach , google voice dials a us-based direct access number . the google voice server then forwards your call to the actual destination number . this allows for faster call setup and the ability to place calls without a data connection . these direct access numbers may show in your phone 's call log , or on your phone bill . a unique direct access phone number is assigned to each person that you call . the direct access numbers are stored in the google voice application , not in your contacts . they can be purged from your phone at any time by signing out of the google voice app . direct access numbers are assigned randomly , and may include numbers that are out of your local calling area , or even out of state . if you do not have a nationwide calling plan , you may be charged long distance rates by your carrier . basically unique , auto-generated numbers are assigned to your contacts as you dial them . these numbers do not change , but will be different from your contacts ' actual telephone numbers .
there is lots of apps that perform the function of restricting access to other apps . simply head to google play and search for " app locker " .
i do not think that developer released a version of that rom that is compatible with your device so my advice to you would be to go to the optimus 2x forum and find a jelly bean rom there or you can check out this link other roms :
the main reference resource site for modders and " cookers " of samsung spica aka i5700 is at samdroid forum board , here . it contains all information you need to upgrade your firmware version , root your phone , etc .
download es file explorer and uninstall gravity screen by going to app manager then select gravity screen and uninstall it .
according to the developer , those disabled checkboxes are not implemented . source . you can still proceed with the flash even if F. Reset Time is disabled / unchecked . there should be no problems with it .
it is a built-in feature of froyo , as long as the developer has built the app that way . however , you are mostly out of luck , unless you are willing to root your phone and install cyanogenmod and apps2sd or jump through the hoops bruce details in his answer . if you do have android 2.2 or higher , the app sdmove can be a big help in moving apps in bulk . sdwatch is also useful , as it monitors apps you install and alerts you if it can be moved the sd card . ( there are , of course , other apps that do the same things . they are just the ones i have used . )
ok , here is how i solved the problem : i followed the first part of the directions here : http://oldwiki.cyanogenmod.org/wiki/motorola_droid_2_global:_full_update_guide to wipe the flash and install older version of the motorola software . ( specifically , section 2.1.1 ) then i upgraded to the version that i was running before the update started attempting to run .
long press the home screen , select samsung widgets--> select program monitor
beyondpod ( $7 but well worth it ) will do everything you mentioned in your question . i have tried doggcatcher and a slew of free apps and i have found beyondpod to be the best . you sort you podcasts from newest to oldest , or oldest to newest , or longest to shortest , or shortest to longest . you can also break them up into categories which i find helpful . also , it is very good at remembering you place . i regularly start one podcast then switch to another , then another and find that i can always return to the unfinished shows without losing my place . there are also numerous autoupdate and auto delete options . you can set certain categories of feeds update on a certain schedule . you can set the auto delete globally , on the category level or at the podcast level , telling it to delete podcasts of a certain age , or tell it to only keep so many podcasts , or delete after listening . its also easy to mass delete all " listened to " podcasts with just two clicks .
there are numerous options available to you : titanium backup for ics upwards , settings > backup and reset > backup my data/backup account for gb , settings > privacy settings > backup my data last but not least , adb backup in that order of " user-friendliness " , from a android application that requires rooted access , in reference to titanium backup , to the least , using the command line adb backup .
it seems like others have had this problem as well : http://www.reddit.com/r/galaxynexus/comments/19y0a9/galaxy_nexus_screen_turn_on_durring_lock_screen/ http://productforums.google.com/forum/#!topic/mobile/pa5jzh-oj4o http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=39625 it is a bug in android 4.2 , specifically with the samsung galaxy nexus . i imagine you recently updated your phone , which is why it has only been occurring as of late . it looks like the cause is from app notifications being pushed to the device and waking it up . here are some common apps that have been known to cause this problem : wechat sleep mode apps mx player dropsync disabling auto-sync has also been known to solve this problem : settings> data usage> and disable auto sync and restrict background data some people have also had success just doing a factory reset . a lot of people have had a lot of success getting rid of this problem by reverting back to 4.1.2 . others have followed this approach and had a lot of success : i had this same problem and i tried disabling apps , uninstalling apps , and factory resetting all with no success . what fixed it for me was taking a very small flat-head screwdriver and gently bending the pins of the micro usb connector up ( towards the screen side ) . over time and through usage , those pins got bent downward , away from the screen side . i think this created some kind of electrical short . i tried this because when the phone was plugged in , the screen stayed asleep . my gnex is now working perfectly again . i hope this helps someone ! how to fix problem the problem is that the hooks inside your charging port are too close to the bottom . therefore with a small knife or needle , life the middle part up nearer to the screen and voila ! your problem should be fixed . its not the software . its the hardware . this seems to be a very weird problem with a lot of different causes . some people have had success with removing or modifying the software , other people think that it is the pin problem . if you get any of these solutions to work , let me know . hope this helps ! john
ok , this is embarrassing but i will leave it here for posterity anyway . tried another network and got slightly better performance ( probably b/c the hotspot had weak signal strength ) . after more investigation i realized that it was connecting to my network then disconnecting . turns out the password was wrong , but rather than actually telling me that , it just connected and then a few seconds later ( after i would left that screen ) it disconnects .
go keyboard also has an up button . you will just need to launch the editor .
they are cache directories that hold ads for games . i have read angry birds is one such game that uses those directories . yes , you could delete them , but they will keep coming back everytime a game reloads their ads .
from what i can make out from your scenario , it seems the culprit is the android 's dalvik cache . quote from a thread in xda forums:- when android starts up , the dalvikvm looks thru all of your applications ( . apk files ) and frameworks , and builds a tree of dependencies . it uses this dependency tree to optimize the bytecode for every application and stores it in the dalvik cache . the applications are then run using the optimized bytecode . this is why when you install a new rom , sometimes it takes a very long time to boot for the first time . any time an application ( or framework library ) changes , it is reoptimized and the cache is updated . and it seems that each time you reboot , the dalvik cache reoptimizes .
i heart radio and tunein radio are apps that let you stream fm radio stations . you select the sort of station you like and listen to the music they play . i personally use them for listening to talk radio , but same difference .
the tablet with the cpu you mentioned ( asus memo pad me172v ) is a single-core device . more info on the cpu can be found here . wondermedia technologies , a subsidiary of via technologies , has unveiled the prizm wm8950 , a single core cortex a9 processor running up to 800 mhz with a mali-400 gpu .
i realized that i am going on and on in comments for no real reason but perhaps this is better suited for an answer . the only honeycomb build i am aware of for the tab is this one on xda ( there are two versions , gsm and cdma ) . it is , for all intents and purposes , a bleeding-edge attempt to get honeycomb running on the tab . the developer refers to it as an " alpha " and essentially says to expect things to be buggy . since there is no public source code for the 3 . x releases of android yet , the build is based on an extracted image/filesystem from the android sdk , meaning that it is not optimized for the tab and probably lacks 3rd party drivers ( excepting any official 2.2 drivers that happen to be compatible with 3 . x ) . the gsm thread lists the following as " not working " under the current build , meaning this is the minimum you should expect to lose : in general , builds like this show up on devices when a new major release appears in the sdk but they tend to be fairly unstable and also fairly slow . the videos i have seen of this rom appear a bit more performant ( in general ) than other sdk ports i have encountered , but your experience may vary . as for restoring , the " factory reset " option does not usually touch system files on most devices , from what i know . it is possible i am mistaken on this and that the tab does actually restore the firmware , but i am not incredibly familiar with the tab . you will probably want to do a little digging to see what a " factory reset " actually means ( might be in your manual , perhaps ) . that being said , there are instructions for getting a verizon tab back to stock here , and there might be similar ones floating around for other carriers . if you can get a custom recovery on to your device then you can simply back up your system before trying honeycomb and then restore from the backup . the easiest way to do it is probably just to install rom manager and flash clockworkmod recovery from there . there appear to be manual instructions about but they vary by carrier . personally speaking : i would not use an sdk port for anything other than showing off to people ( which can admittedly be a whole lot of fun ) . in a production environment i definitely would not risk it , and i honestly never kept them installed for more than about 30 or 45 minutes at a time to play with before restoring to a stable rom . they were fun sneak-peaks , but i have always found them highly unreliable ( though " your mileage may vary " is probably a good catch phrase here ) . edit : a word of caution to wifi tab users , this post on one of the honeycomb threads indicates that the current roms ( as of 6/19/2011 ) will not work on a wifi tab . i personally can not verify the validity of this statement , but this would not surprise me as other devices ( e . g . the xoom ) have similar incompatibility among roms .
the shell you get from adb shell does not run with special privileges , so you can not read or write files that you would not be able to with a normal app . if you want to access apps ' private data files , you still need to get root permission in the usual way , and use su from the shell . it is not possible to bypass the permissions system . if you want to access inaccessible files , you need to root the device , then use a root app to access them .
generally for video out , you can connect them to your tv to get an even larger screen , for example , to watch videos . or you might be able to use it for doing presentations on a projector , instead of using a laptop .
stock keyboard ( as well as most 3rd-party keyboard apps ) has both auto-correct and auto-completion ( a . k.a. " suggestions" ) built in . access the keyboard settings via settings -> language and input -> android keyboard . from there you can enable and fine-tune the auto correction and suggestion options .
for locale , both gps and wifi triggers can drain the battery more quickly . locale 's built-in location condition can consider cell towers without gps if you set the diameter of the location condition to about 2km . there is also a locale condition plugin , " location ( energy-saving ) " , which uses cell towers to determine location . it takes advantage of the fact that the phone is already listening for towers . the biggest potential drawback for using the energy-saving location is when you are in an area dense with cell towers , like a major urban downtown with lots of tall buildings ( especially if you work higher up where lots of towers are visible to the phone ) .
easiest way would probably be to use clock work mod or twrp or some other recovery to create a snapshot of his phone as it is now . then you can simply flash back to his phone as it was . this will back up his current rom with all his apps , settings , etc . if you want a clean factory image , then do a factory restore on the phone and then back that up with a recovery . you might want to do both : backup as is now , with apps , settings and all , then factory restore and backup again . this way you can restore either to his phone as it is now , or to clean stock . but that is up to you . a very good tool for managing all this is jrummy 's rom toolbox ( there is a lite version also , not sure what is left out in the lite version ) .
i found a pre-installed app on the htc wildfire transfer data that transferred all contacts and sms from the old sonyericsson phone , it was exactly what i needed .
in android , a launcher is no different to any other kind of app . the launcher just has an extra intent filter that launches it when you press the home button . if you have more than one launcher app installed , you get a chooser dialog to select one , just like any other time you perform an action that more than one app can handle ( such as sharing a photo ) . android packages are not like packages in gnu/linux distributions . they have very limited access to the system , and can not leave files behind them after you uninstall them ( except on the sd card , if they request the permission needed to access it ) . except when allowed with specific permissions ( which you should always check before installing ) , the only real problem they can cause is using the resources of your phone : taking too much power , network , or storage . in this respect , you do not need to worry about an unstable launcher any more than any other kind of app you install . if my understanding is correct launchers like buzz launcher or go launcher significantly change how android looks , but the changes perhaps do not stop just there . i think you are overstating how much a launcher can do . all it changes is how your home screen looks , including the list of apps and widgets you get to from the home screen . a launcher does not affect the appearance of any other app , nor does it change how android works . it is just an app you launch by pressing the home button .
on an unrooted phone , apps run as distinct users , and do not have access to any files created by other users or system files , i.e. they are ' sandboxed ' . since they can not make any such changes , i would say the only thing they can leave behind is a little detritus on your sd card . on a rooted phone , an app which has been granted root access can do pretty much anything that is possible in the hardware . apps that have root permissions can write on non-read-only storage media ( including modifying the bootloader ) , modify other programs ' private data , modify system settings , modify system files , etc . a rooted app can also hide itself from the system , and pretend to be uninstalled while being perfectly well and alive . basically , rooted apps can do anything that the hardware allows updated to include lie ryan 's info on rooted apps .
an antivirus app will have a major effect on your battery life . a friend with an htc desire could not understand why he could never get more than 4 or 5 hours out of his battery , even turning most things off , until he remembered installing one of the av apps to try it out . removing that brought his battery life back up to what it should be . when the first android troojan virus hit back in august last year , similarly to the recent geinimi trojan , in both cases the affected user had to willingly install an app that was from a third-party source , and go through the permissions screen where the app specifically asks for permissions that it should not really need . an attentive and careful user can protect themselves from these kind of threats just by taking care to only install apps from trusted sources , and to read which permissions an app asks for as it installs , and stop to think whether it really needs to do things like read your contacts and send smss . the real problem will come when a virus learns to either break out of its app 's sandbox and into another , or learns how to give itself root access , or take advantage of the root access that someone else has installed . this is what the iphone worm of about a year ago did , when it took advantage of the fact that the most popular iphone jailbreak app left all jailbroken phones with the same root password by default , and most users never bothered changing the password . no android virus has yet been shown to be able to do that .
as the screenshot clearly shows , the app to take screenshots and the app to indicate the battery level never got closed . yes your are absolutely correct , even it display no of application are closed it actually free resources used by application . as per my understanding it closes some running services which are nothing but ui less applications . some applications which are installed in device uses this service for many reasons such as alarm clock , or to check periodic update of an applications etc . there are some service though that even you close them manually they just get restarted .
after some research i found some app on market that sets this global setting ( ' stayawake ' ) . missing setting looks like samsung or tmo customization . i am running official tmo 2.2 update ( t959uvka6 ) installed via minikies
from your description , there are two obvious possibilities . the first is that some static electricity or oil on the touch screen is causing it to think you are touching it . try giving the screen a good wipe . also , earth yourself by holding a metal water pipe with one hand , and cover the screen with your other hand . the alternative is a manufacturing defect in the touch screen . faulty touch screens are quite a common problem with cheaper tablets . if you can manage to do this with all the false touches , try to install a paint program from google play and run it on your tablet . leave the paint program running for a few minutes , and any false touches will paint on the screen . you can see where they are happening . you may see a pattern to them , such as all being in one strip of the screen , or always at one point . that would confirm that it is a fault in the touch screen , in which case you should return your tablet and get it replaced .
no . built-in drivers are not modules , they are built-in ( hence the name ) . if it is not showing in lsmod , you can not get rid of it short of building a new kernel .
you just need to add the --user 0 option to your am command .
you will have to be rooted to control from home screen . button savior root will do this for you . you can also download and install volume control + which allows you . to . modify the volume without a rooted device - you will have to use the widget or app ui however .
since you have evervolv 's rom i assume you have a custom recovery . backup all the files on your sd card . boot to recovery and partition your sd card . i would suggest at 1gb for sd ext .
as with your other question , i think you will have to use an app other than google 's voice actions to get this functionality ( at least at the current time ) . this is another feature that dragon supports , though . if you enable the " background wake-up " setting then you can use the phrase " hi dragon " to launch the app from anywhere , including when the screen is locked . for that matter , you can say " hi dragon " while the screen is off and it will wake up the device and launch dragon for you without requiring any manual input at all .
q : how does bump work ? a : there are two parts to bump : the app running on your device and a smart matching algorithm running on our servers in the cloud . the app on your phone uses the phone 's sensors to literally " feel " the bump , and it sends that info up to the cloud . the matching algorithm listens to the bumps from phones around the world and pairs up phones that felt the same bump . then we just route information between the two phones in each pair . q : no way . what if somebody else bumps at the same time ? a : way . we use various techniques to limit the pool of potential matches , including location information and characteristics of the bump event . if you are bumping in a particularly dense area ( ex , at a conference ) , and we cannot resolve a unique match after a single bump , we will just ask you to bump again . http://bu.mp/faq your phone has some idea of where you are using cell phone cells or wifi networks , the are several applications that use that . gps would only work outdoors . so using time of the bump and somewhat accurate location provided by either cell phone cells or wifi networks it can see which two phones are bumping .
it took a lot of effort but i actually found a working solution to my problem . i first updated my phone to latest available android version 2.3.6 and that did not solve my problem . so i installed an app that shows me more details about the network setup of my phone . and after some digging around i noticed what was wrong : my phone did not have a default ipv4 route . how did that happen ? in the dhcp i push a default route ( dhcp option 3 ) ! i realized that when i just had the ipv6 link ( which is part of a whole new internet connection ) my phone did connect to the internet with both ipv4 and ipv6 . so i recreated the original setup and found that in that scenario indeed it does work . so what is different ? it took me two nights with wireshark to track the culprit down . the real reason turns out to be that i have a static route for my dmz which is pushed by my ipv4 dhcp server ( dhcp option 121 ) . when i do that the android phone only shows a route for the local subnet and the additional route i pushed . the default route is lost , hence ipv4 traffic is distorted . apparently android even no longer tries to do ipv4 dns requests ( which is the problem i started with ) . all of my other systems ( windows {xp , 7} , linux , android 3 . x ) do not do this and they keep all of the pushed routes and the default route . once i figured out what the problem was i could google more effectively and i found this bug report : http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=17525 which in turn led to a workaround that actually works ! ! quote from http://forum.xda-developers.com/archive/index.php/t-635489.html so when looking at the dhcp ack packet you will see the default route in there twice : under option 3 and 121 . quite an unexpected workaround . . . but it works for me . it turns out the android behaviour is correct : http://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3442#page-5 "If the DHCP server returns both a Classless Static Routes option and a Router option, the DHCP client MUST ignore the Router option." 
it is perfectly possible to skip android versions , but 2.3 has not been released for the galaxy s . see when will my phone get the android 2.3 update ( gingerbread ) ? you could try a custom rom , however ; check out xda 's sgs development forum to find one .
install an app called audiomanager . it has separate vibrate checkboxes for alerts and ringer . setting the checkbox for alerts fixed the issue for me .
please clarify what is the intended goal and why ? android phones have their own boot-loaders and cannot be overridden by other means . it is not like a pc 's bios where you can switch the ordering of boot to boot from certain devices such as network pxe , usb , primary/secondary h.d.d. . . edit : after the comments below , and in relation to the op 's question is there any way to boot an android phone ( e . g . one with usb otg functionality . ) via way of a bus-powered usb drive the generic boot-loader ( *which resides on the chip-set ) has no knowledge of usb etc , as the lk ( little kernel ) is more concerned about trapping keystrokes in order to chain-load into recovery or to boot directly into android environment ( when holding vol+down key in this instance ) - in pseudo-code ( this is from the context/aspect of lk , and also , the memory addresses pertaining to how to read the partitions are hard-coded into this lk so it will know how to process the logic ! ) the lk kernel is the de-facto standard by qualcomm for msm chipsets ( snapdragon ) and adopted by manufacturers such as sony , motorola , lg , samsung and can be found in the aosp source under bootable/bootloader . if ( is volume down key pressed ? ) then chain-load kernel from /recovery partition into particular address in memory and jump to it and start execution , in bringing up the recovery environment else chain-load kernel from /system partition into particular address in memory and jump to it and start execution in bringing up the android environment . end if . as the kernel within lk is pretty limited , considering that the binary image of the kernel is burned into the chip and therefore no way of modifying it . and also should be mentioned that lk contains the fastboot protocol in preparation for flashing /boot , /recovery , /system and /data partitions . there are two sequences to boot , primary boot and secondary boot as it is : primary boot -> lk ( depending on outcome of logic ) go into secondary boot -> /boot or /recovery side note : samsung is fond of the pbl/sbl ( which is primary boot loader and secondary boot loader respectively ) in their jargon when it comes to modding . thing about samsung , is that , in some handsets , pbl and sbl may be encrypted ( samsung wave gt-s8500 is one such example , where porting android to it was nearly impossible to do because of the drm within the boot loaders which was a nightmare to deal with and made modding it extremely difficult , nonetheless , it is sort of working via an exploit in the fota code ! ) this is why there are no extra facilities such as otg functionality or anything else such as serial communications , reading from sdcard , graphics etc as it would make the lk kernel bigger than is intended . in other words , it is the smallest possible size of kernel that is designated to do just the above pseudo-code happen . also , another way of looking at it is this , and this is dependent on the android version - the usb otg functionality is fully brought up within the android environment , i.e. when the familiar home screen appears , then otg 's functionality is enabled . unfortunately not the case when looking at it from lk 's perspective . if you are curious , here 's the qualcomm entry on the above lk which is a part of the tiny c source that has arm assembly included and found in jellybean 's aosp source in bootable/bootloader/legacy/usbloader/main.c
you can do factory reset under such case . go to settings -> sd and phone storage -> factory data reset . i do not think an app without root can do it as apps are limited in their own sandbox .
this is more of a linux question , and it may need to be moved to superuser . se , but i can answer it . on linux , you string commands using &amp;&amp; ( or || or just ; ) . with &amp;&amp; , the first command must finish executing and have no error codes in order for the next command in the sequence to run . in your setup , it looks like you want to open an adb shell , and then run netcfg rndis0 dhcp on the adb shell . however , linux does not do that . instead , it is waiting for the adb shell to exit without errors , after which time it will run netcfg rndis0 dhcp on the desktop computer 's shell . if you want to run a command on the android device , you do not start an interactive adb shell ( the default ) ; rather , you pass the command like so : adb shell netcfg rndis0 dhcp you will need to change your alias for n to be a variable instead . remove the alias directive so the line just reads n='netcfg rndis0 dhcp' . then change your alias for t to be as follows alias t='r and and sh $n '
a search of the play store for the phrase " game services " finds about 20 games at the moment . additionally this google docs spreadsheet lists many games with game services integration : https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/lv?key=0aitefls7rhjydfzgufq5mfliu2iznfpmqtazc0jhmk
the system app , performancemanager . apk has the line hello world , pmeasyview ! in the resources . arsc file . this does not appear to be malware , just a mistake that this appears to some users with the motorola task / performance manager .
yes you have full 16gb for apps+data together in a single file system . you will not have to do any moving to sd card any more . google merged both partitions . it is just one big file system now with sections for the former parts . it is completely transparent , so no worries for you . formerly : /data and /sdcard were separate partitions galaxy nexus / nexus 7 and others running jelly bean : one single partition for both , i.e. no need to decide how to divide the space for both any more . to make it more generic : the partition layout will however not change for former phones ( most probably ) , so devices which got upgraded to 4 . x+ will still have separate file systems for both /data and /sdcard . if your device has an additional micro sd card this will also be separate still . by the way : this is the reason why there is no usb-thumbdrive functionality any more for the galaxy nexus ( because /sdcard is not a single partition any more and also there is no fat32 formatted partition internally ( except for sd cards if existent ) )
since you already did a factory reset , then i think that the problem lies in the /system/build.prop . are you rooted ? if so , connect your phone to your pc , make sure you have adb , and do this in a terminal : adb pull /system/build.prop  in the build.prop file you just copied from the phone , look for ro.sf.lcd_density . change the number to something low , like 160 or 240 . save the file , and do this in a terminal to put it back onto the phone : adb push build.prop /sdcard/build.prop adb shell su cp /sdcard/build.prop /system/build.prop chmod 0644 /system/build.prop reboot  if you are not rooted , then you would probably have to do a firmware reflash ; although i am not familiar with lg 's way of doing that .
when i first rooted my droid ( with easyroot ) , i remained on the stock rom until i got annoyed by the ota update message ( and ended up switching to cm6 ) . however , i was able to use wireless tether without doing anything else . no new kernel , no mods , nada . just root on vanilla android . if you have already updated to the latest version of android via ota , then i am pretty certain you had have to downgrade your phone to get root to work unless there is a new method to get root now . i know for a fact that easyroot no longer works with the ota update .
the availability option has been deprecated in hangout . to make yourself invisible or so , either you have to downgrade to gtalk or the easiest way you can do this by going to your gmail account from your pc . there you should find this availability option .
the usb port was damaged - and sent it back and got the new n7 instead ( 2013 model )
when connecting to a mac , it is no longer a direct option , but there is an easy workaround . from the mac , download , install and start this app : http://www.android.com/filetransfer/ the mac app will prompt you to connect your android . plug the android into a usb port . on the android , select “media sync” mode . on the mac , the file transfer app will show a window with file/folder selections . on the mac , open a finder window , then drag and drop files back and forth between finder and the android file transfer app . unlike the old “disk drive” option , the android file transfer app does not provide access via a mounted volume .
you can check with the corresponding wiki page at the cyanogenmod website to find the correct version of the gapps zip file . once downloaded , place it into the root of your sdcard , then reboot your device into ( custom ) recovery . from there , chose " install zip from sdcard " , and select the file you have just downloaded . that should install gapps on your device .
the google experience launcher is actually built into the google search app along with google now . this is why it can listen for ' okay google ' and have google now accessible via the left swipe . ars technica has a good article which goes into more details on this . there are some launchers that support gestures , which might be similar to the left swipe to access the google now page ( although they will only be able to launch google now in the same way an upward swipe does ) . i do not think there are any that support saying ' okay google ' from the homescreen though .
this sounds like a typical bluetooth interference problem . it happens to me from time to time , but i did not notice any correlation with the android version i use ( neither on n1 nor ns ) .
your best bet would probably be using a dlna server app ( this one , for example , though there are lots of others ) on one device and an appropriate player ( example ) on the other devices . not sure if it would work over a hotspot tether though , but there are free apps available for both ends , so it can not really hurt to try . edit : oh , misunderstood the question . that is about as easy . there are several apps on the store for running a camera server , like this one , for example . you then can use any compatible player to connect and view the camera feed
long-tapping on the home screen is how widgets used to be added in earlier android versions , up to about 2.1 . some devices ( such as samsung ones ) still offer the old way on the manufacturer 's stock home screen : adding widgets is a feature offered by the launcher , so some third-party launchers may have yet different ways . on the stock android launcher , go to the app drawer ( the list of all apps ) , and click widgets at the top . find the one you want ( there are several pages ) , and long-tap it to pick it up , then drag and drop to the space you want on the home screen . you can drag to the left or right edge to change home screens . once you have dropped it , you can drag the blue highlight to resize the widget ( if it is resizable ) .
see this very good answer on electronics se for details . basically it is a side effect of the charger circuitry operation - it is by design , you can not change it . if that disturbs you - either find another charger , or bring this one further from you , do not try to silence it with an enclosure - that may lead to overheating .
install their new extension , sync bookmarks with chrome flawlessly https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/dolphin-connect/pajecklcmiegagoelbbjldmfcbcpdpll have fun : )
hopefully this app is your answer : gm alarm as mentioned in google play , this app has different alarm sounds and you can select the option for random alarm sounds each day . and the alarm sound will not repeat as it maintains a history for previous alarm sounds . might be useful for you .
if you are using launcherpro go to your home screen , press Menu -&gt; Preferences -&gt;Backup homescreen &amp; settings to backup and Restore backup is in the same place . this can not restore your widgets but remembers their places though . also some app-specific shortcuts need to be recreated ( in my case , shortcuts to k-9 mail mailboxes ) .
an edge connection by itself is so slow compared to the normal torrent download speeds that it makes no sense to optimize the downloads . the ping times on the connection are so high that constant peer switching will slow the download if you attempt to download from several peers simultaneously . your best bet would be to try to find a couple of good peers to fill your bandwidth and stick with them , or stop+restart the torrent to get new peers .
use titanium backup , it'll fit your needs .
asus provides two launchers in their 4.2.1 rom - they differ as you descibed in your question . the one with the notifications in the lower right is the same one as used in their 4.1 rom and the one with the notifications at the top is the vanilla android 4.2 launcher . you can switch between them at will by opening settings and then navigating to device -> launcher ( it requires a reboot to switch ) .
i can think of two reasons why a cm rom might reduce battery life : cpu governor : the cpu governor controls the frequency of the cpu depending on the requirement . your rom might be using a governor that favours performance over battery life . selecting a governor that achieves a good balance between performance and battery life might help you . you can learn more about cpu governors here battery calibration : the battery status is stored in a file called batterystats . bin . its possible that your phone is using the same batterystats . bin that came with the rom . you can use an application like battery calibration to regenerate this file with new/accurate stats . ( a myth according to this )
this functionality magically appeared in the google plus app on android last week , so now problem is solved . the chromecast icon now appears when on the net with a chromecast device .
it is not a usb mic , but i have found a solution for external mic via 3.5 mm jack . look at my answer on this question : how do i use an external microphone with my galaxy nexus ?
according the google 's developer page here , google play is not required for admob to work . from the site : the google play services library supports even devices that do not have the google play store . to update such devices , download and bundle the latest google play services sdk ; then relaunch your apps to propagate updates to your users . devices that do have the google play store are automatically updated to the latest version . there is also an answer here which explains that google play services is not required to be able to have ads served to android devices . if google play services is not on the device , the version you compile with your app will fetch the ads instead .
last . fm picks up the intents apps like pocket casts and google music send to bluetooth devices , and hacks that into their scrobble implementation . i guess they figured google were never going to support them explicitly so that was their only way in . to stop pocket casts from scrobbling you had un-tick the google music option in last . fm . the fine people of pocket casts ( read : us ) are planning to put in a setting that turns off that bluetooth data , which would also turn off scrobbling . we looked into the last . fm api and there is nothing extra we can send to tell them to ignore us , which would be a better solution , since it would mean keeping the blue tooth meta data as well .
linda file manager allows you to do that . just long press the file and select create shortcut . a shortcut icon shall appear on your home screen as a side note , it is also a nice file manager . there might be tons of other options , though .
the answer is "android.clients.google.com" with port 5228 ( tcp ) .
what do we do too set the default apps for the applications running on the system ? i assume you meant to ask how to set default apps for certain actions/tasks , such as taking a picture , writing an email , opening a web page etc . the answer really depends on which version of the android os your device is running , and also to a lesser extent , who the manufacturer of the device is . if you consider a google nexus device running the latest version of stock android ( 4.4 kitkat ) , the os presents you with a picker dialog to select which app you would like to launch to complete the task . in the screenshot below , i attempted to launch a camera to take a picture : screenshot ( click image for larger variant ) you can select one of the options and then select " always " or " just once " . as the buttons indicate , your selection will either persist for future tasks or you will see this picker-dialog every time . if this list changes because you uninstalled the app that you had marked as " always " or if you installed new apps that can handle the same task , this dialog will be presented again . certain device manufacturers ( or oems ) may choose to modify this behavior as part of their " skinning/customization " of android . htc famously changed this behavior for some of their devices ( for a slightly technical explanation of their change , read here ) . you can also see how this dialog picker has changed historically here . what do we do too set the default apps for the applications running on the system ? you need to perform an action that multiple apps on your device are capable of handling so that the above dialog presents itself . it is hard to know when this dialog will present itself since apps and their capabilities change all the time . for example , if you installed a new camera app , you can make it the " default " camera app by trying to launch the camera from elsewhere in the system or other apps ( like hitting a button that says " take a picture" ) . is there a centralized settings on android ? short answer : no ( but as of android 4.4 , you can set a default " homescreen " app from the device settings-> home . note that you will only see this option if you have multiple homescreen apps ) however , if you did set an app as the default handles for certain tasks , and you wish you no longer keep it the default , you can navigate to it is " app info " page ( device settings-> apps-> pick your app ) and hit the " clear defaults " button .
you can find out by issuing the command mount at a terminal prompt ( either via adb shell of using any terminal app ) . as i have no access to your sdcard , i cannot answer the question for sure ( i could only tell you about mine , where the relevant parameters are set as codepage=cp437,iocharset=iso8859-1,shortname=mixed,utf8 . so it is " latin-1" ( iso-8859-1 ) , which seems quite logical with a fat file system , and probably is also used in your case . full list of options :
i think this post provides some information about it . it also seems to be consistent with what i have tried . instead of partitioning the sd card , mounting an .img with a ext4 filesystem is a simple workaround .
it is not yet supported . from viberfaq ( answer posted a month ago ) : at the moment it is unfortunately not possible . you can uninstall viber , and when you reinstall , stickers will be gone from your sticker folder ( but this will unfortunately result in message history deletion ) . in the future we plan to add a feature that lets you remove stickers from your folder .
titanium backup etc just use in-built Package Manager (pm) to freeze an app . pm has a feature to prevent apps from running and from appearing in launcher . to use it , titanium backup etc execute following command : pm disable {package_name} you can freeze apps by yourself without using a dedicated freezer app . just use the above command in terminal emulator or ADB Shell . for example , if you want to freeze Stock Web Browser , open Terminal Emulator and switch to root using su command . then , execute # pm disable com.android.browser . it'll return #Package com.android.browser new state: disabled . done ! restart your launcher ( some devices may require reboot ) to see the app icon gone . to defrost the app , just replace disable with enable in the command .
nxp 's nfc taginfo app can copy the text from a text record on a scanned nfc tag to the clipboard . there are other apps with similar functionality . copying text from text records on nfc tags is not something that is built into android without installing and running an app .
the samsung galaxy y is a low spec phone and most importantly this can be observed with its display . some common models in comparison ( by resolution , pixel per inch , screen size , price ) : galaxy y : 240x320 , 132 ppi , 3.0in , 110eur galaxy ace : 320x480 , 165 ppi , 3.5in , 190eur galaxy nexus : 720x1280 , 316 ppi , 4.65in , 410eur the text is blurry because there are much less pixels per inch to allow it to display text beautifully . you most probably can see individual pixels without a magnifying glass in comparison to " hd " displays like the galaxy nexus ' and such .
the hboot flash region is protected from accidental/unwanted/etc writes . you need an exploit most probably . i found this thread : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1486201
99% of the time the led means " new , dismissable notification " . i am unsure exactly how the led color is chosen , but it seems to be based off the homescreen icon of the app ; imo has a blue icon/led , messanging ( texts ) has a green icon/led , and gmail has a while icon/led . the color is consistent each notification from the app , so you will learn which color means which sort of notification . you can also apparently control it via applications ( and presumably by tinkering with system settings somehow ) : light flow can set the colors for nexus 4 notifications per-app . i have not tried it myself , but it claims nexus 4 support . you can see ( i believe ) all the colors the led can show in this ( surprisingly long ) video . most of the colors chosen are easily distinct to anyone with typical color vision . if you have partial colorblindness or apps with overlapping notification colors , the notification color changing apps might be of use to you . the led can also flash red when the battery is extremely low and the device will not otherwise turn on .
as it turns out , the problem was caused by deleting wpa_supplicant . wikipedia can offer a little insight on what that means : in addition to being a full-featured wpa2 supplicant , it also implements wpa and older wireless lan security protocols . it further is responsible for the job to review a list of currently visible networks , select one of them , provide any additional security information needed to authenticate with the network ( e . g . a passphrase or username and password ) and add it to the preference list to enable automatic reconnection in the future . as it is said : curiosity killed the cat -- and deleting wpa_supplicant makes it quite impossible to use wifi . there are three corresponding files on android : /system/bin/wpa_supplicant is a binary ( i.e. . the program itself ) /system/etc/wifi/wpa_supplicant.conf is the default configuration ( as the path correctly suggests , in the read-only /system area ) , which also includes device-specific settings , plus some " inline documentation " in form of comments /data/misc/wifi/wpa_supplicant.conf is located in the writable part . it repeats some of the contents from the system file ( most likely copied from there on initialization -- as /data gets completely wiped on a factory reset , those things must come from somewhere ) , but skips the comments . furthermore , this file memorizes those networks you have connected to , including ssid , encryption used , and the passwords , all in plain text [ sic ! ] -- that is where those " wifi password recovery " apps get their information from so if the latter config was deleted , it simply would be re-created after a boot . of course , all your saved networks would be lost -- but that is a minor issue compared to the others : if the system-config file gets lost , the binary does not now where to look for the interface , as that is configured here ( e . g . ctrl_interface=tiwlan0 ) . this would also explain the missing mac address : no known device , no known mac address . still , recovery from that should not be too hard : there are not too many different interface names , and other settings ( like the chipset used ) can be taken from specifications -- so root provided ( which is the case , or you could not have deleted it ) , you could re-create a matching file with a little try-and-err . if the binary was removed , options are narrow without a backup . having a similar device available running the very same rom , you could extract the binary from there ( the config as well , or course ) . if you have at least an image available for your current rom , you could extract it from there as well . if all above fails : yes , flashing a rom would solve the issue as well -- as this rom should contain the necessary files . it is quite unlikely you damaged your hardware that way .
if it happens when the phone is off it is gotta be a bad hardware connection . i am guessing on of the leads just barely makes contact or something . you may want to get a replacement .
kineto is the company that makes the wifi calling software that is present on some tmobile phones such as the g2 . unfortunately this software is poorly written . to make matters worse it is only possible to stop or remove the software if you root your phone . ( more accurately it is not your phone - it is tmobile 's phone to do with as they please . ) coincidentally i contacted kineto support yesterday to complain . if more people do that maybe it will get fixed . it constantly spews out log messages at the error level every second or so , despite the messages not being errors you cannot stop the software ( needs root ) and the constant logging still happens even if you disable wifi calling sometimes the software gets confused and you have to reboot the phone to get it working again they have not structured it like most android apps separating the user interface from the service it looks to me like they had an existing codebase that they ported to android hence its poor structure and operation .
there is . all that has to be done is having the media scanner run and update the index . turning the device off and on again triggers this , but ( as you said ) is not a very convenient way . unmounting/mounting the sd card would trigger it as well ( and can be done via settings&rarr ; storage ) -- already a little better , but still not very user-friendly . the most easy way would be to have an app like e.g. rescan media taking care for it . rescan sd might be even more convenient , as it offers a widget . just tap it , wait for the scan to finish , and your mp3 file should be visible from your music players .
" why " is not a question well suited for our site , as it probably is a speculative question and such off topic ( see our [ faq ] ) . although , a short technical explanation : the company building your rom decided such . " how can i disable them " would be better fitting , and even has answers : if you cannot disable them from settings&rarr ; apps&rarr ; manage apps , you will need to root your device . having done that , there are several apps available allowing you to " freeze " unwanted system apps . the most well-known of them is titanium backup which , as a side-effect , provides you with a powerful backup solution . another candidate for that is app quarantine root/freeze .
i can not speak to the instructions you linked to , but @ryan conrad is correct in saying galaxy s and galaxy s ii devices should not be treated the same . whenever i have had gps trouble the gps status and toolbox app has helped me . in their tools menu you can use the reset or download a-gps data options - those steps seems to reset my gps when it hangs .
the fastest way i know is from the home screen click menu-> settings-> applications-> running services . there are some task manager applications , though from what i have read they may be more trouble than their worth as far as bugginess and/or eating through your battery quickly .
in settings , goto applications > internet > clear defaults . next time you perform a search it should ask you which you would like to use and simply select dolphin .
goto settings> location and security> device administrators remove the check mark from afaria , and select deactivate , then remove the application
there are many apps in play store which support multiple touch gestures . for example you can zoom in or out in many video players like ( mx player , bsplayer ) e-book readers like mantano reader uses two finger touch to scroll pages . . . gesturecontrol app is totally based on multi-touch and gestures . . .
i could start with the very same lamentations : no root no fun . as except for root only the app itself can access its data , there is no real way around -- except . . . but first an elegant alternative to the mentioned titanium backup : while running both ( rooted ! ) devices simultaneously , appsync can synchronize apps and data . so you could even start some game on one device , sync , and continue on the other -- just to give you one example . the one possibility without root requires at least ics ( android 4 . x ) . i am not sure whether this works betwenn different devices ( or whether some device component is used for encryption ) , but as far as i understood it should do : using adb backup and adb restore , which requires the android sdk installed on your computer , and is described in detail in the article on full backup of non-rooted devices .
i find moving the cursor to a particular place in some text far more accurate using the trackball than trying to select it by prodding the touchscreen . i would say that there might not be a specific use case which can not be accomplished using only the touchscreen but that there are certainly tasks for which using the trackball is easier . it is all probably quite subjective though , and depends on user preference .
you can try unrevoked if you have the right htc phone . i have not tried it , but people say it does not wipe the phone . the other one you can try is superoneclick which also roots the phone without wiping i believe .
this has basically been answered in the comments above but i will wrap it all up into an answer : no , you can not play songs that have apple 's fairplay drm protection on your android phone without removing the drm protection ( which technically violates apple 's toc ) . as edarerathis pointed out , songbird does not actually support fairplay drm'd media , quicktime does , so songbird ( like realplayer ) uses quicktime to decode the songs and play them . it wont work without quicktime installed and so you can not use this functionality in linux or android .
yay ! thanks to a lot of help from izzy , i was able to extract the name of the launcher activity from keep 's manifest . so that means that the console command is : am start -a android.intent.action.MAIN -n com.google.android.keep/.BrowseActivity  it goes without saying to make sure to preserve proper capitalization ( casing ) . if you want me to find out the names of any of the other activities ( so your command launches that activity instead of the main page ) , just let me know !
the message means that your internal and/or external sd card are being scanned for media files . if you have recently added a lot of files , this can take some time . if this is not the case , the indexing might be broken . i would suggest backing up your data from the phone 's internal storage and your sd card , formatting both and trying again . if the problem persists , do a full factory reset . otherwise , try adding the data from the backups to the phone and see if the camera still works . if i remember correctly , you can find the setting to format the internal memory in Settings -&gt; Storage -&gt; Internal memory -&gt; Format and the full factory reset in Settings -&gt; Security -&gt; Factory reset , but these depend on your android version and might be relocated somewhere else .
according to this thread , you need to use software like pdanet to get it to work .
try this friendcaster for facebook app . this has a feature to upload multiple pictures from gallery .
enter the main device settings , and from the my device page , choose lock screen . click on the screen lock item to see the list of screen lock methods , and change it to whichever type you like ( perhaps swipe or none ) . you will have to enter the existing password ( or pin ) to make the change . if you are using your phone to connect to a corporate exchange server , or similar , then a security policy on the device might force you to have a password ( or possibly a pin , depending on the policy ) . in that case , you will have to speak to your network administrator to get the policy removed before you can remove the password .
titanium stores the . apk 's in /sdcard/TitaniumBackup/ and the data in the same folder in zip files . you can click the . apk to install it when viewing in a file manager . to restore the data , you can extract the zip file on a pc and copy the contents of the data folder ( another folder named something like com.domain.appname ) to /data/data/ on the device using adb : adb push com.domain.appname /data/data/
you do not need to make your own folders . the proper file to put the mp3s is /system/media/audio/ - where you will find folders for /alarms , /notifications , and /ringtones there are two things to keep in mind when doing this : if you are using full-sized . mp3 's , you will put considerable strain on the system when it comes time to load one . in my experience , two minutes of mp3 works fine for an alarm , but such a file takes a few seconds to load , and will not make for a suitable ringtone , unless you trim the file first . you will have to re-do this every time you flash a new rom . an alternative to this -- is to have them in /sdcard/media/ -- but if you have an older device , having them in the root directory allows for better performance . hth !
in google chrome for android , go to Settings &gt; Content settings &gt; Website settings . select the website in concern , and clear the data / cache for it .
the facebook for android does not currently support groups and pages . try accessing these features via http://m.facebook.com or http://touch.facebook.com
i know the built-in android mail client does not sync read status with hotmail . have you tried the official hotmail client ? it does seem to support most of hotmail 's more advanced features .
i have a roku that is hooked up to my tv . i use plex to handle streaming videos from my pc and other devices . rokus are pretty cheap and plex has done what i need .
your native camera app does not support picture effects as the sony devices with jb update . so you have to go for a third party camera app . there are several good apps out there . fisheye camera photo effects pudding camera fxcamera
rooting will not affect any applications that are already installed . all you are doing is giving yourself administrator rights to your phone . you will not have to wipe/reload , etc . unless you plan on installing a custom rom . if you do want to install a custom rom , i highly recommend using titanium backup to backup all of your apps and their data . also do a nandroid backup ( it is like making an image of your phone that you can restore to ) right after you root and before you do anything major to your phone ( such as installing a rom ) .
this depends a little on the device and what version of android you have . on versions of android later than 4.1 you can access safe mode by bringing up the power down menu ( i.e. . hold the power button ) and long pressing the " power off " option . this will bring up a little dialog box that will ask if you want to reboot into safe mode . the addition is noted on the android web site under " system " changes . on some older phones - though not all will necessarily support this - there may be a button combination that you can hold at boot to get into safe mode instead . for example , the galaxy s2 used to allow you to hold down the hard menu button during the boot process to start up in safe mode . others have used ( i believe ) holding both volume up and volume down . check your user manual ( or google ) for your specific device to find more information , including whether or not the device supports safe mode at all . as to what " safe mode " means - it generally disables third party apps and widgets , to help you recover from a bad app install , give you a chance to remove a possibly rogue/malicious app , or simply determine what apps may be causing problems in your system .
i am assuming you mean microsd , not sd . sounds like the card is broken . you could try formatting it as ext3 or fat and see if either work . also , see if it works on a pc ( you can get a microsd/usb adapter for next to nothing ) .
you have not mentioned your android version , if it is android 4.0+ , i fear you cannot do this . there is no option to show contacts with phone numbers only in People app that is included in 4.0+ . if you are on gingerbread or earlier versions , you have a setting something like this : Contacts app - &gt; Menu -&gt; Display Options -&gt; Only contacts with phone numbers  i am talking about stock android apps , your manufacturer / rom builder may have a tweak depending on what rom are you running . i do not see a chance , but still a possibility . see this similar question .
so this turned out to be a pretty easy fix , once it dawned on me what it was . i just recently installed the xposed framework , and the xprivacy module . when i uninstalled the old hangouts , it must have deleted all the old permission settings in xprivacy , and then when i reinstalled it , it defaulted to maximum restriction . with access to the phone accounts restricted , hangouts was not able to see my google accounts . the fix was as simple as fixing the permission settings for hangouts in the xprivacy module .
i eventually tracked this down using the app " task identifier " . it is a bit awkward to use and has an odd interface , but it also has the useful feature of showing an alert if apps activate when the phone is sleeping . it turned out that the problem was the sync service from the doubletwist app , and it appears that it was indeed caused by an inappropriately-used acquire_causes_wakeup wakelock . i have e-mailed them a bug report .
probable answer by guessing what you are doing : if all those unwanted pictures are also displayed in the galery , and you use some " media-importing-software " ( as opposed to just copying files in explorer yourself ) : this importing software is probably contacting your android device 's media server for " media of the type image " , so it gets all images returned the media service knows about . no big help up to this , but : you can tell the media service to exclude directories from its library by placing an empty file named .nomedia there ( the leading dot is essential in the file name ! ) . as soon as the media scanner finds that file , the entire directory it resides in ( including all subdirectories ) is skipped . if there are any pictures , videos or sound files , they will not show up in the galery ( but you still can access them via a file browser if you want ) , and the media service will not even know they exist . so the next time it is asked for " all media of type image " , those files will not be mentioned .
setup the phone as a modem . still most android phones can be setup as a wifi hotspot . following urls may help you http://benchmarkreviews.com/index.php?option=com_contenttask=viewid=658itemid=38 http://blogs.computerworld.com/smartphones/20726/android-wifi-hotspot
there are some flashable . zip versions floating around , but people seem to have mixed success with them . generally speaking , installing the . apk in a traditional manner will cause fc issues . there is a couple of thread s over on the cm forums with links to zips you can try . here 's one such thread for market v2.2.6 ( the first version with the new style ) . you might need to do a little hunting if you want the most recent version ( 2.2.11 , i believe ) . some people have also reported success using the latest mdpi version of gapps instead of the mdpi-tiny version , but i am not sure how likely that is to work . as with most other modifications , i would recommend making a nand/ti backup before you do this . i flashed a newer market on my evo but it caused a bootloop the first time i tried . i think i ultimately ended up clearing my data/ and cache/ partitions , then clearing my dalvik-cache , then flashing the new market . you might not have to do something that excessive to get it to work , but it seemed to do well on my phone .
search light is open source , has no unnecessary permissions , and has a nice set of operating modes .
i am not an electrical engineer , but i am pretty sure there is either more current flowing through a wall charger than there would be a usb charger or . . . the same amount of current which is just flowing faster from the wall than from the usb port which is why the wall charger will fully charge your battery faster . that heat is totally normal and nothing to worry about ( unless it gets hot enough to burn skin , then i would recommend not touching it ) .
has every subsequent reboot taken just as long ? if so take the phone into a local store or call your carrier support line and ask them to wipe your phone so you can start out fresh . see if a fresh start helps .
i think i found the solution . i need to be root to move the apps .
to use an attached usb device you need to have : a usb otg ( usb on-the-go ) cable usb host mode drivers loaded on your device a version of the android operating system loaded on that device that supports usb host mode an android device ( eg phone or tablet ) that has built-in hardware support for usb host mode and finally there need to be drivers on your device , for whatever usb device you are plugging in . operating system usb host mode support was introduced in android version 3.1 ( honeycomb ) , so if you have android 3.1 , or newer installed on your device then you should have the necessary support for it in your os , android 4 also adds additional usb and otg support . also , many third-party roms add support for usb host mode to phones that have the hardware support , but do not have the necessary os or driver support in the official operating system release . host mode drivers most devices that have both hardware support and a new enough os will have the necessary drivers loaded to enable usb host mode , but some do not . you can find driver apps on the play store for some models that do not have built in drivers . some models with 3rd party instructions and drivers available are : nexus one htc desire htc incredible cable you can not just use a normal usb cable . as these devices can act as both a usb " slave " device ( for instance so that you can plug them into a pc and copy music onto your phone , or copy pictures off the phone ) and a usb " host " ( for example so that you can plug a usb memory stick into your tablet and copy files on or off it ) they need some way to tell which they should act as at a given time . a usb otg ( usb on-the-go ) cable is what is used to tell your device to act as a host , this is like a normal usb cable but it has one of the internal pins connected to ground at one end to let that device know that it should act as the host ( technically pins 4 and 5 are shorted to ground in an otg cable ) . additionally , as most phones have micro-usb sockets , but most usb dongles have " full-size " usb plugs , as below many otg cables have a male micro-b usb plug at one end , and a female usb-a plug at the other to convert between the different sized connectors . the motorola camera connection kit , which is a usb otg cable usb otg cables can be bought fairly cheaply on places like ebay or the amazon marketplace , as well as many small electronics shops . you may also find that your device 's manufacturer sells an official , branded one , often called something like a " camera connection kit " or " usb memory stick connection cable " . if you are brave you can also find various tutorials on the web on how to make your own otg cable from a standard usb cable . usb device drivers when you plug your usb device into your android phone or tablet it needs to know what that usb device is and what to do with it . for common devices , like usb memory sticks , or cameras that support pptp or usb mass storage , these will often already be built into the os . for other usb devices , like wifi , 3g or bluetooth dongles there may not be drivers pre-built into the os , or only drivers for certain specific devices . how to test everything together there are some apps that can help you test whether you have all of the necessary hardware and software to do this , such as usb host diagnostics . using it to test your device 's capabilities is very simple install usb host diagnostics from the play store run it tap the start diagnostics link , and following the directions first ensure that you have nothing plugged into usb on your device and then plug a device ( such as a usb flash drive ) in when prompted if everything works you should end up with a summary screen like this , showing firstly a few details about your device and the running os , then letting you know whether or not your device says that it supports usb host mode , and then the all important final verdict that lets you know whether testing the host mode access worked or not : if everything is working and the app successfully detected your usb device ( showing that your usb host mode is working ) you should have " yes"s in the ringed sections , and some details showing how much access 3rd party ( ie non-built-in ) apps have to the device . if not , there should be details there to help you track down where the problem is . alternatively , chainfire , the author of usb host diagnostics , has a ( long ) listing of all the reports that people have submitted after running the test on their devices . you can look your device up in the list and see if people with your device and operating system version have passed all of the tests , or not . have a look for your device here : http://usbhost.chainfire.eu/
in my case it did not seem to have anything to do with any software configuration or combination on my phone and was purely hardware related . this is not to say that in some cases the software you may or may not have on your device would be causing a memory leak / stack overflow and causing your device to reboot as a result . i could not , and would not , believe it , but after adding a small piece of paper between the battery and the phone under the back cover , my xperia arc has not rebooted for 3 weeks , whereas before it would reboot around twice a day . once again , thanks all for the suggestions and comments . i will continue to monitor my phone , but i do not foresee any future reboots . . . related to the battery anyway . . .
this is a known bug , and it is not entirely clear if it is the sms application or android 's sms implementation itself . you can see the ticket here , which was closed on jan 29 , 2011 . the fix has been slow getting out to phones other than the nexus line because carriers have not released updates that include it . one option in the meantime would be to try an alternative sms app , such as handcent or chompsms . however , though many people say that it does help , others have reported that the bug still persists on 3rd party apps . there is also a reportedly related bug that causes outgoing messages to be sent to the wrong recipient . the " opening the wrong thread " bug was closed as a duplicate of the " wrong recipient " bug , as the fix for the latter apparently applied to the former ( according to google ) .
short answer you did the right thing , and do not need to be afraid . that popup was most likely caused by some javascript on the visited web site to make you download/install something really bad . it does not mean you are infected . explanation there are a couple of things to consider . first , if the popup really said " you have a virus " , your reacting was fully correct ( and the popup bluntly lying ) : there are no viruses for android , at least not " in the wild " . i know , the term got mixed up , and when speaking about anti-virus people really mean " an app against all kind of malware " . but no serious av app would speak of " you have a virus " , as that is technically incorrect . mixing in your " fear " from the second paragraph here : exactly that is what matches a virus definition , and makes it different from all other kinds of malware : the ability to " multiply itself " . as you 100% sure have no " virus " on your device , no need to be afraid about that . for details on the above , please see e.g. wikipedia : the defining characteristic of viruses is that they are self-replicating computer programs which install themselves without the user 's consent . there you see why a virus is close to being impossible : on android , the user is always asked for his " consent " when something is installed . now for the last part : who should have caused that popup ? do you have any av app installed and active ? your question does not suggest such . so if you have no such app installed , who should have popped up that warning ? android does not do that . so the most likely candidate was a part of the site you have visited . that is rather so-called scareware trying to make you install something bad . believe me , you did the right thing – and would possibly have been in trouble if you had acted differently .
that nokia code is a myth , it does not provide you with any more power , it actually does more harm than good if you are low on battery because it activates the better voice codec ( which consumes more battery ) . however , on android you have this feature called battery saver . here 's my settings screen for this function on a lg phone ( accessed by going to settings > battery > battery saver ) battery saver screen ( click image for larger variant ) the exact name for this feature varies from manufacturer to manufacturer . on a samsung phone it is called power saving mode . on a motorola phone it is called battery saver . this function can be activated manually or automatically when your battery reaches critical state ( 15% or below ) . what it does is turn off some non-essentials features of your phone ( bluetooth , nfc , sync , vibration , etc . ) so the battery can last a bit longer until you can reach a charger . however , your best bet when your battery is low is to limit screen usage , since it is the most power-hungry component of the phone . also , if you can cool down your phone somehow , do so . also , i found extra batteries and/or external batteries to be a better solution for the battery problem , but not everyone can afford them , so this function is your second-best option .
there is an application which does it pretty well . check out at https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.argotronic.touchblocker
jelly bean upgrade ( 4.2 ) add support for group messaging . so , two solutions : upgrade your phone to jelly bean 4.2 . install a third party application that handles it : this one seems to have a fair number of good reviews .
i have reason to believe that this may be a bug caused when the web app has a large number of bookmarks . in System Settings -&gt; Accounts and sync i turned off Sync Web under my google account . then i went to Manage Apps , clicked the all tab , and hit the Clear Data button . this reduced the usage of the web app to 1% when in the background . when i enabled Sync Web to import all my chrome bookmarks , then disabled it , the problem showed itself again . i reproduced this problem twice .
in response to @zuul 's comment below his answer , usage of the ln -sf /mnt/emmc /mnt/sdcard is not the appropriate way of dealing with it , because it is a soft-link and forcing it that way , can lead to some mis-behaviour of apps who are relying on the sdcard 's mount point , by way of refusing to work with it , play store can fail in this regard . the best solution is to use this : by using busybox , explicitly bind the mount point to make /mnt/emmc behave exactly like a sdcard , i.e. : /system/xbin/busybox mount -o bind /mnt/emmc /mnt/sdcard which will show up as a mount point in the proper way , if this was a soft-link it would end up like this - /mnt/sdcard -&gt; /mnt/emmc  google play store , as i mentioned has an internal checking mechanism to see if the directory is not a link ( it will return a error of -22 iirc ) .
yeah they will auto update as long as you have enabled it under settings in play store . keep it in your mind though , rooting or installing custom rom will void warranty .
you cant sync addons or settings between the pc and android due to differences in the platform . the only things which can be synced are bookmarks , passwords , history and even open tabs . firefox 11 's addon sync works only between the pc versions
it looks like this is either specific to the hardware of the camera or even the software the manufacture using on the device . i have a samsung galaxy s ( vibrant ) and i can pause and resume video recording . my previous device , the htc dream ( adp1/g1 ) could also pause and resume ( from what i can remember ) .
it seems that the problem was the encoding that windows media player used . it uses the windows hebrew code-page ( 1255 ) . i used foobar2000 with the chacon plugin to change it to the mac hebrew code-page ( 10005 ) which seems to be supported by my phone .
i gave up and did a factory reset . since then , the phone has been working for 5 days in a row . . . so it seems like at least the reboots are gone ( i hope not to jinx it . . . ) . i have also noticed that since the reset , the battery lasts at least twice longer than before . i have fewer installed apps , which should lead to a slight battery life improvement , but this is not slight , it is the double . before the reset , at night ( no data connections , no wifi ) , the phone consumed about 1% of its battery per hour . now it is consuming less than 1% in the whole night . obviously there was something wrong before the factory reset . i hope everything is fine now . . . in case it is helpful for anybody else , this what the samsung customer service told me to do : start the phone in secure mode for a couple of days . that means that only preinstalled apps will work . so if that solves the problems , there is an app causing them . to enable secure mode , you have to reboot the phone , and press the options button ( the left one ) when the samsung logo appears ; it should vibrate , and then you will see " secure mode " at the left bottom corner . to disable secure mode , turn off the phone and extract the battery for a few seconds . --- for verizon gsiii phones : after you reboot the phone , press and hold the volume down button when the samsung logo appears . directions also state that you may need to hold the button for up to 45 seconds before you will see " safe mode " in lower left-hand corner . http://support.verizonwireless.com/support/devices/knowledge_base.html/59242/ perform a factory reset ( if the phone still has problems running in secure mode ) . to perform it , go to menu > settings > backup and reset > factory data reset . it will revert the phone to its original factory status , therefore , you will lose all the data and applications stored in your phone 's memory ( it will not affect the sim card , nor the microsd if you have one ) . be sure to backup everything you do not want to lose ! you can use samsung kies for that backup . if the phone still has problems after the factory reset , it should be checked by samsung technical service .
there are two ways known to me how this could be achieved : using a launcher which supports this there are several launchers available on google play which let you configure the grid size of your homescreen as well as of your app drawer . one of those is apex launcher , which i use myself . another example is go launcher ex , which i run on another device . i am pretty sure a load of other launchers does this as well . edit : holy whatever . if that is not enough , take a look at lighning launcher . grid size ? what grid ? who needs a grid ? icon size , font size , orientation -- feel free to design your own homescreen ! and now , for the size of the package . sitting ? 200 kb ( still looking for the hook ) , working with android 1.6 and up . truly amazing ! ah , and what comes below : multi-whatever is already included . widgets in folders ? no problem , either . . . well , that bunch of features must need permis . . . what ? only usb-storage ? can not believe . . . i just sent it to one of my devices to take a closer look : ) using " multi-widgets " there are some sort of " widget expanders " out there , which pick 4 ( or more ) widgets and combine them into one " compressed widget " . one example for this group is multicon widget . zoom and then there is zoom , from the dev of tasker ( with which it even integrates ) . according to its description , this also should be an option : unique on any computer : design your own homescreen widgets to do whatever you like ! position , size and overlay elements in the drag-and-drop editor . two views : full-zoom for easier editing , actual-size for previewing .
there is a faq from when ubuntu announced it was working on ubuntu based tablets . there , they state : the only way to get an ubuntu tablet is to buy a tablet built and supplied with ubuntu by an oem partner of canonical so i would say that ubuntu is not , and will not , be capable of running on any existing android tablet . full faq can be found at media faq for press pack : tablet .
is your sd card formatted as fat32 ? if so , that is why - it is a fat32 limitation .
i am on android 2.3.3 with root , s-off and custom rom ( supernova ) and i can confirm now that the option to toggle between fast boot enabled and fast boot disabled is available . now , to properly answer my own original question , this is how you would disable it on htc desire . press menu button . tap settings . tap applications . remove the checkmark from the option " fast boot " to disable it . press home button . screenshot :
no , you cannot block that , unfortunately ! you can either switch to 2g ( which saves battery ) or continue with 3g . cannot have it both ways ! the telephony signal is deep within android itself and no way of messing with that ! not alone that , android picks up that radio signal strength from the heart of the silicon on chip ( s-o-c ) where the base-band radio firmware resides in and is off-limits and proprietary .
that sounds to me like a hardware issue . if you are still under warranty , i would get it repaired . if not , you will have to decide whether you want to live with it or pay for repair ( or replace the phone ) .
it seems to react on your low , internal memory . and while 178 mb should be enough for a few small apps , there might be something that denies more installation due to already low amount of space . now , the first thing i would advise you to do is uninstall any app you do not really need . however , many apps come with the phone , so they can not be removed . for these , and any app you do not want to remove , you can clear the cache . to do that , hit settings -> application manager -> slide til you see a list called " all " . now all you have to do is hit each app you want to clear the cache off , and choose " clear data " and " clear cache " . beware that the " clear data " option will likely delete any saved password or settings the app uses , and thus you might need to redo those settings . it may also delete some information attached to the app , so use the " clear data " option at your own risk . tho for apps like facebook and twitter , the option should do no harm . you can also choose to move some apps to the sd card . while i have not tried that out myself , it should push some of the stuff from internal to " external " memory . you may also want to download clean master . it is an app somewhat similar to ccleaner , if you are familiar with that ( deletes cache and junk files ) . i use it myself , and it helps a bit . it is free and you can download it here : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.cleanmaster.mguardhl=eng
uncheck the " notify once " option in your gmail account settings and you should get a notification for every new message . ( specifically : Menu -&gt; More -&gt; Settings -&gt; Notify Once ) edit : apparently older versions of gmail do not have this option , in which case you would actually need to try a third-party app such as gmail notifier .
one of the three incredibles we own had the same problem . it too was running miui . i found this thread on the miui forums . after changing the build . prop file as indicated in that thread the problem went away . edit to add the following information : http://androidforums.com/incredible-all-things-root/447517-stop-update-notification.html changed these lines to this : do not try to parse ro . build . description or . fingerprint ro . build . description=3.26.605.1 cl264707 release-keys ro . build . fingerprint=verizon_wwe/inc/inc/inc:2.3.4/grj22/222219:user/release-keys end build properties it is really just the " build fingerprint " that matters as you can see . if the miui is referencing an older version of android then the carrier will keep trying to download the latest android update . that is where the data download is coming from .
does the phone begin discharging at 40% ? does it indicate that it is still charging , but the charge never exceeds 40% ? i have had charging issues with my motorol droid v1 . what i have come to understand is that the power delivered by the car adapter is less than the power drawn by the phone when the gps is on . i would suspect that a couple of factors might be in play here : connectivity problems if the connection between the charging cable and the phone might be poor , perhaps due to poor connector seating or swelling due to heat . it could be that , after charging for a period of time the phone heats up and expands to the point that the connection is lost . the phone stops charging , cools , and the connection is made again . phone behavior at or above 40% charge do you have tasker or some other automation tool running that has rules about which features / services to run at a particular charge level ? if so , you could be seeing that the services cause the phone to draw power at the same rate that it is charged , preventing further charging . these are really just guesses . if you have one , i would try hooking up a 3rd party charger that is rated for the same power output . if the phone charges completely this way , even though it is not a moto branded charger , it is a pretty good bet that your htc chargers just are not cutting the mustard with your moto phone .
in android , every package is cryptographically signed by its author . to be an upgrade , the new package has to be signed with the same key as the old package . since packages can read previous versions ' data files , this is an important security precaution . the error you get tells you that the update you are trying to install was not signed using the same key as the package you had flashed to the rom . either the original package you flashed , or the new package , was signed by a different developer . you should either obtain an update from the same source you originally got the gapps package from , or flash a new rom with a gapps package from the same source you are trying to update from . we may be able to help further with this if you edit your question to say where you got these packages from .
it has to do with the site having an icon for " apple-touch " defined in the page . for example o globe has the following : &lt;link rel="apple-touch-icon" href="favicon.png" /&gt;  and it works . there are differences in how other versions of android handle this . here is an article explaining some how this works a bit . there could also be a " catch 22" to this though , as i see that the mobile twitter site does have the apple-touch-icon-precomposed but does not seem to show the icon . this could be because of something motorola did differently in their modified version of android , or it could just be a bug . if the site does not define the icon , then you can use a tool like any cut to change the icon .
i am going to say no . from the article you linked , egnos is primarily designed for airborne use and has limited ground applications . egnos looks to be designed more for commercial applications ( e . g . embedded navigation systems in vehicles , airline , etc . ) , not so much consumer devices nexus one 's gps is provided from the qualcom qsd8250 " snapdragon " chip ( specs ) . the specs for that chip do not mention any waas capabilities . furthermore , there are not any qualcom chips listed on the egnos registered devices list . if i am wrong about the chip , then it should just be a matter of software to enable it . i have not seen anything like that in the android source , but that does not mean it is not hiding there or in some third party bolt-on . what the nexus does use to improve both response time and accurace is a-gps ( assisted gps ) . this basically just means it us using the presence of other location clues ( cellular towers , wifi networks , etc ) to help triangulate a better/faster position . you can see this in action with the google maps application . if you have gps enabled and wifi disabled and open the maps application , it will prompt you to turn on wifi , even if you are not connected to a network . it uses a location database of wifi hotspots to help get a fix on your position , similar to skyhook
as a solution to #2 , geotag security is a program you could use . it ( should ) run in xp , so you would have to copy your pictures to your computer first , or hook your sd up via usb , but it should do the trick ! here 's the site where i found it , the above is a direct link to their site .
firstly and most important , the credits : i made this following this great tutorial at xda-developers by user metalgearhathaway: http://forum.xda-developers.com/galaxy-s2/development-derivatives/mod-partition-internal-memory-app-t2538947 i used PIT files ( i will explain what they are , do not worry ) made from user ElGamal from xda also , located at the same thread as above , at page 51 , comment number 509 ( i can not post the link because i need more reputation , will edit it later to add it ) . and a little bit of help from user CrackDaddy , also from xda . second , what you will need : a machine running windows . i used windows 7 ultimate 64-bits ; odin 3.07 . careful when installing , it is full of optional adwares . there is also a linux and mac version available called jodin3 , but i did not try it ; flashable clockworkmod 6 for galaxy s ii ( it is a .tar file with a file named zImage inside ) ; PIT file with desired partition table configuration ; samsung drivers for galaxy s2 . usually you can install samsung kies but there is also a installer just with drivers available ; your original stock unrooted samsung jellybean firmware . you can find it at sammobile dot com ( reputation problem again ; d ) ; any rom of your choice . i highly recommend the last nightly build of cyanogenmod 11 ; optionally : gapps 20140606 . i made most of those available in the following bundle file : https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/18425469/bundle-resize-system.zip what is missing is gapps , cyanogenmod , and a stock samsung jellybean rom ( as it depends of country and carrier , and might not be legal to provide it here ) . third , the default warning : i am not responsible for anything that might go wrong with your device , neither any of the mentioned users nor anyone here at stack overflow or xda-developers . this procedure will root your phone if it is not already and also void your warranty if it is not already . if anything goes wrong , do not panic , it is most likely fixable by reflashing the stock rom and starting over again . finally , how to : this will only work with the 16gb international version ( gt-i9100 ) of samsung galaxy s ii firstly , copy cyanogenmod 11 .zip file ( or your desired rom ) and optionally gapps .zip file to your external sd card ; make a backup of everything inside your internal storage , copy it to your computer or somewhere else . it will be completelly erased . do not worry about your external sd card , it will not be touched . make a nand backup of your current rom , you will be able to restore it after the repartition . to do it , you must have clockworkmod recovery installed , then boot your phone into recovery mode ( Volume UP + Home + Power ) , select backups and restore , then backup to /storage/sdcard1 ; when backup finishes , reboot your phone into download mode ( Volume DOWN + Home + Power ) and connect your phone to the computer . let windows install the drivers . if it fails , try to install samsung kies or just the drivers provided in the bundle i made available , and try again . open odin3 as administrator and connect the phone . it should detect your phone and show it under the label ID:COM , and also in the Message . if it did not , try to restart your computer , phone , reinstall drivers , check your usb cable , etc . , and try again . now you will need to choose a PIT file . PIT means Partition Information Table and it is a samsung-only thing . in the bundle file , i made available ElGamal 's PIT file ( I91001GB_6GB.pit ) which also resizes /system partition to 1gb , /data to 6gb and the rest goes to internal storage . if you wish different sizes , check the thread at xda-developers as he made many different versions available . i also included a pit file for the default configuration ( I9100_2GB-STOCK.pit ) if you wish to go back to as it was later . when you have chosen your PIT file , go to odin and tick the following checkboxes : Re-Partition , Auto Reboot and F. Reset Time . in the Re-Partition section , click on the PIT button and select your chosen PIT file . in the Files (Download) section , click on the AP button and select samsung 's stock jellybean rom . double check everything and click Start . this can take a while , go grab a coffee . after everything finishes , your phone will reboot into the stock samsung jellybean rom . two things can happen now , or it will work normally and if so you can use it and check if everything is as you want . or it can ask you for a password to access the " encrypted volume " , which is nothing but your internal storage that is not formatted . in both ways , unplug your phone ( it it is still plugged ) and reboot it into download mode again . it is interesting to close and reopen odin3 to reset the settings . plug your phone again and wait until odin3 detects it . this time , leave checked just Auto Reboot and F. Reset Time and make sure Re-Partition is not checked . click on AP button and select the clockworkmod recovery .tar file , then click Start . this one is faster , but if you feel sleepy , go for another coffee ; ) when it finishes , you should have clockworkmod recovery 6 installed in your phone , so go ahead and reboot into recovery mode . go to mounts and storage , select format /storage/sdcard0 and format it as exfat ( if for some reason you have write problems in your internal storage later , come back here and select another format until it works , but exfat should do the trick ) . when it finishes , still in recovery mode , Wipe data/factory reset , Wipe cache and Wipe Dalvik cache . let 's be sure nothing remains from the previous roms . now , install zip -> choose zip from /storage/sdcard1 and select the cyanogenmod 11 .zip file ( or of your desired rom ) and flash it . optionally also flash gapps afterwards . reboot your phone and check if everything is right . if everything is right , reboot your phone into recovery mode again , do a new wipe data/factory reset , wipe cache and wipe Dalvik cache , and then recover your backed up rom from the beginning . reboot your phone . check again if everything works right . a few apps might need to be reinstalled ( spotify and waze are examples ) to work correctly again , but that is be only major issue . hope everything goes well .
private means you can not back it up . the developer decided that . some apps ignore it fileexpert &lt ; - my favourite estrongs file explorer not a file manager , but also titanium backup
in ics and jb , you should find this option in Settings \u2192 Security in a section called " device administration "
as you state you do not even need " that app " , here are two approaches to keep it from eating your battery : disabling the app go to settings → apps , select the " all " tab scroll to the app in question ( in the current example , google+ ) tapp its entry to open the details tapp the " force close " button to end all its processes optionally , tapp the " clear cache " and " delete data " buttons to free some space on the device if you see a button labeled " uninstall updates " 1 , tapp it . the button will then rename itself to . . . tapp the " disable " 1 button 2 the app should no longer start itself now , and thus not eat any battery anymore . if you need it back at a later point in time , it is still listed in settings→apps ( though it might have been moved to the very end of the list ) . opening its entry should show a button labeled " enable " now , which speaks for itself . keep the app from running when you do not need it on the playstore , you will find an app named greenify . this can be used to automatically " hibernate " an app when its not running in foreground . though greenify is delivering its full potential benefits only with " root powers " , it can do many things already without . if its free version cannot deal with the app in question ( google+ here ) , you might need the donation package ( for ~usd 3 ) , which has additional ways to force apps into " hibernation " . greenify : start screen , app analyzer ( source : google play ; click images for larger variants ) 1 if you have none of the two buttons , but an " uninstall " button , it is no system app : simply uninstall it . 2 note that not all system apps permit this ( button is grayed out then ) .
here is the useragent from chrome beta on my transformer prime mozilla/5.0 ( linux ; u ; android 4.0.3 ; en-us ; transformer prime tf201 build/iml74k ) applewebkit/535.7 ( khtml , like gecko ) crmo/16.0.912.75 safari/535.7
as far as i know , they are simply picked by google 's staff . i would assume they look for the general indicators of a quality app ( good ratings , lots of active installs , etc ) but popular or otherwise well-known developers probably have a leg up regardless . google has never really come out and said " follow these guidelines " , possibly to reduce people trying to game the system , similar to how they do not release their full page rank algorithm . however , i can definitely say that it is not possible to purchase your way into the featured list . google 's android market developer help page notes specifically : featured and editor 's choice apps are chosen by the android market editorial team . there is no paid promotional spots or advertisements on android market . technically speaking , the only restriction i have seen is that your app must have a properly sized " featured " image to be used on the " featured apps " area . aside from that , google has been very mum about the process .
the radio is closed source and provided by the manufacturer .
this post from xda-developers will help you if her phone is rooted .
yes and no . there are nexus/google devices that are nevertheless branded by the carrier and therefore receive a different rom then the stock rom . this usually takes longer then the stock rom . but yes , besides of that , the google manufactured branded devices are the only ones who receive the updates directly from google . all other devices get their updates from the manufacturer and/or the carrier . oh , and the nexus one will not receive android 4.2 ( officially ) . plus , no one gurantees you that your non-google device will get the latest android version . that is a big advantage when buying a nexus device : it will be up to date for a while .
so , to avoid a hanging question : using the new rom for almost two months . tried the original stock baseband i5500bvjjp7 but it felt overall worse , so i went back to i5500luyjpe . now any issue is rare . . . it is weeks since i last noticed a random restart , my phone reports over 160h uptime ( not 100% reliable , i have seen it not restart after a crash ) , and wifi is most of the time fast to get in ip . in the end , as things improved with a new rom , i suppose the issues are due to small quirks of the rom itself . should improve over time .
finally found the solution . you have to fix the card first ( which also means you can get back any data on the card ) . on a windows box i ran chkdsk . start -> cmd -> chkdsk e : /f then set the partition up as fat32 , a 32gb partition . i did this on an ubuntu box , for no other reason than that is my normal os . after popping the card back in the phone it was picked up and is being reported as 59.43gb i tried a few things before i found the solution : http://exceptionallyexceptionalexceptions.blogspot.co.uk/2012/12/s3-mod.html
unfortunately i could not find my google maps editor either . i can not read google 's future and could not find any indication of such a feature but google 's my tracks does allow you to upload a map to your maps but i am pretty sure you will actually have to run/walk/bike/move-in-some-way over the course you want to map . i also did a google search for " my maps editor apk " and looks like you can still find the apk somewhere ( i will leave that to the you ) but i can not say if it will work or not and you should always be careful downloading apps from unofficial sources .
recovery images are hard coded to use the first partition of an sd card are the main fat partition . as such , you need to ensure that the first partition on the card is the fat partition , or recovery will try to mount the ext partition as the fat partition . you can use any partition tool to modify the card . you also said that fastboot would not work - this is most likely due to lack of fast boot drivers .
there does not appear to be a way , no . ( some information in this forum thread : http://www.droidforums.net/forum/droid-audio-video/40610-zune-not-droid-friendly.html ) apparently , drm'd wma files require a zune device . since droid ≠ zune , it is not going to work . unless and until microsoft decides they want to build a zune app ( à la the way amazon has a kindle app ) you are out of luck . only option appears to be to burn those tracks to a cd , then re-rip them as drmless mp3s .
sometimes android goes into fubar mode and the only way to get past it is to make a hard reset . this unfortunately deletes any data stored on the device but anything stored on the memory card will remain . luckily there is a hardware hard reset mode . a hard reset can be accomplished by doing the following things : turn the power off . if your samsung galaxy s ii is frozen , pull the battery out and reinsert it hold the volume down button press and release the power button you are now presented with a menu that allows for fastbook , recovery , clear storage , and simlock select clear storage by pressing the volume down button press and release the power button now simply confirm your decision : volume up for yes and volume down for no some versions of samsung galaxy s2 require that you need to hold down volume down and volume up to get into the menu . youtube video showing how it is done
simply , use boxcryptor . . it'll encrypt your files and folders with aes-256 standard ( aes-256 is classified by the u.s. government to protect “top secret” information ) . the best thing : you can use it on any platform : android , ios , windows , mac , linux . so , you can sync your encrypted files with dropbox , too . its free android app : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.boxcryptor.android ( free version has limitation of read-only access ) . you do not even need a rooted device whats not the case of fully free luks manager . if your device is rooted and you also need write access without spending money , go for luks manager , but you will miss cross-platform access . so , my recommendation is paid boxcryptor if you need write access . with encryption , your files and folders will be safe even if your friends are hacker . with even fastest super computers , breaking aes-256 standard needs decades or even hundreds/thousands years ( based on password strength and encryption passphrase ) .
this is not actually a linked contact unless the contact you added it to is from a social network . that is why the unlinking will not work . go to edit the number , select the entire number and copy it , then delete it from the wrong contact , go back , add a new contact , long-press the phone no . field and select paste . or you can use pen and paper too if you prefer .
check your contacts . keyboard will search and suggest contact names .
there is 2 slightly different solutions . log onto your corporate mail account using outlook web access . go to the account settings , i.e. the options link . under that , select phone , and delete your phone profile from there . now delete and recreate the exchange account on your phone , and this time do not choose to sync contacts . exchange has a corporate addressbook or directory , and a local addressbook for your own personal contacts . get rid of the locally saved contacts in your exchange addressbook , so that on the next sync they will similarly be culled from the phone . you can always look them up in the corporate directory , and android can also perform a lookup against the directory for contacts that are not stored locally . this of course assumes that you do not actually need so many contacts on hand in your local addressbook , or that these are all company contacts and not external business contacts .
i fixed the problem by switching cables . i am not sure why it displayed " charging " in android , or how it actually managed to charge about 10% in 6 hours , but it seems to have worked now that i am gaining about 10% every 5 to 10 minutes like normal .
you want the old version of lifesaver2 available from the free and open source android app repostitory http://f-droid.org it is available here or via the fdroid market app itself . to be able to install it you need to enable unknown sources . if you have no data connection on your old phone : put the lifesaver2_1.0 . apk on the sd card using your s3 or transfer it via bluetooth and then side-load it .
if you have an unlocked phone , i do not think there should be any problem . the sim card for gophone is apparently just a regular prepaid sim card and is not tied to the phone it is sold with . if the phone does not recognize the apn for 3g , just go to Settings &gt; Wireless and Networks &gt; Mobile Networks &gt; Access point Names and enter the appropriate access point settings manually .
kernels vary from manufacturer to manufacturer . a lot of those kernels come from the pure stock kernel line of sources found on caf , what these manufacturers do is take those stock sources , modify them to suit based on the board/chipset used , also , implement their own drivers . take a good look around you , there is variations of touchscreens , variations of wifi chipsets , not to mention , accelerometer , sensors , batteries , compass , sound , graphics . taking one kernel source from for example htc will not work on a samsung , and vice versa . the manufacturers are free to cherry-pick or out-source various bits that get incorporated into the circuit board . there is no hard or fast rules involved . hence the lot of hacking/modifications to get the kernel to work properly . you must not ever , compare to desktop linux distribution kernels in which it has pci , pci-express , sata , vga , svga , usb , ethernet as they are a totally different ball-park game . the major differences with centos and with android 's linux kernel is this - all drivers are compiled either as modules or built-in , hence any linux distribution will simply " work out of the box " . again , with desktop linux distributions - you have one architecture - x86 hence one linux kernel from say a dell pc , can work out of the box on a lenovo provided that the bog-standard drivers are compiled . do not forget , in the android world , there is variations of the kernel built for specific arm chipsets , such as armv6 , armv7 , there is tegra , there is exynos , and they are binary incompatible with one another . hence if a kernel is compiled for tegra , forget it , it will not work on armv7 ! the reason some kernels on android appear to be " broken " is down to the manufacturer . some ( zte is one very good example ) release a butchered source that may compile from source but fails to boot due to a missing driver that is not covered by the gplv2 or gplv3 licence . that is the problem , hence some hackers have to go scouring around github looking for some clues ; some manufacturers , if not all , do comply . the current incarnation of zte 's source is purportedly to be 2.6.35.7 , but in reality its actually 2.6.32.9 source base with a lot of modifications thus does not represent the true kernel source for 2.6.35.7 ! this is where the manufacturers have to release their respective sources , not just out of being compliant with gplv2 or later , but rather , for the community to be able to mod it , such as adding overclocking capabilities . hence there is hacking involved behind the scenes and a lot of messing about with drivers trying to get it to work , and its not easy to debug either . . some drivers may be cross-licensed , but cannot be distributed depending on the clause and conditions as negotiated . thankfully , that is all changed now with kernel 3 . x.x. line of sources , as android drivers are now integrated into the mainstream sources . but there is a gotcha ! try porting a 3 . x.x. kernel to an existing handset that is about 12-18 months old ; not a snowball 's chance in hell would it work , that is because , of the differing factors , the 3 . x . x sources is vastly different to the 2.6 . x source and would take a lot of hacking to get it working - i should know , have tried porting 2.6.38.6 source for the zte blade and failed . likewise , the latest kernel release 3.0.1 - when working on the ics4blade project over on modaco , have made numerous attempts to port it but that is down to the simple fact that zte made a very bad mess of the source which rendered porting nigh on impossible .
provided you have not rooted the device , a factory reset will reset the phone to the state it was in . note that sometimes , some extra content that was added by the manufacturer ( like some bundled music/images ) later may be wiped . obviously , if you are bundling along the same sd card that you were using earlier , format it and also run it through shredder programs . ideally , do not part with the same sd card - either give the next owner a new card or avoid it altogether .
no . you should request the app developer to do so . on unix like systems , permissions are managed with something called uids . every process has one and it dictates what they can access . moreover , there are also groups that have permission that their members can use . when an app has permissions like Write to SD card they are put into a group that has this permission . the root permissions are an exception since they are not declared in the app 's manifest , but rather in its code . root is also not a group but a separate uid ( as it is a separate user ) so it is not that easy for an app to use it . apps that have root rights need to be explicitly written to do so . the way this works is every time an app wants to do something as root , it has to request the su binary to do it instead . su will then ask the app that manages these permissions ( e . g . , supersu ) whether the app is allowed to gain root access . if it is not , it'll prompt you to allow or deny it . then the action is carried out as root , not as the app user . these actions are not an integral part of the app but rather an external executable . while theoretically it is possible to add this to an app , this would be a non-trivial process requiring knowledge of writing smali code , which is the internal format of the dalvik virtual machine ( the part of the system that runs the apk file ) called smali . and even then , there would be a huge security risk if the app allows other apps to access it : it would not know how to keep the privileged root access separate from its normal access . so in reality this is not really feasible .
attachment2sd will do the trick . after you install it when you click on the pdf attachment in the gmail app it'll pop-up the " complete action using . . . " dialog . choose attachment2sd and it'll download to a directory on your sd card , where you can immediately open it or save it for later . this works with all kinds of files , not just pdf .
this is apparently a known bug in android which is not even acknowledged by google since oct 2012 — depending on the method of creating files on the android device , these files may remain invisible when accessing the device using mtp , until the device is rebooted . known workarounds include : use usb storage mode instead of mtp , if it is supported by the phone . this is apparently not an option for lg optimus l5 ( e610 ) , because this phone has unified internal storage ( file storage is in /data/media on the same ext4 filesystem as /data ) , which cannot be exported as an usb storage device . clear data of the “media storage” app , then use the sdrescan app to rebuild the media database ( discussed here ) . share files over the network using third-party apps such as airdroid or one of samba server apps ( in the latter case you will need to have root to make the server reachable from most clients , including windows ) .
after restarting the tablet the app is now working properly . no idea - could be android was not able to free enough ram or some such . . .
i use a widget called " digital clock widget " , free from the market . it is a simple clock/date widget , which can be configured to also show the day and time of the next alarm .
the problem disappeared when a newer cyanogenmod build was flashed . ( the problem was present on a stable slimkat rom as well . )
per your last comment , you seek runkeeper pro ( appbrain link ) also check out runkeeper . com . i highly recommend it although i am most likely underestimating it since i just use it for running . it keeps track of your route , time , distance , elevation , calorie burn , etc . your hiking , jogging and snowshoeing tours will each be saved to your ( shareable ) activity list on runkeeper.com. runkeeper uses gps to track your fitness activities , including distance , time , pace , calories , heart rate , and path traveled on a map . pro version also provides audio cues , customized interval workouts , manual entry for treadmill and other cardio equipment , integrated runkeeper fitnessclasses and no advertising . edit : after re-reading the question , i wanted to add that once you have a track saved using runkeeper , you can export it as a gpx or a google earth file . mytourbook 's site says that you can import a gpx although " not all features are currently supported . "
what timezone are you in ? it sounds like when you back them up , it is saving them in a different timezone ( maybe utc ) . to answer your other questions : yes , sqlite is used for the messages /data/data/com.android.providers.telephony/databases/mmssms.db same way as sms messages : /data/data/com.android.providers.telephony/databases/mmssms.db you can use adb from the android sdk and copy it to your pc by doing : c:/android-sdk/tools/&gt; adb pull /data/data/com.android.providers.telephony/databases/mmssms.db c:/users/my-account/desktop/mmssms.db yes , you will have to root your phone to get access to that directory . maybe check out sms backup + in the android market . it will backup your sms messages ( does not do mms yet ) to your gmail account and put them in an sms label . it will also restore them too .
i would assume it is because there are still phone numbers that are distributed with convenience letters ( e . g . " phonewords" ) in them , and there are probably still automated call answering programs that use them . the letters on the numpad far predate t9 . for the us specifically , wikipedia also has an article that explains the history of telephone numbers and the various ways that letters have been used over time ( it was different in other countries , but i can not find a detailed article for that at the moment ) .
" fast boot " is basically analogous to the hibernate or possibly s3 ( str ) sleep functionality on regular pcs ( htc is not very clear on what precisely it does , but analysis of its claims and action suggests it is one of these ) . rather than fully shutting down and restarting , the os resumes where it was after a shutdown , allowing the system to get from " off " to " ready to use " much faster . as mentioned , some apps do not play nice with this , such as the case is in this so question . unless you are regularly needing to shut off your phone for some reason and want it to start back up faster , i would personally just leave it off to avoid the potential for weird issues .
business calendar pro ( and maybe even the free version ) can move events from one calendar to another , even if they are on different accounts . i got business calendar pro when i was still using the samsung touchwiz ui because i did not like their calendar application . now that i am on a vanilla android , i still use business calendar pro . the agenda widget is nice and the ui and functionality exceeds the stock calendar app .
long-press on the search bar ; after a second or so , a trash can should appear at the top or bottom of the screen . drag it to the trash can . alternatively , you could drag it to an open space on another screen by dragging it to the left or right edge of the screen . the screen will flip to the next panel and you can drop the widget on any open space large enough to contain it .
from what i can see , there is no way to re-associate a phone . it looks like your option is to disassociate/re-associate .
see also : how can i stop applications and services from running ? when you free the memory you are just killing the apps using it or that android has stopped and put in the background . the only real solution is to not use apps , or to accept that every time you switch apps your position in the old one will be forgotten . you had probably need a custom-built rom that entirely altered the way android does memory management in order to get around this ; having something auto-clear the ram would end up killing the app you are currently using . another alternative is creating a swap partition , though how to do so is a different question .
you can use the ' lasso ' option for that . it works real cool .
you can simply have the password typed in plain text . keep it inside a sms conversation , e-mail , note , or anywhere you like . nobody would know that is is your password since there is no indication to that matter in the place where the password is typed . when you are required to type the password in your browser , just select all by pressing ald holding the typed text and copy it . now go to the password field and touch and hold for a second or so and then a button named paste will appear . then simply touch that button . the password will be pasted into the filed . done ! !
also , some devices show up as mass storage devices , only when usb debugging option is turned off . see if that helps .
there is no need to install kies . download the driver SAMSUNG_USB_Driver_for_Mobile_Phones_v1.5.14.0.exe ( or a higher version ) which is available from the samsung website . click on the manuals and downloads tab ( below the image of the phone ) and then the software tab . after installing , i connected the s3 via usb and windows update automatically searched for and downloaded a package that was 6.8mb , followed by this notification . i restarted my computer ( just in case ) and i can now use the s3 for development , even though it says the device is connected as a " media device " .
by what you describe , this is more likely to be related with the proximity sensor . it is located at the top right corner of your screen , outside of the touch area . if anything is blocking that sensor , the screen goes black . this happens to prevent the users face from touching anything on the screen during a call . what works for me , is either using the home button or the power button to bring the screen back on .
i did not realize you can change the account to use when uploading the file . i do not understand how i missed it , but here it is : given that the marked account value always changes back to the other account and i have to adjust it every time , i guess there is still merit in the question . but my problem was finding this ui item .
after searching a bit more , i found wake up screen . it might do what i want . i will try it out in a few days .
there is nothing which would prevent apps from modifying data files in-place . if they do not do so , then it is because the app developer decided so .
how to get into recovery mode unplug the usb cable . shut down the phone . hold down the ' home ' + ' volume up ' buttons and press the ' power ' button for about 5 seconds to enter recovery mode . how to get into download mode ( eg : for odin ) unplug the usb cable . shut down the phone . hold down the ' home ' + ' volume down ' buttons and press the ' power ' button for about 2 seconds until a warning ! screen appears . press the ' volume up ' button to enter download mode . to get out of download mode , simply press and hold the power button until the phone restarts .
some versions of cyanogenmod have the “volume rocker” option in settings → display ; if this option is selected , volume buttons will wake up the phone . there are also other ways to get this behavior ( e . g . , the gravitybox module for xposed has the “volume rocker wake” option in the “navigation keys actions” screen ) .
i am afraid not . these bundled apps are part of the rom image , so the app updates are part of the system update . when you install an update , it just copies the data wholesale into the phone 's system partition : it does not install apps one by one . for this reason , there is no way to filter out individual apps from the update . you can not even remove those files from the update image on your pc : removing files would make the update signature fail to match . the phone would detect this and not install the update . you just have to disable the bundled apps you do not want after each system update , or unlock your bootloader and install a custom rom .
the adb over wifi widget works over mobile ap connections , though it does require root . you had need to install it , place the widget on one of your home screens , and then tap it to turn on wireless adb connections . the widget should then show the ip you need to connect to ( ex : in my case it was 192.168.43.1 ) and the port to use ( mine was 8000 , but this is configurable ) . on your pc you then need to run : adb connect &lt;ip&gt;:&lt;port&gt;  so again using my device as an example , i used : adb connect 192.168.43.1:8000 
without finding a way of doing this i ended up bluetoothing all the contacts from the old handset across ( a samsung b2100 ) . would be nice to find more information about this buggy/broken feature on the s3 .
this functionality is available with the developer toolkit . the post is a bit old so newer versions of android will have different icons and slightly different menus , but it walks you through getting the tools installed and then being able to capture screen-shots . also the tutorial is for windows , but it should work with any os that you get the android dev tools running on ( windows , mac os x , and linux ) . how to take screenshots of your android based phone from windows
you cannot download apps from the market without an account associated with your device . the only way to get apps without the market ( or an alternative market ) is to get it directly from the developer and " side-load " it .
as " art " versus " dalvik " is a setting the user can switch , a factory-reset should restore its previous ( default ) state – in this case , revert it to " dalvik " . reportedly , the following steps solved the issue in this case : complete wipe , including dalvik cache and data ( can be done from recovery-mode , and is equivalent to a factory-reset ) re-flashing the rom ( imho an optional step , as the previous one should suffice ) remark : there is a good reason that switch is a little hidden ; art is still " experimental " , and not intended for " everyday use " . it was placed with the developer 's options just to give developers a way to already test their apps for compatibility .
if you built the image yourself then google 's proprietary apps would not have been included as they are not open source . the easiest way to get them is probably to just use the cyanogenmod9 gapps package , which can be downloaded here ( top of the table ) . if you have a custom recovery image then you can simply install the . zip file from your recovery , otherwise you will have to manually install each of the files in the . zip ( they have a folder structure that mimics your device ) . the reason why the web market is not working is because it tries to use c2dm to push the app to the device , but this requires the market app to be installed on the device . you cannot download the . apk from the market manually .
you do not need an official " skin " . you just need to figure out what screen dimensions and memory capacity the device you want to test has and create a deployment target file .
interesting question . nowhere on their site do they mention how a developer would go about listing their application . they only have 968 apps and their twitter feed claims they are apps that are not available elsewhere . they explicitly state their support for the pirate party and then talk about the " crack " that they are using , while others are accusing them of piracy outright . i think that all the signs point to one conclusion . update ( 22nd august 2012 ) : appbucket 's domain has been seized by the fbi as part of crackdown on app piracy .
on ics or later you can check this in your settings . go to Settings-&gt;Security-&gt;Trusted Credentials to see a list of all your trusted cas , separated by whether they were included with the system or installed by the user . earlier versions of android keep their certs under /system/etc/security in an encrypted bundle named cacerts.bks which you can extract using bouncy castle and the keytool program . the summary is to first pull the bundle using adb ( you need a root shell ) then you can use bouncy castle to list the contents of the bundle : there is also at least one app that you can try if you had prefer not to use the shell : cacertman ( requires root to modify the list , but should allow you to view the list without root ) . i believe it came about due to the diginotar fiasco since there were no particularly easy ways for a user to revoke the cert at the time . since the certs are stored differently on ics and later this app will only work on devices running gingerbread ( or earlier ) , but it is obsolete on ics/jb anyway .
update : apparently there was enough of a hue and cry about it that they have added a button , although " ok maps " will still work . not the same as the old offline maps , but better than nothing i suppose . having come under fire for ( mostly ) removing the option to save offline maps in its new android app , google has pushed a new update that makes it easier for users to save local areas to their device . in a post on google+ , the company notes that its " engineering team has been working around the clock " to add a " make this map area available offline " card inside the app , mimicking the functionality of the ' ok maps " command . ( source : the verge ) at least i am not the only one who regrets the removal of this feature . the other problem with the redesign is that google ( mostly ) removed the option to save offline maps — a feature that was only a year old to begin with . power users still have a way to cache maps locally , however . daniel graf , director for google maps , tells us that the company 's engineers were just as unhappy with the loss of the feature as we were , so they built an easter egg . when you type in " ok maps " ( or " okay maps " ) into the search box , it will save a cached version of the visible map area locally . it is not as convenient or manageable as proper offline maps , but at least it is an option — assuming you remember it is there . ( source : the verge )
no , official or custom firmware are only to be used with the device specified in its name using a different phone model may result in your hard bricking your phone is there a reason why you want to use a different phone model firmware over your own ?
you can ruin the processor , your data , and possibly your skin ( ouch ! ) . according to " risks of overclocking your cpu " [ aimed at desktop pcs ] , the risks include : success : the processor may overclock perfectly , and run stably for many years to come . there are thousands of people who have done this , and i am certainly not going to deny it . this is the best case outcome . immediate destruction : it is possible to totally destroy a processor by attempting to overclock it . by destruction , i mean that the processor will not boot at the higher speed , and when returned to its normal speed , will continue to not function . this is basically the worst case outcome . this sort of permanent failure is very rare , but it does happen . it is made more likely by using inadequate cooling , and also by being ridiculously aggressive in how far you try to overclock ( i.e. . , trying to run a pentium 75 at 166 mhz . ) non-functionality : the processor may not work at the new speed , but may work fine when returned to its original speed . this is a fairly common outcome when overclocking , and in most cases the processor will not be any the worse for wear . system instability : the processor may boot at the new speed , but you may see the system behave strangely . random hard lockups , parity errors , resource conflicts , strange hard disk problems , beeping , application crashes and [ your os ] refusing to boot are just the tip of the iceberg . particularly insidious are the overclocks that work almost perfectly , because that occasional crash may be due to your operating system , but it may be due to that overclocked chip also . electromigration : when the processor is run at a speed that is higher than it is supposed to be run at , there is a chance that the internal components in the processor may break down over time . the internal features of a cpu are sized in the range of microns . it is possible that when the processor is stressed by running at too high a frequency , along with the extra heat that overclocking incurs , that the actual metal lines inside the processor may form shorts or opens and damage the processor over a period of time . how likely this is to happen , and how long it takes is really not known . the system may work fine for a while and then suddenly stop working . and do not forget that higher speeds means higher heat -- your tiny pocket-sized squeeze-asmuch-as-possible-into-this-small-area has very little in the way of cooling fins . speed it up , and you might overheat . probably will not burn a hole in your pants , though . however , accordin to " big lou " @ modern processors are not harmed by overclocking . you are not altering the voltage , just the multiplier . if anything , the droid will not boot or may act funny , but once you revert back to a slower clock speed , it will be fine ( and that is for higher speeds , mind you ) . anything up to 1.3 is tested to work fine on the droid . heat may rise but the omap3 is rated to around 200 degrees fahrenheit . you will not be getting anywhere near that , and in case you do , you can always set setcpu to roll back the clock speed automatically . ymmv . note how the original text refers to 75 mhz pentiums . ha-hah-ha . this post @ overclockers . com covers the setcpu app , which can adjust speed vs battery performance , start times for clock boosting , etc .
usually recent versions of android handles these network switching automatically . when you are connected to wifi , your content would be streamed via wifi connection . you can confirm this the mobile network symbol - h/h+/e/4g would not be available in the status bar of the mobile . usually , android manages wifi and mobile network automatically , i.e. , when both wifi and mobile internet is enabled and if wifi is avaialble , mobile internet is not used . when u leave the wifi network , you would get connected via mobile data . hope this helps : )
wiping or performing a factory reset via cwm should not touch any of the data on the internal sd card . however , performing a factory reset from within the android settings will wipe all personal data on the sd card . use odin to flash a stable version of either the stock rom or one designed especially for your device . that should at least allow you to boot the phone normally .
when you first activate an android phone , there is a short tutorial that walks you through the home screen , adding icons/widgets to the home screen , navigating the home screen , etc . on stock android , there is also a helpful widget on the homescreen . for many phones , there is a small booklet ( often called the manual ) in the box when you purchase the device . these booklets can also be found online , for example some popular android 4.0 devices : galaxy nexus user guide , or galaxy s3 , or htc incredible . you can find manuals for your device by browsing the manufacturer 's website or googling for " ( device name ) manual " or " ( device name ) user guide " . manufacturer websites also typically have a knowledge base , support center , etc . for instance , htc support center for desire x or samsung support for galaxy note . finally , there are also android stackexchange and other android-related forums which contain lots of helpful people willing to answer your questions . if you are still unclear on anything specific , ask away !
set up a child account on the device , this is pretty simple , there is an overview of that process here . you do not to sign the child in using a google account , it lets you skip these steps . assuming you want your kids to be able to download any apps you have already paid for , or want to be able to download any apps you buy them , sign into the play store on the child account using your main account 's credentials , it is probably worth also choosing not to sync all of the main account 's emails/contacts/etc . across at this point . you can then add a pin to the play store so that they can not buy anything with your details and also choose the maturity rating of the content they see , this will not affect the settings of the main account 's play store on the device despite the fact you are using the same google account on the store . from this your kids can access all your already paid for applications but thanks to the pin will not be spending any of your money , at least not without your knowledge , and you have not had to sign them up for a google account . any apps that they download also are not automatically put into your main accounts app list so you do not have to worry about them downloading a load of games and it filling your home screen a la ipad/iphone style . the downside to this approach is that your kids will be able to read your gmail , see your calender and contacts etc . a good solution to this is an app locker which restricts them from using these applications . i tested app lock and it seemed to do the job well . if you do not mind your kids not being able to download apps you have already paid for on your account and are not bothered about not being able to access any games you buy them then i think it would be worth signing up for a new main google account and adding your credit card details to this . you could then sign onto the child 's play store using this new account , set up the pin same and maturity in the same way as the last approach but this time you will not have to worry about them seeing your emails or any other information that is linked to your main account . for both of these approaches if you download an application on the child 's account with your main account selected in the store but have added the child 's email as well and then switched back to this on the store after the download the app will remain on the device and still be usable . if you want any more information , clarification or screenshots just say in the comments and i will add it or test it out if i have not already .
i think you are referring to a hack commonly known as " apps-to-sd " ( a . k.a. " apps2sd " or " a2sd " on some forums ) . this is where you re-partition your sd card to have an ext2/3/4 partition after the main fat32 one , and then use a custom rom/kernel combination that allow moving certain parts of os to that partition . namely , all 3rd-party downloaded apps , phone 's cache , and in some cases app data and dalvik-cache . also keep in mind that as with all custom roms and kernels , this needs to be built for a specific device , so you will need to find a rom with built-in apps-to-sd support for your specific handset . this trick does free up a portion of internal memory for use as ram . however , as with most such solutions there are many cons to be aware of . sd card needs to be re-partitioned in a very particular way ( data will be lost during partitioning , so back it up . ) speed rating of the sd card will play a large role in the system 's overall performance and stability . slower cards will cause delays in apps starting up , for example . the phone will not be able to function if you remove the sd card , since the 2nd ext partition is now used by the phone as if it was part of its internal memory . extra wear and tear on the sd card from excessive writes . unlike the eprom in flash memory , the sd cards are not really designed for many write cycles , so as time goes on you will find the card wearing out sooner than usual . device will not be as stable . you may see anr ( application not responding ) messages more often , as even the fastest sd cards are still much slower than the internal flash memory . data corruption on the sd card is a real issue , and can render your phone inoperable , requiring a complete re-flashing of the rom and loss of all data . so have recent backups always , and preferably not on the sd card itself .
the charging coil is embedded into the back panel of the phone and is located directly over the battery , as shown in steps 7 and 8 of ifixit is teardown . the battery is not quite non-replaceable , as the above mentioned teardown shows . it is somewhat involved to replace it ( you will need a torx screwdriver , a philips screwdriver , a plastic opening tool , and some patience ) , but it is perfectly doable . if you are wanting something that will work for sure , the official wireless charger would probably be your best bet . however , it is not exactly cheap at $50 . i personally use this charger with my galaxy s3 , which i added a wireless receiver to . i find it works well and charges right through my lifeproof case .
i finally found the solution ( actually i even had left it behind . . . ) . sometime after i posted this question i create another folder and after a while it began to have the same problem . today i realized that both folder had one common caracteristic : they contained characters beyond the basic ascii table ( one was called " músicas " and the other , " vídeos " . when i renamed them ( "musicas " and " videos " , respectively ) , the issue was solved .
did you have the required baseband and did you use cwm recovery to install the zip file ? if yes , flash the stock rom again and root the phone , intall cwm and install v2 zip file first and then v2.5 . i have been using cosmic rom v2.5 from the past one month and do not have any issues . you seem to be having issues only because of some goof up during installation . http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2503230 he has given the . bin file for the supported baseband . flash it via odin .
your gps is nothing more than a precise clock , passively receiving signals . there is , unfortunately , nothing to calibrate . source if you had like , consider going to the problem locations with an app such as " gps test " to view the internals of your phone 's gps to try and understand the problem , although there is not much you can do about it .
night clock works well for me ( screenshot below ) , and there are probably plenty of others in the market . a search for " big clock " turns up a fair number of hits that seem relevant .
sounds like a hardware problem to me , like the internal power supply . fixing would probably require a change of the logic board . if the device is still under warranty , i would just return it as defective .
android has many apps that run either in background ( such as accuweather daemon ) or only appear as widgets ( for example typoclock ) . since these two apps do not need the user to open them from the launcher , they do not add an icon to it . the same happens with live wallpapers . if you use a root explorer or another root app that will let you see all the installed apps , you will see that the list is higher than the apps that appear in the launcher .
you could perhaps download a font from the google play store ? i have seen some fonts packs up there . e.g. https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.develop.plugin.fontfeature=search_result#?t=w251bgwsmswyldesimnvbs5kzxzlbg9wlnbsdwdpbi5mb250il0 . some of these will more than likely require your device be rooted . or you can change the size of your phone 's font . to do that go to settings\display\font , you should be ably to manipulate the font . was not much to go on so i hope this helps .
these things helped a lot : looking at which apps drained the most power . performance improved a lot after uninstalling facebook and a few other apps i had downloaded over time . upgrading to cyanogenmod 10.1-m3 helped . they fixed a nasty memory leak , which probably accounted for parts of my issues . a little before the first 10.1-rc candidates , the cm team tweaked memory settings that had changed without warning in one of the releases . if you are running low on storage , you might want to run fstrim /data on a root shell . it seems to be a technical limitation of ssds when they are low on space .
on xda , in the user profile of astarioth , there is a link mentioned in the " most thanked " tab : https://dl.dropbox.com/s/vprplelu9zx7s2o/kindle_fire_usb_driver.rar?dl=1 ( and this is the xda post thanked for ) . the name of the .rar archive suggests it holds your wanted drivers -- and the quote [ . . . ] uninstall your old kindle usb driver and install this one . confirms my guess : ) now , why did not you find it in your sdk directory , you might ask ? guess that is as it goes with apples and peaches . you assumed google 's android sdk -- while amazon has its own android sdk . and that line most likely referred to the latter , while you have the former installed . also only a guess -- but i would say i guessed right again ? you might want to read setting up your development environment , take a special look at the section installing sdk add-ons . if you work with eclipse , this gives you another source to get to the kindle drivers .
as @mathew read already said , since your starting again clear the old app data . settings > applications > manage applications > select the messaging app choose ' clear data ' and also ' clear cache ' . if not you could also factory reset the phone .
apparently , droidx uses ecryptfs following are mount options on /data/data : rw,nosuid,nodev,noatime,nodiratime,ecryptfs_sig=****************, ecryptfs_cipher=aes,ecryptfs_key_bytes=32,ecryptfs_passthrough  i would imagine this means that encryption key here is 32 bytes , which is 256 bits , which seems pretty good to me .
just from my readings , i think choosing the option to clear credential storage ( removes all certificates ) may allow swipe . even if there are no certificates , you may need to explicitly use that option to clear certificates .
yes , there is , both from the device , or using google play on a ' regular computer ' . using your mobile device open the google play store app touch the play store icon and select my apps . visit the all category . select an app you’d like to install , then touch the install button on the app’s detail page . using your computer visit your my apps page on google play . select an app to view its detail page . click the button that says install or installed and select the device where you’d like to install the app . note : when an app shows an " installed " button on its detail page , it means that the app is installed on one of the devices associated with your google account . click install .
they are all electromagnetic waves with different wavelengths . there had been no scientific evidence that they are dangerous in the power level used in common appliances , and many researches shows no evidence of danger in the short term studies , however many countries adopts the precautionary approach and advises people to minimize exposure just in case since long term study and study in children has not been conclusive yet ( these kind of studies takes a very long time since they follow their subjects for decades ) , although preliminary results suggests that long term effect may also be of no danger . you are probably more likely to be killed in a car accident then getting a cancer due to mobile phone radiation .
since you specifically mention twrp in your question , i will just use it as my example . note that cwm or any other possible android recovery project will also apply . it looks like there is a slight misconception at play . i will just drop a few clarifying notes here : twrp is indeed an image to be flashed . flashing twrp does not overwrite your bootloader . twrp is not a bootloader replacement - it is recovery software . it is a drop-in replacement for android 's stock open-source recovery mode , and therefore has the access needed to do things like create/restore backups root devices install official updates so the short answer is : yes ! it is indeed possible to root without overwriting the stock bootloader ! a few more notes : twrp ( and cwm recovery ) is a mature ( several years old and quite stable ) open-source project that is used by a huge portion of the android community and considered very trustworthy . flashing twrp will replace the contents of /recovery/ . you generally need to use the stock bootloader in order to select the boot-to-recovery option in order to use twrp .
do not think you can do that with the stock messaging app . might be best to install an alternative app to do that . there is three alternative popular ones available from google play . there is handcent-sms , go-sms mentioned in the tags , also there is chomp-sms as well . as for permissions yeah , that is a tricky one , as long as they do not have the over-usage of permission demands , you should be pretty ok . as an off-topic , i do know that in cyanogenmod , there is a setting to deselect the permissions as required for each and every app you install , for example , an app called ' foosms ' - uncheck ' read sms ' , the app may bomb out with an security error exception due to the said permission being revoked . incidentally , there is cm7 available for europa via madteam .
i do not think this is a design feature . . . i am not able to reproduce this at all ( except for scrolling down a bit : ) . however , as the android market app is not the most stable app on the android platform , you might want to try clearing the market app cache . go to settings - applications - manage applications - select android market app - click the clear cache button . restart the market app and check if the checkbox is present .
yes , you can connect an android phone to a tv or a computer monitor . at least if you have a new enough tv or monitor , and not a ten year old tv like i do . :- ) my android phone came with a hdmi cable to use when connecting phone to tv . i have connected it many times to my computer however , using a mini usb cable . but i would be able to use the hdmi as well , depending on what i want to do . i am for sure no expert , but i have a sony ericsson experia arc s and i have used it for over a year . i hope that this answer is good enough to offer some help . for newer phone , you may wish to use the following : micro usb to hdmi® mhl adapter reference link : http://www.monoprice.com/products/product.asp?c_id=108cp_id=10833cs_id=1083314p_id=8675seq=1format=2 video link : http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embeddedv=p5tjl_a_wcc in the reference link , it include information such as compatible mobile devices ( which you can retrieve from this link - http://www.mhlconsortium.org/workarea/downloadasset.aspx?id=5055 )
with the default calendar app , when viewing an event the individual calendar is listed right at the top . additionally , each calendar even is color-coded . if jorte is not displaying that to you , it sounds like a shortcoming of the app and something you should petition the developer to fix .
take a closer look when swiping your finger to unlock the screen , there are a few apps surrounding the unlock area , swipe right to only unlock and not open other apps . to change these shortcuts , go to settings - lock screen - slider shortcuts .
see these other two , older questions , about how to take screenshots : taking a screenshot of an android phone ? and can i screenshot my htc legend without rooting it ?
as matthew read noted in a comment : yes , it is . the entire data directory is simply deleted : the shared_prefs directory is absent in the last ls listing because i did not launch the app , i only reinstalled it , therefore there were no preferences yet created for it ( it sets defaults on the first launch ) . i point this out only because it illustrates that the preferences from the previous install were not retained anywhere .
i believe it is related to this issue : onsignalstrengthschanged returns unknown signal strength where android return wrong strength on galaxy s2 .
no , there is no common shortcut to close/exit any program . the " android way " is to let the os decide when to actually close/exit an application . just hit the " home " button or the " recent apps " buttons to switch to another application when you are done with the current application , or tap the physical power button to turn off the screen . the os will take responsibility for deciding when to suspend and when to terminate a background application . it generally does a good job of this , but some people cannot stand this behavior and so install task manager applications to explicitly terminate background applications .
as your phone is rooted , you could use titanium backup to backup app and data . then uninstall viber , re-install it , check if it works , and use tb again to restore only the data . keep in mind that when a mis-configuration is the cause of your problem , after restoring the app 's data your problem might be back . in that case , simply repeat the operation , but do not restore the data , if you want the app working again . of course , in that case your chat history would be lost ; but you might be able to manually pick the data from tibu 's backups .
i can see two major problems with this . android 2.2 does not support usb host mode out-of-the-box . this means any external usb peripherals like your modem are not recognized by the android device . although some successful attempts were made to shoehorn this functionality into several handsets , the process is not easy to say the least . it is only been developed for a few phones so far , and would take quite an effort to port to your specific tablet . depending on the target device 's kernel 's availability of source code , this may not even be possible at all . even if usb host is achieved , the android drivers for the modem would need to be obtained . a quick google search does not return anything useful , which means the drivers would need to be written from scratch . without the aid of the manufacturer , this may prove to be an impossible task for a hobbyist developer . unfortunately , it looks like you are stuck with using your tab 's built-in wifi for data connectivity .
from gsmarena : 2g network gsm 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 3g network hsdpa 900 / 2100 umts 850 / 1900 - american version
i am not sure it would be legal for them to discriminate on warranty just because a phone is rooted . however , there are some " void your warranty " things you could do when rooted ( such as overclock way high , etc ) . you might find a tool on xda to restore an original rom , i did once for a bricked phone . they may have such a tool in-store too .
on version gmail 4.5-694836 from the main inbox or inside any email : bring up the menu-> settings-> general settings-> now click the menu button again to bring up sub-menu of options-> clear picture approvals . warning : this clears all your approved sender settings , i believe there is no option to revoke by individual email senders .
you could try adding a chrome-command-line file which causes chrome to load sites in desktop mode by default . the only way to stop this however , is to remove the file . see here or you could install the chrome ua switcher app although this requires root access so may not be suitable if you are not rooted .
the problem was the difference in unlocked bootloaders between e610 and e612 . finally i ended up using the few seconds before the reboot to write the backed up bootloader and recovery back via dd . wow i hardly often do backups , but this time it was quite helpful .
it is now the morning after the evening i wrote this question . my lock and erase settings are now automagically present in android device manager . i have not changed any settings or powered off the phone , it was just ' sleeping ' last night . so it looks like the google servers needed some time to enable the settings .
go into the settings app . choose security , then owner info . uncheck show owner info on lock screen .
easytether is the easiest way to share your phone wireless internet with your computer . you install the program on your phone , set up the drivers ( which can be found here ) and run . to enable easytether , check the top box on the application screen . easy as that ! after you install the drivers : for ubuntu : start a terminal window type easytether connect it will connect , and give you another command that you can type into another terminal window to see status information about your connection . note : the original terminal window you open ( that you typed easytether connect into ) must stay open while you are using the connection for windows : right click the easytether logo in the taskbar ( lower right hand side , by the clock ) choose connect via (big number here) you are connected !
it is just because , under some circumstances , flashing can take a while . you really do not want your device shutting off while it is being flashed ; it can brick the device . the calibration for the battery is stored , yes , but usually it gets adjusted within a few charges of the phone . it might be a little inaccurate for a while , but it is not a major concern .
you can try to diagnose the problem yourself , or at least get a little more info by turning on a couple of developer diagnostics . in settings , scroll down to developer options . under the " input " section , check " show touches " . this will cause a small ( white ) circle to show on the screen where ever you touch it . if you do not see the circle ( which might be under your finger , so look carefully ) , you know it did not register your touch . if you see the circle lagging , then you know it registered your touch and is just being slow for other reasons . under " monitoring " , you may want to turn on " show cpu usage " and " strict mode enabled . " " show cpu usage " will show you what is running as a little overlay in the top right of the screen . the top line of the display shows the system cpu load . see this excellent write up of what the load numbers mean . if the load is high , your little nexus-7 " strict mode enabled " will " flash screen when apps do long operations on the main thread . " if your screen flashes , then you know something is hogging the cpu .
i have never found windows to be very helpful in identifying drivers either . here 's some information for you on what usb cdc is . according to wikipedia : usb communications device class ( or usb cdc ) is a composite universal serial bus device class . the class may include more than one interface , such as a custom control interface , data interface , audio , or mass storage related interfaces . additionally , a resource called the usb software resource center has this overview of cdc : there are three classes that make up the definition for communication devices : the communication device class , communication interface class and the data interface class . the communication device class is a device level definition and is used by the host to properly identify a communication device that may present several different types of interfaces . all of that is developer-speak , but it really just means that a usb cdc driver helps your pc 1 ) understand what services your phone can provide it and 2 ) start talking to your phone to use those services . i do not know for sure what service the cdc serial driver you see represents but i am pretty confident that installing the official samsung drivers for your phone would resolve the red x ( the drivers that windows installs automatically are sometimes generic and are often insufficient ) . in its current state , with your phone connected as an mtp device , do you have any trouble transferring files or doing anything else you want to do with your phone from your pc ? if you are not having trouble then it is possible the cdc serial driver is only used for connecting your phone as a modem or serial device ( as when communicating with your phone from the developer tool adb ) . if you are not planning to use your phone in this manner , you can safely ignore the failed installation of the cdc serial driver . i would not stress too much over it and would install the samsung drivers if you run into any trouble .
yes , support for this is native in android . i have an exchange account added to my phone ( settings > accounts and sync > add account ) . once i snyc'd email and calendar i was able to receive meeting requests through the mail application , accept them , and then see them show up in my calendar with a different color . the way google handles exchange is really sweet . update : so i played around a bit and here is what i found . from the gmail app on the phone you cannot accept appts . but , not sure how it works with ical and such , i just sent myself a meeting notice from my exchange outlook calendar to my gmail account . i signed into gmail from my computer , got the invite , i clicked yes i am attending , and it now shows on my calendar . so from the gamil app it appears we cannot accept invites but from a computer we can . : (
i found the answer on this page , and the solution was to download and install a compass fix patch .
there is no way to control the blink speed in the os itself . however , light flow provides a plethora of options for colour , flash rate , etc . there are probably other equivalent apps too .
i feel stupid for not trying this earlier , but i simply re-installed angry birds ( again ) and i had immediate access to the mighty eagle . it did not even show me the promo and purchase screen . strange thing is that this is not how it went first time around , but i am glad this is all it took . rovio still has not responded to my support ticket at the time of writing .
a surely working , but hard to achieve solution would be to set up an access-point where you log all the traffic and connect your phone to it .
the official flash player for android only supports armv7 processor architecture . the way that some armv6 devices have flash is that some is that a few cheap tablets ( usually from china ) have a non-official version . you can download one here . but beware it may or may not work !
yes , you should be able to install a wifi only rom manually , i`ve just gone to ics with 3g and its great . found these links useful : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bfhwd2nxw1u http://www.icsforums.com/forum/showthread/6398 http://forum.xda-developers.com/wiki/motorola_xoom hope this helps
i ended up finding a great app called calendar snooze that does exactly what i was looking for . you can set custom snooze times , set how often the reminders repeat if you do not snooze them , etc .
it seems that entering zip codes directly in the contacts app in the zip+4 format under android 2.1-update1 is not possible . however , i just updated to froyo ( 2.2 ) ( t959uvka6 ) . not only can the contacts/ storage app natively import and export contacts to and from the microsd card , but it also allows directly entering zip+4 with the dash in the zip code field !
if you use the gmail app the mail is pushed instead of synced and therefore you cannot find the sync frequency setup . however , if you set up your gmail account in the android email app , where you can have your non gmail accounts ( pop3/imap/exchange ) , the mail is synced and you can set the frequency in the account settings , inside the email app .
apparently themes on cyanogenmod are controlled by an app called . . . theme chooser . i did not even know they were customizable , and had never opened the app before ( and i would expect such a thing to be in the settings , not in an app ) . anyway , mine was on the " system " theme , which is green , and i can easily change it back to the " cyanbread " theme , which is the blue one i am used to . i do not know how or why it changed , but it is easy enough to fix once you learn where they are configured , and does not seem as big of a deal as i thought .
how can i tell i am affected ? this is probably the first question to those not familiar with this topic . with gingerbread ( android 2.3 ) and above , you have got a service aboard helping you to figure out : battery statistics . though manufacturers tend to place it at different points , it is mostly found in settings &rarr ; about the phone &rarr ; battery or similar , and shows a list of the apps having used most of your battery . on top of that is a small graph . tap that , and it brings you to a screen similar to this one : screenshot of battery statistics on android 2.3 i chose a screenshot from one of my devices which illustrates the issue . looking at the lower two blue bars ( "aktiv " = device was kept awake ( active ) , " bildschirm an " = " screen on" ) , the right-most blue bar on " aktiv " indicates a wakelock : device was kept busy despite the fact the screen was turned off . so by this we can be pretty sure we have got a wakelock -- but we cannot tell who caused it . if your device does not offer this screen ( or the bars at the bottom : i just discovered e.g. the lg optimus 4x running android 4.0.3 has cut these bars off ) , you can find them e.g. using gsam battery monitor : similar information from gsam battery monitor -- here the mentioned " blue bars " are yellow/orange what caused the wakelock ? unfortunately , this question cannot be answered using pre-installed apps ( except for , maybe , some custom roms ) . but there are tools available that can . the best known candidate for this is betterbatterystats , and shows us the cause in its partial wakelocks section : screenshots from betterbatterystats in the first example 2 ( taken from the app 's playstore page ) , the event causing most of the wakelocks was a desired one : we do not want the playback stopped while listening to music . so the second example 3 ( taken from a real case on one of my devices ) might prove better : the topmost 3 events are caused by the very same app , which needed the wakelock to keep the imap push service active . for an alternative to betterbatterystats , check out the wakelock detector app mentioned in uzumapps ' answer -- which seems easier to handle especially for non-techies : wakelock detector -- click image to enlarge . ( source : google play ) what can be done ? if the case is as clear as in the second example in the previous section , the action is quite obvious -- at least in my case : i do not need to be informed immediately when a mail arrives ; a delay of 30min is absolutely acceptable . so i went into the mail app , disabled imap push ( see also : push email ) , and instead switched to a 30min poll interval . wakelocks did not entirely disappear , but dropped markably -- battery life improved noticably . then there is the case mentioned in the question itself : a bad behaving app not releasing its wakelock . confront the dev with your findings and ask for a fix . if he delivers : problem solved . if not : there is almost always an alternative app available . what if it is the android system itself ? yeah , sometimes it looks like just that : 98% or more consumed by some android service . oh , if it is 98% , in most cases the candidate is named locationmanagerservice . bad guy spying at us ? not necessarily . in this special case , the listed " bad guy " is not even guilty -- at least not directly . here it is another app requesting the current location too frequently . there is an excellent article on setera . org about this : pinpointing android locationmanagerservice battery drain . to give an abstract : it uses android 's dumpsys feature ( requires root ! ) to dump a system state , and lets you investigate the listeners established for the locationmanagerservice . a closer look at their configuration shows which are constantly " hammering " it for location info ( some do so permanently , i.e. without a break ) . as the app 's id is listed along , and at another place in the dump even together with the apps technical name , you can still identify it and take appropriate actions . and what about ufos ? unfortunately , there are such : apps which registered a wakelock -- and then exited without releasing it . what is left are unused f **ing obsoletes* -- wakelocks held for no use . so no way to simply bring the app to foreground and re-configure , or making it release its wakelocks . here the only solution known to me is a reboot -- and i would like to have a better solution . of course , if you know the guilty app , the steps concerning it are the same as above : inform the dev , get a fix -- or replace the app . but about getting rid of the current wakelock ? maybe somebody else can provide a better alternative to the reboot ? are there some recommended further readings ? sure . one for now , i may add more later : [ guide ] wakelocks definition and how to prevent them ( xda developers , march 2013 )
have you tried installing portugese* as a language in your phone settings ? your current language obviously does not contain that character . if you download and install the portugese* language pack for your phone , it should recognize that character in the wi-fi network name . alternately , you could try to manually add the wi-fi network to your phone using the network ssid . simply type in the correct ssid ( network name ) with the special character instead of trying to auto-detect the network . edit : as a quick and dirty solution , you could also use an app like wifi connection manager which claims to be able to handle special characters . also , according to this page ( stackexchange-url it seems like the default android encoding of ssid 's is the source of your problem . the only fix i have seen is using an app or writing your own driver or script to connect to the network using the correct encoding for special characters .
go to Settings-&gt;Sony Ericsson-&gt;Connectivity and un-check Auto connect in MSC .
i can understand your concern , but i have also never seen a film that specifically covers the camera lens window . i have not used a zagg , but other screen films i have purchased in the past included the excess film on the card - if the zagg included this you could possibly cut your own square or circle to cover the lens window . otherwise i would suggest checking your retailer of choice for another inexpensive film that you can use to cut your own window from . in the past i have purchased screen protectors on clearance from places like staples , walmart , etc for obsolete devices so i could cut them to protect camera screens , etc .
you cannot install cwm recovery onto the samsung galaxy tab p1000 via rom manager app . you will need to flash it via odin or heimdal utilities . xda-developers forums are a good start . i suggest reading up on the galaxy tab android development section . this thread seems to have good instructions for flashing clockworkmod v3 along with a euro-specific kernel . this should be a good start that will allow you to format the tab to ext4 file system , and allow for flashing other roms such as cm9 alpha/beta . what is in the package : galaxy tab ( euro ) kernel 1.4ghz clockspeed ( stock voltage ) voodoo sound patch v6 ( search the market for the voodoo control app ) 100 % mcr ext4 compatible and separate overcome version uv control by sysfs or app ( thanks to xan ) camera/key-backlight working uv lcd ( 3.3v to 2.6v ) thanks to koxudaxi uv ram ( 1.8v to 1.6v ) thanks to koxudaxi led flash for flash light apps thanks to koxudaxi filesystem support - ext2/ext3/ext4 frequencies 100/200/400/800/1000/1200/1400 rooted adb shell clockworkmod 3 ( thanks to paul obrien ) always backup your stuff before flashing anything . extract the zip and use heimdall to flash the zimage ( kernel directory ) . heimdall must be version 1.1.0 or greater . you must have the libusb drivers working in download mode before you can flash using heimdall . use the command line : heimdall flash --kernel zImage where zimage is the name of the kernel , full path names are allowed . downloadlink : galaxy tab 1.4ghz v16 - mcr version if you have a problem with the sensors just push this file to /system/lib/hw : http://xda.richardtrip.org/tab/sensors.default.so
there are multiple ways to clear " default actions": walking through the list of apps in settings&rarr ; apps&rarr ; manage apps , looking at each entry whether it has a " clear defaults " button , and hit that ( not very user-friendly -- and in this special case obviously not applyable , as the action seems not bound to a special app ) using a helper app like e.g. default app manager or defaultapp reset ( much more user-friendly -- but not suitable in this case , for the same reason as the previous point ) installing another app which uses the same intent ( in case of a " homescreen launcher " and the " home " key , another launcher , to give an example ) -- not always easy to figure out what app might be fitting for this purpose . this is what lead to success in our case here , by installing andmade share note : you do not need to keep that app installed . it is the installation of the app which " drops " the default . this is also the purpose why the next item works : updating/uninstalling one of the apps currently using this intent ( to take above example : that is why you will be asked again when your launcher received an update ) -- this point just for completeness : )
after a bit of investigation , i found there is people already working on having cyanogenmod on this model : https://github.com/sebastian404/android_device_huawei_u8160
according to the google product forums with google maps for android 6.10 the latitude widget is no longer available . you can view your friends ' locations quickly by touching the latitude icon , or by turning on the latitude layer in google maps .
according to this blog post , you need a 3.5mm -> rca/phono cable , and it goes in the headphone socket of the phone .
i remember this . when i first got my phone i made the same mistake , setting my contacts to save to my phone instead of google . i believe i ended up using the free version of mybackup to backup my contacts , then restore them as google contacts .
it is been reported as a known issue on code . google . com . there is a long list of 79 comments which seem to indicate that rooting and adding a program called " autostarts " fixes the problem . this is obviously not something everyone is going to want to do . . . be careful if you go that route .
there is a known bug that disallows sorting of wma files by track number . you could try using mediamonkey or something like mp3tag on your pc to rename the file as %track_number% - %Artist% - %Title%.wma or something similar , so it sorts by name . also try meridian player - you can create a playq ( kinda like a playlist and then sort that by track , i believe . and be sure to take a look @ mort player too .
assuming samsung have made the same changes for the captivate as the galaxy , then fully opening an appointment in the calendar app and pressing edit , you should have a line labelled " calendar " that will say " my calendar " ( this is the local calendar on the phone ) , press the arrow beside that and it takes you to a list of your calendars and lets you select your google calendar to move the appointment there . also when you are in the calendar and want to create a new appointment there are two ways to do it . either long pressing on a day/time takes you to the quick appointment creation box , this always goes into your phone 's local calendar and then needs moving out to your gcal . however if you press the menu button and select " create " then it takes you to the same screen as the edit screen , and you can pick which calendar to save to from there .
today i have made some progress in this question . on iphone you can buy a irig mic which can do the job ( and it should work on android too ) . but since i want to use another external microphone i have decided to make the adapter myself from some different adapters ( which does the same thing as irig mic , but with a female 3.5 mm jack output , so i can use my wireless microphone with it ) i have ordered the parts from an online store in denmark , but you can get it all over the internet , you just need to know what you need : ) the first thing you need is a 3.5 mm male 4 pole conductor jack ( trrs ) to rca adapter . like this one then you need a rca to either female jack or xlr adapter ( either if your mic has a jack or xlr output ) like this one and thats all . then you can plug everything together and use the mic of your choice on your android phone . ( btw some stock camcorder apps can not use external microphones , then just use this camcorder app : https://market.android.com/details?id=rubberbigpepper.lgcamerafeature=search_result#?t=w251bgwsmswxldesinj1ymjlcmjpz3blchblci5sz0nhbwvyysjd ) i am using this app ^^ with this set of wireless microphones and i am just waiting for the last adapter in the mail tomorrow . . so from tomorrow i can record with my galaxy nexus and record the sound via the wireless microphone on a distance up too 30 meters :d and if i need to go around with the phone and the microphone , i will just plug in a wired microphone to the female jack and go around with the phone and microphone in my hand : ) i hope someone in the future can use this information which was very hard to find on the internet : ) when i have some time later today or tomorrow , i will upload a couple pictures to illustrate my setup : )
i am looking for an xps reader too . two points . first , google docs viewer supports . xps files ( getting to know the google docs viewer ) but google docs mobile viewer does not , per my experience and this support page ( viewing files from within google docs ) . i spent time trying because this cached page ' s article title is google docs mobile viewer for android , iphone , ipad has been released and has this list of tags that made me think i would found a solution . article tags:xps android , xps viewer android , android xps , xps viewer for android , android xps viewer , android xps reader , xps reader android second , perhaps if enough people show interest there will be an xps viewer available from the android market . i added to the android market xps viewer feature request thread .
no idea about other apps but angry birds save data is stored to /data/data/com . rovio . angrybirds/files if you copy over the contents to a separate location , then re-install angry birds and move back the old save data into the same location after re-installing angry birds , you should have the same save state .
this article describes the next release of skype for android ( v . 2.1 ) which now supports 17 phones on video chat . the answer before was directing to other services or modified versions of skype , but this is official , so i thought i would post it .
/data/system/dropbox is not part of " dropbox " it is part of the android os dropboxmanager ( not related at all to " dropbox" ) . this puts data from application crashes and kernel logs and such in this log directory . i know the market uses this directory ( see #4 ) as well , probably to report application crashes . you could probably remove the data in this directory , but do not delete the directory and you may see logcat errors from parts of the os/apps looking for specific files in this directory . edit : i deleted everything from this folder and rebooted my device afterwards , i had no issues with any applications , and it actually freed up some space on the device .
edit honestly , i am not 100% sure that this was really a problem related to the kernel . i think that the " problem " could be also caused by the fact that pressing the home key in recovery mode results in a reboot . the correct way to select a recovery item is to press the power button . original post i had the same issue two days ago . the problem was the kernel . after switching to the kernel that was mentioned a few wiki changes before it worked like a charm . kernel : http://cmw.22aaf3.com/aries/gt-i9000/root/hardcore-speedmod-i9000.zip md5: afccda1f4efb560398dd5bc107bb7a69 i even ( re- ) added this information but it was again reverted . :- (
the best option you can use open the menu in play store and then go to settings and then mark the notification:notify me about updates to apps or games that i downloaded and then you will get the notification and update them whenever you want to . also unmark the auto-update apps so it will never update them automatically .
the files ( if they are considered as such ) to which logs are written by the device are not in /system but in /dev/log . these " files " are reset at every boot , so unless the device you have has a boot-time script that automatically saves logs to a file in , say , /sdcard , there is sadly no way to retrieve the logs you want while in recovery .
cell standby being high means you have a really weak signal wherever your phone was . the phone cranks its radio up to maximum power to try to maintain a usable signal . there are several ways to stop it - none of them ideal : put the phone somewhere with a better signal ( near a window maybe ) put it in airplane mode to turn off the radio ( but you will not be able to get phone calls/texts ) switch to a carrier that has a better signal near your home/workplace as for why it is doing it now , it could be that you are leaving the phone in a different place in your house most of the time , or weather is affecting the signal strength , or sprint is extra crummy in your area lately .
clearing the app cache ( and data ) seems to have resolved the issue for me .
answer copied from drake in can i sync firefox bookmarks with android ? xmarks premium allows to synchronize all bookmarks between different pcs ( supports chrome , firefox and more ) and different mobile phones/tablet ( android , iphone , blackberry ) for 12$/year . edit #1: if you are looking for a free alternative , you can try dolphin browser ( it is available for both android and blackberry ) . dolphin lets you sync bookmarks .
i found now a solution myself : first , cat /etc/resolv.conf is not a valid way to display the used dns servers under android . use getprop net.dns1 instead . in my case the dns server was not the google server as set in /etc/resolv.conf , instead it was one of my isp which accepts only requests from ips in its network but my openvpn server is in another network . to solve this issue i just modified /system/etc/dhcpcd/dhcpcd-hooks/20-dns.conf a bit : that will force the phone to always use the google dns servers for all connections ( e . g . 3g , wifi , openvpn , . . . ) . i have tested that for a few weeks now and it works perfect .
these are called dialer codes , so naturally try typing it into your dialer as if it were a phone number . i just did it on my vibrant and got this : WlanTest Engineering Mode Status... Unloading Normal Driver and Loading Mfg Driver Driver loading successful 
to get a lock screen similar to the one available for windows phone , try lock screen 7 . widgetlocker lockscreen is a paid app which promises to give more lock screen options . quick launch social lockscreen is another option . then there is active lockscreen . holo locker plus and its free version .
it may depend on what phone you have but for htc phones you can add a " shortcut " of a person and have the shortcut be the whole contact card or just start an e-mail message ( or any other contract related actions ) long press on the home screen to bring up the " add to home " menu , select " shortcut " then select " person " . here you can select the person you want to be able to contact and it will provide you a list of actions to perform on that contact . select " send mail " . when you click on the new shortcut it may prompt you to choose an e-mail client but you can either choose a default or not and be able to choose which client you use each time . edit - i just tried this on my hero with a aosp custom rom and the only option i could find on the " shortcut " menu was to add a contact . this would provide you with a two-click method - once to select the contact and a second click to select the " email " action . edit2 - i just found mail widget free in the android market , which looks like exactly what you wanted . you can add widgets either 2x1 or 3x1 which will have the contact 's photo and e-mail address . one click and your default e-mail app will open ready to send a message to that contact . there is a " pro " version which allows a 1x1 widget . note : i am not the developer of this app . edit3 - i also just found that htc 's have a " people widget " . with this widget you can select certain people or groups to be displayed and each one can have a different default function when clicked . one of those functions is to send and e-mail . to do this just add the " people widget " ( it should be there by default in your widget list ) then select the group ( or create one ) that you want to be in the widget and then once the widget is up - click on the contact you want to email . this will bring up a selection of functions to apply to that contact and you can then select e-mail and you will see an envelope icon on that contact in the widget . i can not believe i missed this one before : ) . i hope either this one or the previous edit can answer your question .
the problem that i have faced was caused by trying to install update of android 4.4.2 for my galaxy s3 while the update requires the previous version which is mk3 ( android 4.3 ) . as i mentioned in the question , i have formatted and deleted the whole system that is why status 7 error showed up because "system/build.prop" was already deleted . the only possible solution i made was downloading and flashing the stock rom from the official site using od3n software .
it is samsung software , built into the system in certain samsung phones . like the dropbox app , it is a service to automatically upload photos you take on your phone ; it connects to your " samsung account " if you create one . it also integrates with dropbox to sync photos to the device gallery ; if you have " camera upload " turned on in dropbox as well , this probably results in your phone having two copies of each photo : the usual one , and one in cloudagent 's storage . you can change its settings by going into the main settings app and choosing cloud from the applications manager list ( in the device section ) . you can clear its data and disable it , or " freeze " the app if your device is rooted , and the only consequence is that photos from dropbox will not show up in gallery . if you have the dropbox app installed as well , dropbox can still sync ( and automatically upload photos ) without cloudagent running .
armv6 and armv7 are two different versions of cpu architecture developed by arm . armv6 is older and armv7 is newer . armv6 was used in arm11 and arm cortex-m cpu families . armv7 is used in arm cortex-a , arm cortex-m ( newer ) , arm cortex-r cpu families . there are many feature differences which are off-topic on this website , but you can check this . the main difference is armv7 requires high memory but gives high performance which is opposite for armv6 .
presumably , the device is using wifi to access the internet - it might be worth a shot to try this : settings > wifi hit on menu to bring up advanced tap on that menu option keep wifi on during sleep , check that , make sure its set to never in that way when the device goes to sleep , wifi is still active and running and the web app should still work and when a new job arrives we are notified with an audible alert edit the above answer is not the correct answer , rather from the comments below , this is definitely the one , in which i quote , . maybe , the approach to managing the jobs is done the wrong way , especially in context of android - a custom app that has a service using a partial wake-lock to " ping " checking on jobs , send an event to the app and the app wakes up . imho , a browser is not the right tool for the requirements in your case . in short , there is nothing that can be done to keep the web-browser " alive " while the device is sleeping , as android , behind the scenes , when the kernel is not in sleep state , is tracking what apps are running , and depending on power and memory constraints , especially in the case of a web-browser page , ( if it has a lot of styles , the more elaborate the page , the more resources hogged up as a result , especially if it has a lot of javascript behind the page ) this could be the job for the kernel to shoot it down and eject it from memory hence not reliable route to take . tl ; dr : a proper application instead of just web-browser will resolve the op 's problem . off-topic : there was a piece covered by the technology section under the bbc news in respect to mobile web browsing and how it can affect the battery due to the way web pages are designed , rather , they were designed incorrectly for the mobile platform , too much styles , too much scripting , not to mention flash as well , they all had adverse affect on how android displays/renders the page which in turn meant a lot of cpu cycles consumed to do just that .
use android-vnc-viewer to mirror the desktop pc screen , and control the desktop i had another question on android[dot]stackexchange.com: ( in using a vnc to control a computer , is it possible to have the cursor go to where you touch ? - android [ dot ] stackexchange [ dot ] com/questions/34668/in-using-a-vnc-to-control-a-computer-is-it-possible-to-have-the-cursor-go-to-wh ) in the question , i included a video : remote control of ubuntu with android-vnc-viewer - www.youtube.com/watch?v=stkx6qmbgck#t=0m30s android-vnc-viewer “see and control your computer 's desktop from your phone , from anywhere . androidvnc is the open source ( gpl ) remote desktop program for android devices . connects to most vnc servers : incl tightvnc , realvnc on win and linux , x11vnc , and apple remote desktop on os/x . ” . in the video , i do not know the input mode that is being demonstrated at 0:30 , but it looks like the mouse cursor goes to where he touches . http://code.google.com/p/android-vnc-viewer/ i am guessing that the input mode in the video was either : touch mouse pan and zoom this is the default input mode and is designed to work like the android browser . you can both pan the display and control the mouse using the touchscreen and gestures . you pan by dragging or flicking on the touchscreen ; you click the mouse by tapping on it . you right-click by double-tapping ( or by holding down the camera button while tapping ) . you drag the mouse by doing a long press on the display , and then dragging . in this mode the trackball or dpad ( if your phone has one ) can also be used to control the mouse ; this may give you finer control . you can zoom the screen size with the +/- buttons , or , if your device supports multi-touch and has android 2.0+ , you can pinch to zoom out and spread to zoom in . or : mouse control mode in this mode , use the touchscreen to control the mouse . touching the screen generates a mouse click at that point ; dragging on the screen creates a mouse drag . keyboard events are sent as normal . the trackball is used to send arrow-key events to the vnc server . pressing the trackball toggles between mouse pointer control and desktop panning modes . port forwarding if the pc you are connecting to accesses the internet through a router , this will be the wan address assigned to the router by your isp ; you will also need to forward the vnc port ( 5900 ) from the router to your pc ( exactly how you do this depends on the details of your router , so i can not give more explicit instructions here ) . hacker 's keyboard - use a full soft keyboard on android from what i have read , the stock android keyboard does not have buttons such as ctrl , alt , esc , arrow keys , home , end , and delete . you can use the free , open source , app call hacker 's keyboard to gain access to the buttons of a full keyboard : “are you missing the key layout you are used to from your computer ? this keyboard has separate number keys , punctuation in the usual places , and arrow keys . it is based on the aosp gingerbread soft keyboard , so it supports multitouch for the modifier keys . this keyboard is especially useful if you use connectbot for ssh access . it provides working tab/ctrl/esc keys , and the arrow keys are essential for devices such as the xoom tablet or nexus s that do not have a trackball or d-pad . ” http://code[dot]google[dot]com/p/hackerskeyboard/ a patch that allows android-vnc-viewer to recognize all the keys of hacker 's keyboard in “frequently asked questions” of hacker 's keyboard , there is a section called “android vnc viewer does not recognize the extra keys” . it directs you to an issue called “issue 238: support additional keys , fix modifier handling” ( code [ dot ] google [ dot ] com/p/android-vnc-viewer/issues/detail ? id=238 ) . the patch there will make it so that android vnc viewer recognizes buttons of a full keyboard . update : bvnc bvnc is a secure , open source vnc client . tested with hackerskeyboard . using it is recommended ( get hackers keyboard from google play ) . play [ dot ] google [ dot ] com/store/apps/details ? id=com . iiordanov . freebvnc and hl=en github [ dot ] com/iiordanov/bvnc update 2: jump desktop vnc i currently and personally use jump desktop vnc because the “bring-out-the-keyboard” is close , and easily reachable . with bvnc , i have to tap near the middle of the screen , and then i press a keyboard button on the right to bring out the keyboard . jump desktop vnc also lets you use a google account , so you don’t have to deal with addresses .
these days , the google play store ( renamed android marketplace ) does in fact have review filtering based on the rating . just click on " user reviews " and the "5 stars " , "4 stars " titles for the bar graphic are now clickable , and clicking them displays only reviews with that rating . thanks , google !
you cannot do this on the phone . any contacts created on the phone that were added to one gmail account , cannot easily be " copied " to the other gmail account , especially not in-bulk . you can however , do this quite easily on gmail 's web site : on your computer log into your gmail account that has your latest contacts , and click on " contacts " link . on the upper-right side click the " export " link , select " everyone ( all contacts ) " and " google csv format " options , and click the " export " button . when prompted , save the " google . csv " file somewhere on your computer ( e . g . c:\ drive . ) log off your gmail account , and log into your second gmail account . go to contacts , click on the " import " link , click on " choose file " button , browse to your c:\ drive ( or wherever you saved the file in step 3 , ) select the " google . csv " file , click open , and finally click the " import " button . you may also choose to add these new contacts to an existing group , or create a new one . after a few minutes , these contacts should sync to your phone under the 2nd gmail account .
the best solution if you are willing to write code is sl4a . this will give you the most flexibility . you could use the python module with a lightweight web framework ( like : bottle . py ) or your favorite scripting language . as a side note , get requests should not change state . also make sure you implement some sort of security as this would make it possible for anyone to control your phone remotely .
cyanogenmod 6 , which is 2.2 is reported to work for the t-mobile g1 .
the verizon network uses a technology called cdma2000 , or cdma for short . there are different types of cdma2000 connections . the first is 1x , or 1xrtt , which has a potential throughput of 153kbps , but will likely be lower depending on signal strength . when '1x ' is displayed in the status bar , this is the connection type your device has . cdma2000 1xev-do , or ev-do for short , uses multiplexing to increase throughput . the rev . a version of the ev-do standard has a potential throughput of around 3.1mbps . this is the connection type when 3g is displayed in the status bar . verizon is in the process of rolling out a technology called lte which the carrier will market as their 4g service . this new technology will allow much higher throughput ( estimated 12mbps at launch with the specification capable of delivering rates as high as 50-100mbps ) .
currently this functionality does not seem to be possible using voice search . there is a free app in the market called navigationpro which is a little funky to figure out at first . it allows you to save locations and name them in the app . you can then enable the feature in the preferences for the app so that whenever you run the app it automatically prompts you for a name you can speak . once it recognizes the name it automatically goes to google maps and starts navigation for the address .
this is one of the reasons mtp was introduced for : independency of the file system format used " behind it " . you can compare it to using " standard sql " to retrieve data from a database via an odbc driver : your application does not need to know whether there is a mysql , oracle , postgresql , or whatever database behind it . as long as it sticks to standard sql commands , it simply works . similar issue with mtp . other than with using ums , your computer does not access the file-system directly , but uses a kind of " command layer " . on the android device , mtp then plays the role of our above odbc driver , translating everything to the underlying file system . so as long as your computer knows how to deal with mtp , you do not have to even think about what file system is used . it should simply work . but on the other hand , mtp has proven tricky sometimes : it requires extra drivers on windows , and does not work out of the box on macos or linux systems ( also extra installs and adjustments required here ) . so there are alternatives you might wish to take a look at for file transfer , such as using apps like airdroid , ftpserver , davdrive , or similar .
apparently the problem is with apps installing to the sd card . running the following command in the terminal fixed the problem for me : su rm /mnt/secure/asec/smdl2tmp1.asec 
i have this same problem , intermittently , with my n1/froyo/cm6 . i do not know why it happens , but it is been happening since the froyo update afair . i have noticed it happens less often if i stay in one place . this led me to the theory that , since i live at a university , the fact that networks will pop in and out of range even as i enter my dorm and walk up to my room will make my n1 think that the network 's unstable and thus disable it . toggling definitely fixes the issue .
the issue is most likely caused by a wrong apn configuration . though customer care told you their card is " self configurable " , this may well be relative : many roms ( especially custom roms like cyanogenmod ) come with a built-in list of apns , which are matched against the provider as specified by the sim card , and used correspondingly . while those matches usually are fine , there might be exceptions – e.g. when the provider made changes to his configuration after the rom was released . or did not provide all details : apns might need different parameters for e.g. 3g than for lte . as you have got a second android device where the card is working fine , put the sim into that device go to settings ( usually network → telephony or similarly ; different roms might place it slightly different ) tap the apn and select to adjust it do not adjust anything , just write down its parameters in a second step , put the same sim to your n7 go to the same settings page compare your values and , if something differs , adjust it i bet your device then will connect fine . if not ( or if there are no differences ) , it is probably a hardware issue , and you need to send your n7 for service .
for applications installed from market , you can go to Market &gt; Downloads for application name and developer info ; however built-in applications ( e . g . phone , calendar , other applications installed by default ) often are not shown in market list ( neither will they show in manage application either ) .
i figured out why this is happening . the problem is due too a bug that most other android users are having running 2.3.5 and higher . it happens when more than 50 apps are installed on the sd card . to which it seems there is no work around for as of yet . so we are stuck atm .
actually this feature does exist , but it is disabled by default , so to enable it in a vanilla android jelly bean 4.3 you must follow the steps below : open your phone app , tap the dialer tab ( first one at the left ) . tap the action overflow icon ( at bottom right corner ) and tap settings scroll down to section other call settings . you will see the option dial pad autocomplete is unchecked by default . check the dial pad autocomplete checkbox go back to the dialer , now you will see there is a slightly different layout than previously : the top area is now split in two different areas , shown in the picture as double arrows . the area with red arrow will show the phone number you are currently dialing as normally happens , but now the area with green arrow will show the autocomplete suggestions ( contact name and their phone number ) showing up to 3 contacts at the same time . start dialing a phone number and it will autocomplete both by contact name and by phone number as you touch each key . in the example it shows 3 suggestions : two by numbers 3-5-3 and one by letters corresponding to keys 3-5-3 ( e-l-e ) if you do not feel comfortable with dial pad autocomplete , you can turn off this feature whenever you want by going again to settings menu of the phone app .
as of version 4.3.10 , the google play store now has a " recently updated " section under " my apps " , which is ultimately what i wanted .
you can try apk edit . launch apk edit . exe and load the apk file you need to change icon the exe will display the app icon and name under general tab you can change the icon and load the apk back to the phone note : this process will cause problem on update of the app . when google play notifies the update , you can uninstall the app , install the app again and change the icon .
you could try clicking the bottom right " repeat " icon , i.e. , if you have not tried that already .
there is an app called sms timestamper that appends the received time to incoming text messages . worth mentioning for those not comfortable with fiddling with the os 's internals , or those unsure if it would work on their version of the firmware . i am on jpo so i did not want to chance it .
well i solved the problem . documenting the solution here for future references . using any sqlite manager ( i used firefox plugin- sqlite manager ) , export the database to xml format ( generally any db manager has options to export the database in csv , xls and xml formats ) . if your sqlite was generated by nokia pc-suite sync , you would get an xml like : then you can use the following php script to do the conversion to the generate the xml format script required by the sms backup and restore app . one point to be noted : you have to manually write the count attribute in the smses tag . just check the number of lines in your generated xml file and subtract 4 from it or just write the last echoed integer by the script now just send this to your android and restore using the sms backup and restore app . bingo ! you are done !
there is a big chapter on that in andrew hoog 's android forensics book on that ( see this amazon list for available copies ) . unfortunately , that book does not come for free ( but from elsevier ; so prices range from ~usd 20 for the kindle edition to ~usd 50 for the print , with some crazy offers for ~usd 170+ as well ) , but it explains a lot of background not only interesting for forensik specialists . a german version of this book now is available for eur 35 , published by franzis ( which can be found e.g. on its german amazon page as well as on the publishers site , see this link ) . while the link to androiduserland given in a comment on the question contains a very rudimentary list , a better ( though also incomplete ) documentation can be found at robotz.com. as said , this is far from being complete , but better for understanding . i remember having seen another documentation at android . com -- some hints can be found there e.g. in the storage options ( check " internal storage " and " external storage " here ) . but a complete documentation of the file system hierarchy is missing here as well . so again , the most complete documentation known to me is hoog 's forensics book . german speakers might also be interested in taking a look into the chapter dateisysteme und datenstrukturen of my book " die androiden-toolbox " , which ( in this community edition ) is freely available in html , mobipocket and pdf versions here on my ebook server ( if you prefer a printed copy with a few more details , the ( extended ) franzis edition das inoffizielle android-systemhandbuch will be available end of this month , i.e. starting around the 26.11.2012 ) . disclosure : as said , i am the author of the second book mentioned . and , not yet mentioned , the translator for the german version of andrew hoog 's book . but that does not mean i hold back other sources here , of course .
based on this forum post , i would say yes . it would not make sense for it to support external harddrives without supporting simpler usb keys . as for specs , google returns many results . endgadget has an overview , with a link to more details .
when you create a new event , you should be able to select which calendar to add the event to . if you select an exchange-based calendar , the event will be synced to the server . by default the events are created in the phone 's local calendar .
this is a problem i face with few contacts on my p500 too ! try merging contacts with their fb account or twitter account or just create a buffer account and join them . it works after that . not a great solution but been working that way now !
i just downloaded caldav-sync beta and it took some fooling around , but seems to be working now .
not going to happen . sorry . while msm8655 supports gsm - play verizon 's version of radio software makes no use of it . you can not reflash the radio software because the bootloader is locked . and even if you could - the gsm bands are not " phased " in your phone . " phasing " is a process of calibrating the phone during manufacturing - without it you would get no 3g , at best you could probably get very poor 2g performance if any at all .
so i flashed the twrp recovery instead of clockworkrom , and this was able to activate mass storage mode . the rest was history - copied the rom zip file and installed it as usual . sadly , my internal 32 gb storage was totally wiped out , so i have lost my titaniumbackup folder , a bunch of songs ( that i can copy again anyway ) and some photos .
the reason for the bluetooth icon being disabled is that you have not paired the phone with a device that supports the headset profile . bluetooth uses profiles to categorize which services a device supports , and macs do not support acting as a headset , only connecting to a headset ( see list of supported profiles ) . to use this functionality , you had need additional software which enables the mac to act as a headset and connect to a headset gateway ( which your phone most likely supports ) .
you can do either way . the safe method is to update and then root the phone . but you can also root and then install the ota update . but ota will fail if you have custom recovery modified any part of the system like removed bloat , xposed , etc still there is a post in xda to update ota with custom twrp recovery .
if you are running a stock rom , i suggest you root the phone ( the warranty 's way gone ) and upgrade it to cyanogenmod 4 ( android 1.6 ) or cyanogenmod 6 ( android 2.2 ) . battery life is very good on 4 ; 6 is more recent version of android -- however there are some additional hoops to jump through to get it installed . the first step in most dream rooting instructions is to downgrade it to a vulnerable version , so you will lose data stored on the phone . you might have luck with one of the " one-click root " programs but if you can not kill the " power options " dialog every few seconds , you may just need to flash it with the rc29 dreaimg . nbh .
root is only required if you are installing a system app within the confines of the android os . if you can flash your own rom , you can bypass any restrictions that the os has , because you are able to do anything you want with a custom bootloader before the os has a chance to load and restrict things . if you are creating a custom rom ( off-topic for this site ) , you can edit the rom on a desktop and flash it to the phone . you could simply flash a file using a custom recovery ( such as twrp or clockworkmod ) . if you are on a stock phone with a locked bootloader , you could always root your phone temporarily , remount system as read-write , add the application , then remove root . as far as updates go , as long as the application in the system directory is signed by your key , you should be able to update it ( root not required ) . you will need a way to get updates out , though . you could post in the google play store , use a 3rd party store ( such as amazon app store or f-droid ) , or have the user download the app and side-load it . if you also wrote the app in question , you could probably program a way to self-update as well ( also off-topic for this site ) .
without root you only have the control the app developers give you : if an app allows you to configure this behaviour , you can do so -- otherwise you can not . if your device were rooted , on the other hand , you'ld have several possibilities : use droidwall to define which apps may use 3g , which wifi , which both , and which none ( 1st pic below ) use lbe privacy guard to do the same , and more ( 2nd pic ) use autorun manager to disable certain listeners of apps , so they no longer get informed about network changes ( 3rd pic ; experienced users only ! ) this is just a selection , and thus the list is very incomplete . as you already wrote your device is not rooted , it does not make sense to put all those details here ; it is just to give you an idea what would be possible with root , not to elaborate all options ; )
if you do not want to root your phone or flash a custom rom , the only solution is boldbeast call recorder for android . just install the app and go . no need to root . no need to " set speaker on " during call recording . both sides sound in the recorded call are clear and loud . the developer said " optimized for galaxy phones " . take a look at what their users said ; they all said " great " .
different wallpapers drain the battery differently . it really depends on how many different factors the wallpaper is paying attention to . is it just being pretty or is it altering itself based on every movement of your phone ? the best way to find out is to simply test it yourself . spend one charge of your phone running a live wallpaper . when you get near the end of the battery charge , open up your phone 's settings . go to " about phone " -> " battery " -> " battery use " . this screen will show you all services that have used up more than 2% of your battery 's charge . your first reaction will probably be that it is taking up a lot when you see " display " draining the most but that is not taking into account wallpaper . the live wallpaper , if it has used more than 2% ( some do not ) , will show up as it is own service . they will pull more than a normal wallpaper ( that is a given ) but some will not effect it the battery charge nearly as much as say your widgets or the brightness of the display . turn down the brightness and you could probably offset the difference in battery charge of running a live wallpaper .
going by your description , you are referring to the object circled in this screenshot that thing indicates that the city the time is being shown for is currently running on daylight savings time . in this screenshot , we see that new york is observing daylight savings time , and phoenix is not .
re-installing the ' google play services ' updates solved the problem for me . simply go to Manage Apps &rarr ; Google Play Services and press Uninstall Updates . now if you start google hangouts again it will ask you to update google play services . if you do so , it will bring up google play where you can install the update . after this , google hangouts started without any problems on my tablet .
on my phone , i can not enter contact 's birthdays , but if i have previously entered their birthday on gmail then it does appear in their contacts entry on the phone , and i can edit it there . not that useful , as the birthday field is something you are likely to add to someone , and then its not very likely to ever change after that ! one workaround that i use if i am entering this on the phone is to add their birthday into the notes field , and then later on when i am at a pc i can go into gmail and put the birthday in properly . this is using the contacts app on a galaxy s using their stock froyo ( 2.2.1 ) .
since you do not have a dialer app in the tablet , ali kabiri 's answer can not be directly used . but there is a way to get into a mode where you can enter these " service codes " . see this blog post for images . open the contacts app exit the initial setup if it pops up go to menu -> settings long-press the blank space in the bottom of the screen , in the middle ( see images in link ) a button called " enter service code " should appear tap the button to get a " dialer " enter the code *#*#73556673#*#* demo mode should now be deactivated !
answering your questions : the beta is still running http://beta.swype.com/ the beta is currently closed
there is no mention of physical zoom on the htc dream specification page . ( to my knowledge no android camera has that . )
eventually i resorted to restoring my phone to factory settings , and now this works again .
by menu , i am assuming you are referring to the app drawer . i do not know if the stock samsung launcher gives you the ability to hide apps , but several 3rd party launchers offer that functionality . apex and nova both give you the ability to hide and create custom app groups in the drawer . there are free versions of both in the market with each offering a paid version with expanded functionality .
a backup never is a bad idea , so right after you get root access , you should : do a full nandroid backup ( which creates images of your partitions , so you always can revert to this state by simply restoring them ) use titanium backup to make a full backup of all your apps and their settings ( so you can re-install a selection when needed ) freezing does not remove anything , and it is fully revertible . i always recommend to first freeze a single app , then check for potential side-effects , and only remove it if there were none . titanium backup even offers to create a homescreen shortcut to freeze/unfreeze an app ( like a toggle : if frozen , the app gets unfrozen and vice-versa ) , which is nice for apps you rarely use but which always annoy you ( for me , this is google maps , which i need maybe 2-3 times a year but is running permanently in background -- so i freeze it when not needed , and simply unfreeze it when i need it ) . basically , freezing an app simply hides it away from all activities . i am not sure how that works technically , but i compare it with the " execution flag " of a unix/linux binary : if not set , the binary does not get executed . so no background services or any other activities from this app , though it is still installed . in short : freezing is the safe variant , as it easily can be undone . it also does not touch the apps data . removing an app is final : without a backup available , it is simply gone , including its data . additional ressources you might want to look up for this topic : unistall a system app without root ? how can i uninstall applications that are locked by phone vendor ? how to remove / disable the bloatware apps in the htc one x bye-bye , bloatware : disable system apps in android ice cream sandwich
no , you do not have to reload or delete anything . however do make sure you take a nandroid backup before you install one of those kernels . you can potentially get into a reboot-loop that can only be broken by flashing another ( lower mhz ) kernel or restoring to a previous nandroid backup . i went from stock kernel to now running the ultra low voltage 800mhz chevyno1 kernel . i could not get it go any faster with ultra low voltage without a reboot-loop . basically you will start with the lowest processor speed kernel at a certain voltage and work your way up . so try ulv 800mhz , if it runs stable at 800mhz , try the 1ghz , then the 1.1ghz , etc . if you are wanting to conserve battery , then try the ulv kernel . if you are wanting processor speed , the lv kernel should be just fine . your mileage will vary because no two droid processors are made exactly a like ( because these kernels are going outside of the processor 's design specifications ) .
i have not actually researched this answer , so take it with a grain of salt . basing it off of other development work i have done with mp3s in the past . i do not think there would be any reason that android would limit an application from reading the embedded lyrics ( or , rather lyrics from the id3 tag ) . because the tag supports this , really all you would need is a java library that you can bring into your android app that will read the lyrics . with that said , the lyrics tag tends to be a little more in the " advanced support " for many applications . everybody reads the title and artist tags . most people will even display the album art ( which is also part of the id3 ) . i have not researched any recent libraries , but if you are curious about the id3 tag in general , read this id3 easy article . so , the short answer is : no , nothing is stopping anybody from supporting it other than library support . either a library does not exist , or nobody cares to utilize that feature within an android media player . hope that helps !
you can grab the latest . apk on a pc from mozilla 's ftp server and sideload it , as noted on mozilla 's wiki . if you are unsure of how to sideload an app , you can find a variety of methods in how can i install an app given only its apk file ? ( some require internet connectivity , many do not ) .
from command prompt you can enter the following command adb kill-server  and then try ejecting .
you should be able to go to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications , find the launcher , and clear data for it . hopefully that will restore it to default .
unfortunately currently there is no way to make a pure voip outbound call via google voice on android . previously , you could initiate a free call from gmail on your pc , then press the * key on the keypad which would transfer the call to all other numbers connected to your gv account , and then you had pick up the " call " on your cell phone and continue the conversation on your mobile which was still voip . once google wised up to this feature being used too widely , they changed this functionality to only allow this transfer for incoming calls only .
it appears that i can solve the problem by jacking in the headphone , turning off the phone , turning on the phone again , and jacking out/in the headphone a few times slowly . and yes , it is a hardware problem solved by a hardware solution .
some file systems are pretty robust , if you used ext3/4 and yaffs2 , the chance of getting caught in situation where the filesystem cannot recover is scarcer than winning a lottery . these file system utilizes logging to revert inconsistencies ; at every startup , android will check the filesystem 's log , if the log is not empty that means the file system is not unmounted cleanly and it will automatically perform a quick recovery ( you usually will not notice anything , just a 3-5 seconds longer startup ) . there is small chance that the last data that have not been " committed " may be lost , but it is -- for all practical purpose -- impossible to lose the whole file system . unfortunately , some filesystems commonly used in certain android devices are not so robust , many manufacturers partition their sd cards as fat , and with fat every time your device crashes , you are playing a game of russian roulette . samsung phones had a proprietary variant of fat , which they called rfs ( robust file system ) , they claim rfs is compatible with fat but is robust in the event of crash ; so far , i had not observed any data corruption on my samsung phone , though it is still better to be wary since samsung is bad at writing software .
since your phone is rooted you can use wanam xposed note that the framework itself does not add any functionality , but once installed you can download ( via the framework itself ) modules that have custom functionality . wanam xposed module has many tweaks for stock samsung touchwiz roms , gravitybox has many for morer ' stock ' type roms . you can change the sms limit through either , in the default sms application . please read the xda thread on this module as it has a lot of detail , and clarifications . xda thread
you can hae a look at airdroid for desktop sms . it works as a kind of web server on your phone , which means you have to access it from a secure web page ( downside : works only inside the same wifi network ) . but next to smses you can do a lot more with it , but i recommend you have a look at it yourself .
yes , there is . the first one coming to mind ( forgive me , it looks like this is one of my standard answers here meanwhile ) is tasker , the most complete automation tool for android . it lets you define actions based on events ; so for your case , you could let the event hardware -> camera button pressed trigger the action " display off " . you want to turn it on again the same way -- so simply make it two " profiles " , and combine two events : " camera button pressed " and " state -> display : on " ( with the " task " to turn the display off ) , and with " display : off " the other way round . remark : there is a 7 day trial version available on the developers website , so you do not need to buy tasker straight away without being able to test it . as soon as you have got everything configured , export your configuration . so if after those 7 days you still cannot decide whether to buy , simply uninstall tasker , install it again , and import your configuration . before you hit me : that is what the developer himself wrote , so nothing illegal .
from the homescreen hit the menu button and select Settings . then select Applications , and then Manage applications . find the app you want to uninstall and select it , then clear the data associated with it by tapping Clear data and then tap Uninstall . voila ! edit : i actually just noticed this in amazon 's official help documentation for their appstore ( from june 14th , 2011 ) : . . . amazon tested to ensure the highest quality apps in our catalog , we take all submissions through a series of tests . in this process we screen the apps for known viruses and malware , test the app to check that it actually does what it claims to do , and test whether the app affects the stability of the other functions of your phone . these tests include ( but are not limited to ) : installation : the application installs and opens , upgrades can be installed and the application can be uninstalled by following the phone 's regular uninstall method . . . . ( italics added by me . ) clearly they intentionally left out an amazon appstore-native method of removing apps you have downloaded and installed from them .
depends entirely on how many contacts you have , how often they change , how often you set it to sync , etc . paying for data as you go is generally a bad idea with an android phone , they use a lot . you should be able to shut off 3g though ( probably dependent on the phone ) and just use wifi . although , it might be more difficult to prevent it from using 2g data . some phones let you use wifi while the phone is in airplane mode , which would shut off both 3g and 2g . android has the ability to store wifi credentials and connect automatically .
if you are able to connect an external bluetooth dongle to the android device , it ought to work for you , even with an intrnal bluetooth present . android devices with os v3.1 and above shall support usb host capabilities . so , it is advisable to experiment with devices with the above operating systems . however , it will be on your end to make the dongle work for you ; i.e. by creating a separate application for the same .
i guess these issues are solved as i have never encountered such on my desire hd .
if you turn on the " auto backup " feature of google+ , your photos will automatically be uploaded and will only be viewable by you ( until you share them , of course ) . if you want to do it manually , simply share with g+ and choose yourself as the only person you share with . i like to keep a circle around with no one in it that i can share things to and so i am the only one who can see them ( kind of a " read it later " thing ) . you might prefer to do that , since it is quicker to choose a circle to share to than a person .
i have found meridian player transcend and it is what i needed . i can play all the mp3 files from a folder ( all songs in an album )
"100%" is not as straightforward a concept as you might think on android . have a read of this : http://phandroid.com/2010/12/25/your-smartphones-battery-gauge-is-lying-to-you-and-its-not-such-a-bad-thing/
since google voice just comes in as a normal carrier call , there is no simple way to separate those calls . it does not pass any identifying information that the phone could use to identify it is a google voice call versus a carrier call . you can , however , change your google voice settings ( on the website , not the app ) so that it always shows your google voice number as the caller id on incoming calls . this means you could just whitelist your google voice number and block everything else . then you will receive only gv calls , but you will lose the ability to see who is calling since all calls coming to gv will just display as your gv number . you could then use the call screening features of gv to identify unknown callers . it really is not an elegant solution and the loss of caller id is a big inconvenience , but if you absolutely have to do this , it is about your only option .
set yor language by clicking on ' einstellungen ' or navigate directly to the english localized version : http://www.google.com/preferences?hl=en to set it there ( you can switch the ' hl=en ' for english to hl=hu for hungarian or any other you want in the link ) . setting your start page is not what you want : this will not affect searches from the widget or from the omnibox ( the auto completion , aka instant search ) . edit : seems like the keyboard language sets the default . . . switched from en to german and back .
make sure you downloaded the google apis corresponding to your api level in the sdk manager and that you set your avd 's target on google apis . this version of the api is needed for the calendarprovider ( for sync functions with google i imagine ) .
from the email app , press the menu key , then choose settings . pick account settings , then click the account you want to change on the next screen . after that , you have to scroll to the bottom to get more settings , and to the bottom again to change the incoming settings and outgoing settings . samsung appears to have taken lessons from microsoft on hiding important settings behind " advanced " buttons !
you can that following these steps : select the image ( s ) you want to upload click on " copy " , it is in the lower bar , at left in another tab , open the folder where you want to upload your image ( s ) click on the clipoard icon at left click on " paste all "
there is a modified version of the play store that removes device restrictions . see this xda thread for more info and the download link to your version of android . it also disables self-updating of the play store so your modified version wont be replaced by a newer official one . cheers
the droid 2 does not have fastboot mode ; its bootloader is locked . fastboot mode is really just the bootloader mode in other phones , like nexus phones . out of curiosity , where exactly did you hear that the d2 had a fastboot mode , and why do you want to access it ?
according to the gingerbread user guide , under settings -> wireless and networks , you should have an nfc option that you can remove the tick from to turn this on or off .
i do not know if archos have modified the music player at all , but on most android devices and players , the most reliable way to ensure that all your music shows its album art in the player is to embed the album art directly in the mp3 file , rather than relying on a " folder.jpg " or a " albumart.jpg " being in the folder . as far as i know most music selling websites embed the album art directly in the file , and a lot of popular cd ripping software does too these days , so it is probably only your older files , or ones you have got from elsewhere that do not have the art embedded in the file . i use a windows program called mp3tag to embed the album art directly into the file amongst other things , but there is lots of other software that will do this , see these answers on our superuser sister site for some suggestions : what is the easiest way to update album art ? , or bulk fix album artwork in itunes library for display
the only tethering methods currently supported on blackberry services are via usb and bluetooth , and even then the only supported method relies on the blackberry desktop software . they do not currently support any wifi tethering or wifi hotspot functionality . i am not aware of any third party software for wifi tethering either , unfortunately . now if you had a froyo android phone you had have no problem :- )
yes , google is in charge of the android market .
you could create a tasker profile that sets the ringer volume when a bluetooth headset is connected . i am not sure how to handle the case when you disconnect the headset , though . you would only want to set the volume back to zero if it was zero when it was connected . edit : tasker gives access to current ringer volume via variable %volr in a profile with condition bluetooth connected : set a variable %savevol to %volr set ringer volume to desired level , if %volr = 0 exit task : set ringer volume to 0 , if % savevol = 0
i have followed this guide and my phone is now unlocked . i would not recommend it for a beginner user , because it involves pretty advanced commands and procedures , and uses roms and tools from untrusted sources . proceed at your own risk ! the performed steps were basically : create a complete nandroid backup on the sd card . google for a stock rom for the specific phone model i owned , and the specific carrier that it is locked to . i found one on a random forum . this is not recommended for obvious security reasons , but i was desperate . if your carrier provides an official stock rom , i definitely recommend you prefer using it . googled for the adb drivers for my phone model . in this case , the motorola drivers worked fine . connected the phone to my computer and flashed the stock rom . in my case , this actually downgraded my phone from android 4.0.4 to 2.3.3 and unrooted it . performed the unlock procedure using the unlock code i had . rooted my phone again , and installed a new recovery menu applied the nandroid backup from the recovery menu . result : phone is back as it was before , but unlocked .
you can indeed . disclaimer : rooting may brick your device and invalidate your carrier and manufacturer warranty . i did not write the guide below ( full credit is due to the poster on xda developers , and i have left the words ' my ' in place but it is his work ) , and it is your responsibility to check you are happy to proceed . here be dragons . this guide was written in july of 2013 and i can not say for sure if it will work on android 4.3 and your particular bootloader at all . i have not tested this method . rooting form a pc is easier and has less scope for human errors and is liklier to work in general . this xda thread is relating to the sprint version but should apply to the s3 general . prerequisites the following files are attached to this post for convenience . download and install the apps , download and extract the zip file somewhere convenient . superuser by koush ( must be this one . you can change it later if you so desire . ) terminal emulator by jack palevich ( must be this one ) zip file , extracted somewhere convenient the goods these generic names will be used : /path/to/motochopperdir - this is the full path to the extracted motochopper-mobile directory or folder . example : /sdcard/motochopper-mobile ( will vary depending on where you extracted the files ) . note : after running the script , motochopper may or may not print " failed " , but the exploit does indeed work regardless of this . make sure you reboot for changes to take effect . download the attached zip file and both apps . install terminal emulator and superuser ( use a file manager , navigate to the downloaded . apk files and click on each file to install them ) . open up terminal emulator and type the following commands . press the enter key after each command . code : from there , my setup . sh script will handle the rest of the process . if you are still unsure , see my sample run below . sample run ( files were extracted to /sdcard/moto ) the links : android term . apk super user motochopper
i just did this , and it works . go into Settings &gt; Applications &gt; Manage applications &gt; All &gt; Market then clear data , and cache . i had to reboot the phone after . but once it reboots , go into the market , and the music section should be there .
easiest way . check your packaging . look for model describtion on the back of the other label . either z520 or z560 , the z520 is s4 , 560 is s3 . from wikipedia : processor and memory one version of the one s uses a qualcomm snapdragon s4 . . . in certain markets the one s uses the older snapdragon s3 . . . the two versions have slightly different packaging , the s4 is model z520e/z520m and states " processor : dual core , 1.5ghz"/"cpu speed 1.5 ghz , dual core , whereas the s3 is model z560e and states " processor : dual core " .
some phones just can not support call recording because of how the hardware is designed . if you have tried several apps , and none of them work correctly , that is probably the case here .
if you are not sure if you need root , you do not need root . there are any number of alternative launchers you can install that will give your device a custom look-and-feel and add/adjust functionality from vanilla android . heck , there are launchers that can simulate the look-and-feel of iphone and windows phone . have a look on the play store for " launchers " or " home screen replacements " .
you will need an app like tasker than can assign actions with activity launches . action com.google.android.finsky.VIEW_MY_DOWNLOADS package com.android.vending class com.google.android.finsky.activities.MainActivity you can use qcustomshortcut to create this shortcut ! i tried several different shortcut creators with no luck , but this one actually works . use the above information and you will be set !
just rename the folders with dot in front . eg : newfolder to .newfolder and restart the phone .
i have been using the app thinking space . certainly not as efficient but good if i want to map a quick idea out .
adb sideload command just loads a zip file from the computer to the phone . the creator of the zip controls what it does ( the recovery just uploads it from the computer and looks at a specific file ) . you can do a lot with it , but it is not a full rom , it is cannot replace a rom . here is an example of an update . zip i once wrote and sideloaded it to a phone : mount("yaffs2", "MTD", "userdata", "/data"); delete("/data/system/gesture.key"); delete("/data/system/password.key"); ui_print("Done!"); it deletes a couple of files , and prints a successful result . 2 . the command fastboot flash all can replace an entire rom , because it does a bunch of operations like format a partition and install a new rom . but you can flash other files that do not do those things ( but often this command do exactly that . ) 3 . you can do a lot of things in the adb command line , like delete a partition a flash or just copy something else to it . what exactly do you want to do ? on which partition ? hope this is helpful , and check out the android developers page on adb ( http://developer.android.com/tools/help/adb.html ) .
there is a checkable/uncheckable option called block offensive words under settings → voice input and output → voice recognizer settings . for samsung phones , the settings are named slightly differently : from the settings app , try language and input → voice search settings → block offensive words . this of course only works with the integrated google voice recognition . for android 4.3 ( and possibly earlier versions ) : settings → language and input → google voice typing ( settings ) → block offensive words
i finally figured out how to fix this . what i did i did a double factory reset : nothing happened . downgraded to android 4.2.2: nothing happened . downgraded to android 4.1.2: nothing happened . upgraded to android 4.3: nothing happened . factory reset : gallery appeared ! upgraded to android 4.4.2: gallery did not disappear !
do you use any custom kernel or do you have stock factory default ? if you do not have stock then there is no recovery . if you have a custom kernel , you should press the vol down button when you see the kernel logo . that is because custom kernels have cwm recovery integrated , because xperia 2011 phones do not have a the recovery partition . for solution to your problem , you should use seus , that is the only way to fix a bootloop with stock kernel . you can download it from here : http://www.sonymobile.com/global-en/tools/update-service/ the software is self-explanatory and will guide you how to enter into flash mode . here 's a tutorial on how to use seus : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_ocgb6asqq
swipe from left edge to right do not fix the problem but make the menu accesible , and do not require to root the phone . from http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=55005591postcount=2 swype from left edge to right or use xposed module " x3 jelly bean play store fix " if you have rooted your device
a fix i have found and that works is to mount the sd card on a pc , open the * . android_secure* folder and delete a file named smdl2tmp1 . asec . it seems that it is a leftover file from a previous ( failed ? ) installation/update that prevents another update to run correctly .
boat browser has a floating tab feature that can minimize to the notification bar ( pulldown menu ) . you can also resize this window . it is the closest i can recommend . boat browser ( click for larger image )
android handles battery calibration . your battery life will be better if you keep it between 20% and 80% charged , and only charge it while it is off . this is true for all lithium ion batteries . it may not be realistic to adhere to that 100% , i sure do not . you do not need to charge it overnight .
not really , no . it is generally up to each individual app to control how often it checks for updates and raises notifications . not all apps allow you to control that ( except , of course , for turning off notifications for that app altogether . )
you can back up your sd card to a pc by mounting it from the pc or over the network with a number of different syncing tools . this will not backup each application 's state unless they specifically have exported configuration to the sd card . this will include all your pictures . you cannot back up application state ( to a pc ) without root . see the other " possible duplicates " and " related " questions for how and why this is . there is supposedly a backup api built into android ( developer guide ) but i have yet to see that actually be used , or see any reports by others of it working .
it is not enough to make the developer options page appear in the settings menu ( by repeatedly tapping the build number ) . on that page , there is an option usb debugging , which defaults to off . when usb debugging is enabled , connecting your device to a pc using usb makes the " usb debugging connected " notification appear , regardless of whether adb is currently running on the pc .
another fool-proof method ( no need to worry about having a specific backup app ) is to grab the game 's data directly . the data for all user-installed apps can be found in /data/data/*package name* . this will be all settings , saves , and anything else . just browse into there and copy the relevant directories to somewhere safe and put them back when you are done flashing and have reinstalled the app and run it at least once . yet another way , which will work without root , is you do the same as above , but using adb . turn on usb debugging , connect up to your computer , and run adb pull /data/data/*package name* C:\where\you\want\the\files . then once you are done with your rom flashing and have reinstalled the apps , do adb push C:\where\you\put\the\files /data/data/*package name* , or if you now have root with your custom rom , just copy the directories you pulled to the sd card and put them back in /data/data on the device .
how to find out what is going on as this problem can have many causes , it is important to first figure out the real culprit . without knowing that , attempted solutions are nothing but guesswork , and the process nothing but try-and-err . so here are a few steps : is it a hardware error on the card ? put the card in a different device . it the same problems occur there , we can rule out your problem is with the device , and it is rather the card . is the card corrupted ? you can put the card in a card reader , attach it to your computer , and have it checked there . with a terminal app , you could try the same from within your device , using the /sbin/fsck.vfat tool – but on your computer , graphical tools might assist you . check the android logs for related errors : our logging tag-wiki gives you some hints on how to do this . especially useful might be our question on how can i view and examine the android log ? the third step lead directly to the cultprit ( s ) in your case : corrupted files . deleting those made the card usable again . so next , let 's check a few possible causes : what could be possible culprits ? the card could be physically corrupted . in this case , the same errors should occur on other devices , and as well on your computer when using a card reader . only solution for this is to replace the card with a new one , as a " physical repair " is not possible . there might be problems with the contacts . here a few things could be tried , like cleaning the contacts of the card . if the same problem occurs with any card you put in your device , it is rather the device itself – in which case you had have to send it in for service . logical corruption of the cards file-system : the file system can get corrupted . this e.g. happens when you disconnect the card without cleanly unmounting it first . while in such a case the same problems should show up in any device using the card , some might be " more tolerant " on errors than others . so it does not hurt to check the file-system for errors – see step 2 in " how to find out " for checking . if there are errors found , the same tools usually can solve them . re-formatting the card would be a last resort for this as well . corrupted files on the card : the card might be physically perfect , and have no issues in the file-system . but in some cases , corrupted files might led to problems as well – especially if occuring on " central files " android is always looking for on the card when it is mounted ( in the /Android subdirectory , or while scanning for media ) . if you can read the card using a card-reader on your pc , you can make a backup there and then format the card – copying the files back one-by-one until the error occurs again , and then skip those corrupted files . easier approach is the one you have taken on my recommendation in the comments : check androids logs ( see step 3 on " how to find out" ) , and simply delete the culprits ( again , via a card reader – as you cannot do so on the device itself , which does not correctly mount the card anymore ) . possible solutions have already be mentioned along the lines , together with the related causes : cleaning the contacts of the card checking the card for file-system errors and , if there are any , have them repaired formatting the card 1 checking the android logs for other hints ( e . g . corrupted files , which then should be removed ) 1: remark : switching to an alternative file-system type does not affect whether formatting helps , but rather might lead to additional issues – as not all file-system types are supported by android . which are , differs from device to device , and depends on the rom used : vfat is the default shipping with most cards , and hence always supported . extfs is mostly supported as android uses it internally ( but might not be automatically detected , as it is not expected here ) . other types such as ntfs or hfs are very unlikely to be supported
have you made sure that your " music volume " is actually turned up ? only then you will be able to hear the talk-back . to make sure it is , go to the stock music app , hit the " volume up " key on your phone a few times , then go back to google voice search and try again .
create a dummy apn and select that as default . with this , even if you enable data accidentally via toggles , it would still not connect . ps : added as an answer as suggested by op
summing up the solution from the comments and expanding : this process basically includes two steps : create a backup transfer it to the windows pc wirelessly a further pre-condition for the following is that the device is rooted , which is the case here . create the backup depending on what you need to backup , there are different good solutions available ( you can see the backup tag-wiki for more information ) : with a custom recovery such as clockworkmod , you can create a nandroid backup helium - app sync and backup can be used to create an adb style backup of all your apps including their settings titanium backup does backups of all your apps , data , settings , etc . , and has proven well over all the years all three options store their backups on the sdcard . so if your device features a microsd slot , you could even simply take out the card , and attach it to your pc using a card reader . this generally works without a cable , and such could also count as " wireless " : ) one thing you might need to care for manually are the media files , and other downloaded/manually created stuff . usually , this is stored on the sdcard as well – but that could be the internal one , so in case of the " card-reader option " you might need to copy stuff to the external card manually , which can be done with a good file manager such as es file explorer . transfer via wifi now for the wifi transfer . this can be done with the just mentioned es file explorer , which includes a " samba client " to access windows shares : just share a drive from your computer , and then copy all files over . this also can be done " the other way round " , pulling the files : with e.g. airdroid you can access your device from any web browser . airdroid includes a file manager , and lets you upload and download files . another more elegant variant , especially if you want to automate things , is to use a sync tool . here you might want to take a look at foldersync : as the name suggests , this app lets you synchronizes files and folders . like with es file explorer , you can use samba/cifs here to access a windows share . elegant permanent solution : set up scheduled backups with titanium backup , and set up a matching sync interval for tibu 's backup directory with foldersync . that way you always have an up-to-date backup off-board your device , in case of brick/loss/whatever .
i do not know what your app did , but i find it strange that it is no longer booting . i would suggest trying to get your device in to recovery mode . i have never done this on a non-rooted device so i am not 100% sure you can do a factory reset from the " stock recovery " . but i know you can do it on a rooted device . i found these steps , but again , i am not sure if this pertains to only rooted devices . turn your desire off , now hold the volume down and power button in to boot into hboot . now use the volume button to navigate to boot recovery and select it by pressing the trackpad button .
it is just an updated version of the music app ( new , fancy ui ) , supposedly ready for full google music cloud , for when it comes to the uk . i was unable to view the details in the market like yourself , but i could actually do the update . nexus s on 2.3.4 too . did you by any chance get an update notification for google books too ?
updating is sufficient . i think clear is for cases where you are offline and can not update .
yes . they are called wireless emergency alerts , part of the emergency alerts system . there was a thing in california earlier this year over the first use of the system giving utterly irreverent information ( sending the alert to people hundreds of miles from the event ) , presumably due to poor implementation .
i updated avatarrom with the 4.0.10 nightly update . that fixed the problem . the keyboard crashes are history .
shockingly , you can not block calls with xperia phones . unfortunately it is not possible to do this without installing any 3rd party software . i know that truecaller has this function if you want to use a 3rd party app . source : official sony forum you need to download 3rd party softwares that are mentioned earlier : truecaller calls blacklist
can you download another home launcher like launcherpro ( i highly recommend it ) and see if the widgets also do not work there ? it could be a problem with the launcher you are using ( adw or launcher2 ) . or you could re-flash cm6 with the other launcher than the one you chose . if these are the official twitter/facebook app widgets , then i doubt it is because of htc sense no longer being available . additionally it sounds like you are running a test build of cm6 , so it may be a bug . check out their forums to see if anyone else has your problem or to report the issue .
go to settings > developer options and change window animation and transition animation to 1x for the default or 0 for the speediest ui response
disabling the default action for an intent is easy enough to do on ics . from the launcher , press the menu button , and choose Manage apps . select the app that you chose as the default for the action . scroll down and touch Clear defaults .
i do not think it is possible to add a shortcut to the " add reminder " card at the moment . i have had a look through the activities as well and none of them appear to do what you want . there is a " set reminder " option in the menu within google now which may help ? click the three dots at the bottom right ( you might need to scroll down ) and you should see the " set reminder " option .
mostly likely the update over the air downloaded the wrong archive , which failed to automatically install . in addition to that i found on several forums that the phone had many broken stuff after such update . therefore i have decided to update it manually . i have downloaded the zip archive with latest official firmware , put it on my sdcard , rebooted the phone into recover console . it automatically found my zip archive and the phone was updated . everything works fine now . the complete instructions together with latest firmware can be found here ( russian language ) : http://www.youhtc.ru/forum/showthread.php?p=304305posted=1#post304305 i have translated them in short below : download the zip archive with ruu_saga_s_htc_europe_2.10.401.8_radio_20.4801.30 . 0822u_3822.10.08.04_m_release_225161_signed . exe from here rename the zip archive to pg88img . zip and put it in the root directory on sd card power off the phone press volume-down button and then power button . the recovery console will pop up . the phone will automatically find the zip file and check it . it will ask you to confirm the update . if you are ok with that , the phone will be updated .
xda has nothing except for some attempts at getting gingerbread on it . i would expect you are out of luck since honeycomb was not open-source , and porting was therefore very difficult . it is possible that someone will mod cm9 ( android 4.0 ) to run on it , so i would wait and see .
i had a problem with a secondary calendar which sounds similar . on edit the time zone changed . i went into the calendar and made sure all of them were set to my time zone . each calendar has changeable time zone on google calendars .
i am not 100% sure for all apps involved , but for most the " general rule of thumbs " applies : go to settings→apps select the " all " tab ( to also show pre-installed apps ) walk the apps one-by-one , open their entries , and select " clear cache " plus " delete data " especially exclude things like " google play services " , but include the " calendar provider " and " contacts provider " ( or similar named entries ) . it is a good idea to first make a backup ( just in case ) , and also to keep log of what you cleared . the former in case you hit one app too much , the latter in case you need to perform a factory-reset one day – as after that , sync would be automatically enabled by default , and you can only disable it after having finished the wizard and re-created your account – so all calendars , contacts , etc . would be back .
it is not possible to get it in english . you will always get the text as it is " locally " . it is also a known annoyance .
after checking this on a samsung galaxy s 3 , a nexus 7 , and a nexus 10 , with several different keyboard apps , i could not see a similar issue , so i suspect this problem is specific to that model of phone . perhaps htc skimped on the touchscreen for this device , or did a poor job with the touchscreen integration . if that is it , there is probably nothing you can do but hope that a software update will fix the problem . alternatively , it could be a problem with that particular phone . try giving the touchscreen a wipe with a damp cloth . try to get access to another phone of the same model and check if it has the same problem : if it is only your phone , you should take it back to the shop and have them fix it .
a permanently unlocked boot loader ( bl ) on a nexus device is a big security risk . it is only recommended for a pure developer phone . an insecure bl enables all sorts of fastboot commands that can be used for e.g. doing the following : conduct a cold boot attack to recover the key for android 's full disk encryption make a copy of the device e.g. by booting a custom image ( adb boot boot . img ) , then copying partition dumps erase data using fastboot erase flash arbitrary android firmware , recovery images or radio firmware fastboot flash radio|recovery|boot| . . . install a root kit ( boot custom recovery , then modify system files ) steal google/facebook/whatever accounts stored on the phone etc . in case someone has their device encrypted , full access is not immediately possible . however there exists cracking software to brute force the used encryption pin/passphrase . altering the firmware is always possible ( i.e. . an evil maid attack , aka . installing a rootkit/password logger/etc . ) this is the normal process of modding a nexus device : unlock the bootloader ( fastboot oem unlock ) boot/install insecure/open custom recovery install custom firmware to secure your modded device you should do this afterwards : install a safe recovery image again ( custom recoveries like twrp/cwm are unsafe ) use the extracted recovery . img from google 's factory firmware file , available here relock the bootloader ( fastboot oem lock ) this breaks the usual update mechanisms like rommanager . in case you need to upgrade , you can run flash_image recovery recovery . img ( as root on the regular android os , it bypasses the bl lock ) to install a temporary custom recovery again and use this once to upgrade the firmware and then remove the custom recovery again by doing a flash_image recovery stock . img . i know , this is not very user friendly right now , but let 's hope the situation improves at the custom recovery front . some background on what is possible : http://hak5.org/episodes/hak5-1205 and http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=um2_cpuzq0o
this may be solved by clearing the cache and data of the dialler app . to do this , go to Settings › Apps › swipe to All › select the dialler application from the list › clear Cache and Data .
using titanium backup , freeze the SNS x.x.x app with a facebook icon . you can also disable this through the phone 's Settings &gt; More &gt; Application manager . sources : xda androidcentral
in the end , it turned out it was working for the original usb cable , while the generic usb cable did not allow data connection , only charging . for the original cable , the problem disappeared on its own , and i do not know what caused it , or what caused it to disappear .
that very much depends on the update . the manufacturer/vendor might have made only " bug fixes " with this update -- but he might as well have decided to replace the entire system . in neither case you end up with an " empty shell " ( i wish that would be the case ! ) , as manufacturers/vendors are rather known to add stuff nobody really wants ( see : bloatware ) rather than to remove apps that ship with android by default -- but it might very well be that some apps got replaced or will simply be removed . what surely will be gone , according to the description you gave , are all your data and the apps you have installed yourself , as obviously the update implies a factory-reset . if your device is already running android 4.0 or higher , you might wish to take a look at full backup of non-rooted devices for how to make a good backup . at least apps+data should be restorable to a newer version of android then ; for other things ( sms , call logs , etc . ) you might rather prefer some dedicated tool -- or rely on your google-cloud-synced data and pray they will restore automatically ( if they start to , do not interrupt them : you cannot re-start the restore , which is one thing making it so unreliable ) . see also the backup tag and especially its tag-wiki for details on available backup methods plus hints for recommended readings on this topic .
i will consider not possible to tell phoenixsuit resize android partitions . so i will give up .
you can add widgets to your home screen if your phone supports . you can also try widgets from play store like 2g-3g switch data on or off
youtube now has updated their player and to jump to small area , there is now a popup slider for us to pick the point .
given android phones just run as usb drive mode for syncing : just for music : doubletwist media monkey all media : winamp * will also sync outlook contacts , files etc . missing sync for android * *syncs over wi-fi
unless the lock screen is some kind of 3rd party app ( like go locker ) , then i believe you would have to modify the rom yourself , and port the lock screen over manually , into your ' new ' rom . - in which case you might be better off asking for advice over at xda , or another developer forum . if it is some kind of 3rd party app , chances are you can download and install it from the play store , or download the apk online from the developer 's website . edit : rereading your question it is occured to me you might actually be asking how to port over the lock screen ( ie : which files to modify in the rom ) - in which case , you should probably go to xda ( see above link ) and ask for advice .
got same problem . here 's a fix . go to the advanced settings by typing " about:config " in the url string , filter settings by " font " substring and change the values of font names corresponding to your codepage from " sans . . . " ( not mono ) to " roboto " . restart firefox
i solved ! i flashed a hacked chinese sbf . this sbf let me use z4root . apk to get root access . sorry about do not put the file name , that is because it does not have a meaningful name , it is just firmware . zip , i found it in xda-developers forum . be careful using the files above , you can easily brick you cell phone . the chinese hacked firmware is this : firmware part 1 and firmware part 2 . the application who enables rooting is this z4root . apk . *sorry , i do not know how much time the links will be available .
there is an article that discusses the semi-technical reasons/issues that have lead to the differences in smoothness of android and iphone devices . but after gathering some key points from the article one can conclude : from the very start , ios had been built around a multi-touch screen ( meaning ios had been built from the gound up to be very responsive as opposed to most other oss that adopted full screen multi-touch displays ) yes , it is not always hardware ( processing power ) dependent it is merely a result of ios operating system giving more priority to ui rendering , etc where as android distributes the processing power equaly ( this may be an advantage or drawback as with a faster ui everything from download speeds to loading content will slow down ) ui rendering occurs on the main thread of an app ui rendering has normal priority android is very popularly known to be highly customization and it is simply a matter of tweaking kernel parameters like ' lowmemkiller ' that can make ui : amazingly smooth -- easily as smooth as the iphone or wp7 phones it is not that android lacks the potential , but simply that developers prefer to spend resources elsewhere ( like on the bigger screens of some devices ) . then why does not android spend more resources on ui ? well , android is widely distributed among a wide variety of devices , and that is exactly why when it comes to android , only individual owners can overcome these ( there is no optimum setting android developers can set . . . every device that runs android has its own set of ' optimum settings ' and every user has his own perspective on what they should be ' optimum settings' ) . so the solution , balance the power . . . and no it is not something that has been ' overcome ' on newer android devices . but it depends on what you mean by overcome , as the lowmemkiller of rooted android devices can easily be tweaked ( but it comes as a cost to battery , etc . . . ) for more technicality , see dianne hackborn and andrew munn
i reconfigured the router to resolve the problem . the settings that work include : g rather than the other options being b and g/n . this looks like the setting for the suffix on 802.11 . wpa-personal aes of course other settings may also work and might be more secure but i did not try them .
there seems to be a range of apps that may do what you are trying to accomplish . here are a couple that look like they have potential . root call blocker pro call guard call blocker gold outgoing call blocker
if you mean that thingy in the notification bar that upon touching let 's you chose your desired mode -- that is still there with launcher pro as it has nothing to do with sense and launcher pro has nothing to do with your notification area ( unless of course you decide to disable it )
no worky . htc is not calling the correct ascii code for the " pipe " symbol . it seems there are two of them in existence . one is a straight vertical bar ( | ) ( supposed to be ascii #124 in base-10 and 7c in hex ) and one has a small gap in the center , it is also called the broken line or the broken bar and was used in the old ibm ebcdic character set . the confusion is that i have seen unix keyboards with the broken line representing the pipe symbol . however , the broken bar is not part of the ascii set and i have no clue what htc used for its ascii representation . on second thought they must be using an iso/iec 8859-1 representation : the vertical bar is 7c ( hex ) and the broken bar is a6 ( hex ) . there you have it . all i can say is that my invisible wireless network has | in it and as long as i hide it , i can not link to it with my incredible . making it visible and joining and then making it invisible again does not work as a trick . annoying !
as far as i know , it breaks down into this : other : this is ram that is unavailable right now because it is in use by services that are actually running ( it might be ones that can not be killed , in fact ) . using your example , there is 78 mb of ram in use by 4 processes , hence "78 in 4" . avail : the first number here is the amount of ram that is completely free and not allocated to any process ( the 109 mb in your example ) . the second number is allocated but the process is in a state where it can be deallocated . thus , "58 mb in 8" means there are 8 processes that are currently holding 58 mb of memory , but they are paused/frozen in the background and that 58 mb can be reclaimed by the os if an active process needs it . edit : as jake pointed out in the comment below , you can find a description in this entry on the android developers blog ( scroll all the way to the bottom ) .
assuming you have previously installed appbrain and synced your device , you can do the following : from google play market download and install appbrain and fast web installer apps . open the fast web installer and sign in with your google account ( same one you are using on play store ) . open the appbrain app , and sign in with your appbrain account . go to preferences , and then use the " enable fast web install " option . under menu go to " more lists . . . " option , select the previously synced list , tap the " add all apps " button , and tap the back button . tap the " execute " button , and after reviewing the permissions tap the " install " button . this should download and install apps in batch , without having to confirm each one separately . you can also create lists of apps via appbrain 's site , and these lists should show up in the app .
app updates notification can come from the app themselves , but most commonly they come from the play store . play store will notify you for any updates to system apps ( i.e. . apps that originally comes with the phone ) and apps that are installed through the play store ; it will not notify you about updates to side-loaded apps our apps installed by third party market . third party market may also have their own update notification mechanism ; which is completely unrelated to the play store update mechanism . they may or may not provide update to system apps , although most do not . amazon app market for example also provide updates notification . note that update notification on third party market depends on the app developer updating the app on the third party market , some developers might update their app on play but not on third party market or vice versa for various reasons .
ok , here 's a start at a list ( does not have to be definitive ) : the gotab gbt740r 7" android 4 ice cream sandwich tablet , costing just 100 pounds or less in uk ! this device has a full size usb female socket to support usb otg / usb host . a friend owns one , his usb memory sticks work in this - we can browse to the usb stick contents using astro file manager app on the tablet . @philip sheard 's ( yet unknown ) " cheapo tablet just £70" - see his answer ( care to enlighten us at to the make and model , philip ? may be it is the same as the one i mention ? or not ? ) update : acer iconia tab a200 ( includes full-size usb a connector , takes flash keys no problem ) . thanks @michael kohne for your answer . i will try to update as i find more . . . ( feel free to contribute )
just a guess , but worth trying : i did the same with locus maps . i created a kml , which imported fine , and could be used as layer there ( locus even supports kmz containing images and more , so you could use that for a " self-made travel guide" ) . the article using kml files on the same site suggests at least the kml part should work with osmand as well , so i considered placing this as answer ( instead of making it a comment ) . this article even explicitly mentions pois – which probably is the reason your linked article contained that few details : you may use any format containing your pois , if you are able to convert it to osm format . and all points inside the kml file are converted into osm points , assigning them some properties like tourism category and museum type . note the categories mentioned here match those on your linked article .
i had the same problem , but i saw the exact moment it happened , a message appeared saying " switching to full screen mode " . then i could not switch it off . i deleted all data in chrome , and the problem was fixed . there was no need to uninstall the app , just cleaned the data using the android built-in application manager . it seems some website included code that caused this , and the chrome for android simply does not have the settings to revert this . hope this helps .
i solved this by reinstalling the store update ( i.e. . switching it back to the basic market app and let it update again )
there are several approaches possible . some devices already ship with some kind of power management , which just needs to be enabled ( check in settings ) . apart from that , specific power management apps are available in the playstore . e.g. battery life saver can be configured to take actions on " battery low " , like switching off wifi , bt , and others ( not sure if a power-off is included here as well ) . big battery promises to allow a shutdown at battery-low in its donate version . and then there is always tasker to do things like shutting down the device at 20% , or shutting off wifi etc . at 30% , and so on . as a free alternative , automateit can do the same . but i am afraid in both cases , this will require a rooted device .
tasker can do that ( and a lot more things ) , as long as the app in question supports it ( a list of apps with tasker support can e.g. be found here − never mind the german , if you are just after the list ) . as you have described , it supports " shake gestures " , and if your device has a camera button , you could utilize that as well . " flip gestures " might also come in handy ( flip the device to face down , then face up , etc . ) i know it is a paid app . but to try it out , visit the app 's project site and get a 7-day trial ( remember to export all your configuration and profiles before " day 7" , then you can simply uninstall , re-install , and re-import your settings for another 7 days period − this hint comes from the dev himself , so it is nothing bad ; ) the app needs some time to get warm with it . but once you did , you do not want to miss it anymore : )
i installed the disk info app and in the options , i enabled expert mode and unmounted partitions . it does not say " swap " , but it shows clearly that it is the only other partition on the sd card and it is the right size , so /dev/block/mmcblk1p2 must be the one : swapper 2 is configured to use /dev/block/mmcblk0p3 by default , so i am glad i did not go with the default .
in Settings-&gt;Accounts and Sync-&gt;Your Google Account make sure google photos is selected this is in Settings-&gt;Google in 4 . x . edit : i just checked , and reinstalling the google+ all fixed this . uninstall the app , then install it again . you then need to go into the settings menu and enable instant upload .
have you tried using an alternative sms app ? handcent is very popular . it has always notified me of a new sms even with the message still open . edit : if you do not want to switch sms apps , you can also use sms popup .
ftp client lan samba client cloud storage connects over 3g 4g edge or wi-fi https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.estrongs.android.pop
well , to put this another way : for gingerbread , storage space weighs around 95mb , give or take , including google apps , source code 6.5gb , compilation taking up approx 14gb space . android 's storage space for ics , weighs around 160mb , give or take , including google apps , source code 9.5gb , compilation - takes up approx 20gb space . as to jb , have not yet built it , but source code is 12.5gb , compilation takes up around 25gb space , various official jb images hovers around 200mb mark . the above ball-park figures above , reflects from gb , ics and jb . as for the future versions of android , only time will tell how much more space will be taken up , it will increase , no doubt ! as for the final image build output , this would be dependent on handset , as rom developers/manufacturers love to add their own bits , hence the inclusion of the " give or take " in the above sentences , not to mention carrier bloat-ware so the mileage will vary .
yes , just copy the /system/etc/apns-conf.xml file . you can also use an app like apn backup and restore : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.riteshsahu.apnbackuprestore edit : to backup manually-entered apns ( or ones otherwise not part of your rom , such as ones " imported " when you insert a new sim card ) you also need to back up /data/data/com.android.settings/shared_prefs/com.android.settings_preferences.x\xadml  apn backup and restore does not do this .
if you did not explicitly configure your device to automatically use " open " and unprotected networks , it will only connect to those you explicitly tell it to -- so you need not worry about this . as for your "3g turning off " issue : that is very strange . something in your device still seems to think that , as soon as some wifi is near , you are going to use that . probably you can avoid this by turning wifi off . you need not do that manually everytime ( you might forget , and you might be annoyed when it is not on when you need it ) -- but rather let smart wifi manage this for you . this app remembers wifi networks you connected to . when you get disconnected , it will switch wifi off . as soon as it detects you get close to it ( it remembered the cell towers near , so this is it detects the area where you have been connected to some wifi ) , it switches wifi back on . it just could get weird with " mobile hotspots " , if you connect to another android device 's hotspot functionality in the middle of a desert , it would always turn wifi on at that place , even if nothing 's around . oh , well : no cell towers close ? so this will not happen : )
f-droid is an open source ( and free ) market of android apps . as far as i remember , they are ad free ( or there is at least an in app option to filter the apps ) .
if you do not depend on a data connection , there may be some solutions around : the google playstore has a lot of automation apps to offer , which you can use to set up more than this . in your case , this would be a time-based scenario : from 11pm to 7am , disable wifi and mobile data no data connection => no new mail => no new mail notifications . apps capable of things like that include e.g. timeriffic ( free , and one of the top-apps in this section ) , llama ( also capable of location-based and other rules ) , and -- my favorite -- tasker . though the latter is not the cheapest one , it is the most flexible , and you can get a 7-day-trial at their homepage . for examples what else you can achieve with tasker , you might also want to take a look at <a href="stackexchange-url what is cell standby and how can i keep it from eating my battery ? , and the examples at the mentioned homepage . also , a google search on tasker profiles will list you a lot of goodies . to accomplish your goal using tasker , simply create the following profile : context : time ( fill in your " from " and " to " to define the time frame ) task : net-> mobile data : set off net-> wifi : set off that is all . say you defined it as described above ( 11pm to 7am ) , tasker would switch off wifi and mobile data at 11pm , and return to the previous state at 7am . more solutions can probably be found here : is it possible to only silence certain notifications ?
other than being redundant and using more resources ( you would have two separate services running in the background all the time ) , you should not have any problems running both at the same time like any other application . i would see it as not much different than running locale and tasker at the same time . they might do very similar things , but they are not exactly the same .
i did an adb install -r [ apk ] thanks to the comment by @eldarerathis and i got an install_failed_container_error as the reason for installation failure . . . further searching got me to this link http://eatingbits.se/articles/2010/11/16/install_failed_container_error-when-installing-an-application-on-android/ the solution being a temp file inside . android_secure folder not getting removed . so once i deleted the file app installed properly . thanks everyone for helping out ! !
from your mentioning of titanium backup i assume your device is rooted . so my absolute recommendation here is autorun manager ( and yes , you will need the pro -- second yes , it is worth it ) . having that installed , open the app , use the " advanced mode " , look for the app you want to modify ( in your case : google maps ) . expand it . arm will show you all its listeners -- disable them . that is it . nothing is waking it up anymore unless you explicitly start it . but : before you start it , you may need to enable those listeners again , or you may experience strange side effects ( i did ) . on the other side , at least this does not require a reboot . for technical details , you might want to crosscheck with the question how can i manage intent associations with apps , or directly dive into the intents section of the aosp developer manuals .
make sure " usb debugging " option checked and your driver has been installed properly . you can try following step command : 1 . adb kill-server 2 . adb start-server 3 . adb devices hope this help .
you were assuming state → hardware → media button coming close to your wishes – but no : that event triggers when one of the media buttons is pressed , as the name suggests , not when a video/media is played . when looking for a fitting tasker trigger , the only thing coming close to it is checking the %MTRACK variable , but that only works for some audio players . to extend that , you can use some tasker addons as e.g. wave control or media utilities – but again , according to their descriptions they seem to work for audio only . i am not aware of any possibility to achieve this with tasker ; but feel free to check out my collection of tasker resources , maybe one of the many tutorials mentions anything i overlooked , or one of the addons got updated in this regard .
as you are rooted , you can use droidwall to control network access on a per app basis . from the market page : front-end application for the iptables linux firewall . allows you to restrict which apps can access the network . this is the perfect solution if you do not have an unlimited data plan , or just wants to see your battery lasting longer .
the built-in google voice commands can not ( at this time ) launch apps . however , a quick search on the market revealed a few possible alternatives . here are two : cyberon voice commander voice actions
this was originally going to be a comment , as i am not 100% sure of its accuracy , but here goes : at least with the stock gingerbread browser , every link that you click makes the browser broadcast an intent to see which apps respond saying that they can handle the link 's target themselves ( like when you follow a play store link and it asks you if you want to open it in the browser ( play.google.com ) or in the play store app ) . since no apps respond the browser essentially ignores it . when you ask to open it in a new tab , the browser already knows exactly what you wantit to do with the link , so instead of querying your apps , it simply opens the link in the new tab ( like opening a new tab and typing in the url ) . so that is why it works when you open in a new tab , but not when you simply click the link . as for a solution , you could try http server , airdroid or similar apps . once you setup the server , your target addresses should look something like http://127.0.0.1/whatever . since this has an http:// protocol the browser recognizes this . edit : to my understanding , you can also use other ( potentially free ) server apps , like airdroid . when it tells you your ip address is http://xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx:abcd , you use that when you are connecting from another device , like your computer . but when you are using the same phone that you are running the server on , just go to http://127.0.0.1:abcd in your android 's browser .
ok , i found out the reason for this problem is the band differences on the 3g : S5830: HSDPA 900 / 2100 S5830B: HSDPA 850 / 2100 S5830L: HSDPA 850 / 1900  and the incompatibility with the current firmware i had ( i updated to cyanogenmod 7.2.0 and still had the same issue ) , so for a quick fix , i went to : Settings &gt; Wireless &amp; networks &gt; Mobile networks &gt; Use only 2G networks  and that took care of the issue , however , for a full solution , flashing a latin ( like the brazilian one ) with a modem file like the kp7 or kpl should take care of the problem .
the error message in this case is misleading : it is not that greasemonkey is incompatible with that version number , rather that it is incompatible with firefox for android . the extension mechanism in firefox for android is somewhat different to firefox on desktops , so add-ons for desktop firefox will not work ( in general ) on android . to find out if/when android support is planned , or to help out , you could start by contacting the gresemonkey-users mailing list .
i googled the file name and found this post on xda : i am still having the storage is running out error from 3.8 . i found out it was caused by the signal lost issue because inside the log folder located in data folder , it will generate many dumpstate ril reset by . . . . . . . . xxx . . once my signal is lost . so , i am wondering what is the best worldwide modem for 3.8 or lates nightly that will not cause signal lost thus my phone will not generate the dumpstate ril reset error and indirectly generating many dumpstate ril reset . i am using dxlpa modem . looks like your phone might be affected by a bug in cm . i would switch rom and see if it goes away , if not , you could try an app like getril to find out what radio interface layer you are using , and if there is another you can use that might help you not lose connection over and over .
it is likely that the option does not exist on your stock phone launcher ( can not confirm that , i have a different phone ) , but if it does , it should have the keywords " looping " , " wrap around " , " circular scrolling " in the settings . i would recommend installing one of the following 3rd party launcher instead , which do not wrap around by default , and provide other useful functionality : go launcher ex adw . launcher launcherpro go launcher ex appears to be in active development though so you will probably have better support going with it . there are other launchers as well but these 3 are the ones i have used before .
of course a keyboard app can capture your passwords as you type them , along with everything else you type : naughty text messages , credit card numbers , web searches , everything . you could not have a mechanism to stop it , because in a sense , that is what it is for . it can only send this or any other information across the internet if it has the appropriate permission , " full network access . " almost all apps use this permission , though , and a keyboard might want it in order to download new language files , or to show ads if it uses that revenue model . swiftkey , for example , has a " cloud sync " service to let all your devices share the same training data . this can only work by transmitting words you have typed , and statistical data about text you type , across the internet to their servers . android warns you that this is the case every time you enable a third-party keyboard in the language and input settings . nexus devices show a dialog with the message : this input method may be able to collect all the text that you type , including personal data like passwords and credit card numbers . it comes from the app highway . use this input method ? but as i mention in another question , manufacturers can replace the message ( perhaps with one that is not entirely true ) or disable it completely .
first a few things on the symptoms : on unix/linux/android , " free ram " is considered a " wasted resource " . if ram is not occupied by running processes themselves , the system uses it to buffer and cache other things , like the file system . this should speed things up , as usually ram allows faster access . for more details , please check out ram tag-wiki . " task killers " are discussed controversely . while most ( if not all ) people agree they are fine to stop " rogue processes " , it is certainly not their job to " free up ram " or even " save battery " . in these terms , they are rather contra-productive , as most killed processes simply restart themselves ( which costs more battery than if they had kept running , and fills up the " freed ram " again as well ) . for details on this , closer information can be found in the answers on e.g. do i really need to install a task manager ? , do task killers actually work ? and is it advisable to run a task killer app on android . and finally , to the issue itself ( experiencing lags ) . as you describe it as a problem " growing with the time " ( i.e. . it was not there in the beginning , but slowly became more and more visible ) , you will probably find some help in the answers to my device is getting slow , apps start misbehaving/crashing . what can i do ?
the naming convention is derived from the java standards , and is comparable to an url , but in reverse . the key here is that it has to be unique , that is why it is so specific . in you example , com is the main category which is comparable to a top level domain , which can also be com . next is the company name king , which can be compared to a domain name , and finally candycrushsaga , which could be a subdomain . since the names have to be unique , this naming schema is quite usual , but can sometimes be divided even further by adding a subproject name to the end . for example king could separate games from other apps they have created by using the name com.king.games.candycrushsaga . according to java standards , the first component has to be a valid top level domain ( com , net , edu , gov , country-specific ) , but i remember also seeing package names that did not respect the standard .
the ssh server does not set all the necessary environment variables so it is easier to use a shell script . when successful : # rescan-media Broadcasting: Intent { act=android.intent.action.MEDIA_MOUNTED dat=file:///mnt/sdcard } Broadcast completed: result=0  this works on cyanogenmod 9.1 . depending on your system the environment may be slightly different . note : in later versions of cyanogenmod / android the sd card may be mounted at /storage/sdcard0 . make sure you know where your card is mounted or this will never work . diskinfo may help here . thanks to dan hulme for pushing me in the right direction . references : http://developer.android.com/reference/android/content/intent.html http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1752749 http://intwoplacesatonce.com/ http://kennystechtalk.blogspot.co.uk/2013/08/start-android-media-scanner-from.html
do you really want to do that ? that might lead to you no more being able to see your images in the gallery . but if you want to try : open a file manager of your choice and navigate to the DCIM folder delete the .thumbnails directory create a file named .thumbnails open the file 's properties , and set it " read only " now , as there cannot be two objects with the identical name , the gallery cannot re-create the folder . as the existing object is a file , it cannot put its thumbnails in there , either .
warning : i have not tested this procedure . you would need to have fstrim in system/bin . this xda post has a dropbox download link . start up adb and then switch users to root . $ adb shell from your os terminal . $ su to switch to the root user . to copy fstrim to your /system/bin path you first need to mount the system path as read/write from adb or some other file manager # mount -o remount,rw -t yaffs2 /dev/block/mtdblock3 /system to mount /system as r/w then copy fstrim to the system path . # cp &lt;pathtofstrim&gt;/fstrim /system/bin next you need to change permissions of fstrim to include execute . # chmod 766 /system/bin/fstrim to make fstrim executable by root after setting the correct permissions on fstrim you can run these commands from adb ( as root ) : # fstrim -v /data # fstrim -v /cache # fstrim -v /system or , you could go the easy way . install the lagfix app , and trigger fstrim on demand , provided your device has fstrim support !
this is nothing new . google docs supported character recognition in both images and pdf files . it is also available in the mobile clients regardless of the os version as this is a server side feature .
this has never been a feature of the stock launcher . perhaps you were using a phone on jellybean where the manufacturer had replaced the stock launcher with their own launcher , which had this feature . since android supports third-party launchers , just install a launcher ( home screen ) app which supports this feature . there are many to choose from .
i had similar problems and used llama , then expanded my use of it to cover other events . it is similar to tasker , and sufficient to my needs , while still a free app . most automation can be triggered by entering/leaving cell tower range that is recognized as " home " . it has options to turn on airplane mode automatically when the phone leaves a cell reception range , and take it out of airplane mode when it re-enters . btw - i am just an enthusiastic user - not the developer .
looking at this cyanogenmod source code ( which , according to the file history , does not actually have any cyanogenmod-specific changes ) , i see that the initial dot in proxy bypass list elements is just ignored , and an initial wildcard is implied — that is , you can write either example.com or .example.com in the list , and this entry will match example.com , a.example.com , a.b.example.com ,  … ( note that any number of subdomain levels can be matched , unlike , e.g. , with *.example.com in an ssl certificate ) . if your phone does not actually work this way ( e . g . , you add example.com to the proxy bypass list , but www.example.com still goes through the proxy ) , either this code was modified by the phone vendor , or a particular app is using its own implementation of bypass list matching instead of the system-provided code .
well , at last i found the answer keeping @t0mm13b as inspiration . the problem is on the messaging app and go sms app . so i had to find out a suitable app for my need . youni sms is one such and it is working so great . it is clearly marking as sim1 or sim2 for every sms received and sent .
yes you can . i have used swype as well as touchpal keyboard as alternatives . once you install any new keyboard , just go to settings > language and keyboard to set your keyboard/text settings .
if your radio station is an extremely obscure one , there is a high chance that it is available in tunein radio . tunein uses your internet connection ( wifi or 3g ) instead of the fm wave so it does not require fm antennae .
it turns out that the car charger i bought for my moto droid is unable to charge the galaxy nexus . it just does . . . nothing .
there are tons of alternatives . find a list of ftpservers in this german thread ( google translate version ) , others like webdav and samba can be found here ( again : google translate version ) . i would say you could give ftpserver a try , sounds promising . no root mentiones , highly rated . alternatively , you might want to try domobile ftp share ( very small : less than 30 kb ! ) or their new app eshare . meanwhile i even managed to locate swiftp again ( somebody continues the project , finally ! ) , which should be fast and lightweight .
there are apps that can backup your bookmarks , e.g. gmarks or titaniumbackup ( needs root ) . you could also sync the p500 bookmarks with google ( by default on ) and also set up sync for a regular desktop chrome browser ( very prominently accessible in the settings ) . you should be able to export your bookmarks then .
more of a status update than an answer : jelly bean 4.1.2 allows a landscape rotation on small screens . i previously had the same experience ( accidentally changed the rotation but could not reproduce it ) -- i received the system update yesterday and was pleasantly surprised after the reboot :- )
you could try emailing them to yourself or downloading them from somewhere ( dropbox public link or a web host of some sort ) . on most ( if not all ? ) devices you can just launch an . apk after it is been downloaded and it will open with the application installer . you had most likely also need to allow " unknown sources " for this to work , which should be found in the settings menu under Settings-&gt;Applications-&gt;Unknown sources .
to fix this issue , set titaniumbackup to use the legacy path . the easiest way to do this is to go into titaniumbackup , press " menu " and then " preferences " . " backup folder location " a bit down and click it . click " detect ! " and titaniumbackup will ask you where to scan for backup locations . it is very important that you here choose to scan your whole device and not just the sd card . after scanning is complete , you might as in my case see that titaniumbackup presents two paths that seem almost identical ( in fact they sort of are ) . choose the path that has the string /legacy/ in it , in my case it is /storage/emulated/legacy/TitaniumBackup — which should replace a path similar to /storage/emulated/0/TitaniumBackup . after titaniumbackup has been reconfigured to use the legacy path , restoring apps will work as normal . thanks to necropuppy for this solution .
for continuity across all android device sizes , from phones to tablets , the android team completely removed the old tablet layout from 4.4 going forward . it is no longer there so it is not something that can just be switched on . it would have to be built back into the rom , so you may ask your rom developer or look to see if a rom has already done this .
i have found it in the android api : http://developer.android.com/reference/android/view/view.html#setsystemuivisibility(int) a flag , system_ui_flag_low_profile , can be passed to indicate that certain ui elements be put into a low profile and offer less of a distraction to the user . if i had a nexus device ( really any device with soft buttons across the bottom ) then i would also notice those buttons being replaces by the same dim circle i am seeing in my navbar . this has been available since 4.0 and is intended for book readers , games , and other immersive applications .
most ads require internet access . if you remove the internet access , then it should not load the ads ( unless they are somehow cached ? ) . if he really , really , really wants to get rid of ads all together , you can install the adfree app on rooted phones . it will remove ads from the browser , from apps , etc . anything that is in its blacklist will refuse to load . however , developers do try to make a living and often provide their apps for free at the cost of a little advertising . you may also want to try and explain this to him and if he really likes the app he can support the developer further by purchasing the full ( ad free ) version . no money , no developers .
if your goal is solely to transfer your email , your best bet would be to create a dummy gmail account with imap and add it to tbird as a separate account ( so that it does not go to the general inbox ) . once you had that done , in tbird copy all the folders you want transferred to the dummy account and wait for it to sync with gmail 's imap server . finally , add the dummy gmail account to your choice of email client on your phone and wait for the imap sync to complete . if you want to continue to receive email on your phone from all these accounts , you can add them in as you like to the email client of your choice . personally i would recommend k9 for multiple email account management myself ; it has an unified inbox similar to tbird 's general inbox and is all around mucho handy .
do you have an app called gallery ? i have it in my list . i would say just drag that on your homescreen and you should be good to go .
i think the key is the little may be hidden in there ( different paragraph from the one you quoted ) . if you leave " scanning always available " on then basically the wi-fi will blip on and off every so often just to see what is around . . . this could be enough for a nearby wireless network to detect/track you . if you read the google plus post ( and bare in mind it is by the person who wants you to download his software ) it actually points out you can still turn your wi-fi off in latest android ( off in the sense you had expect - " one solution is shutting off wi-fi completely" ) . the paragraph you quoted is a bit of a dogs breakfast . . . the first part happens ( wi-fi networks will be able to see the mac address of any device polling them ) . the only reason the second part would happen is when your device knows about wireless networks with SSID broadcast turned off ( it used to be recommended to turn this off , but now the opposite is true for this reason ) - if it knows of such cloaked networks it'll poll each network it meets to see if it is one of the ones it knows ( simplified ) . there is also allegedly some " known network sharing " between your device and google for the purpose of backing up your network settings to the cloud , but this is not available/visible to the wi-fi network . so the benefits . . . disable wi-fi completely a strange feature since the author recognizes you can do this with stock , but you would not want to because you had loose the " scanning always available setting " . random mac address this could be useful , it certainly defeats a series of networks from tracking your device 's movement , but so does turning of wi-fi completely . mac addresses are supposed to be unique , and while it is a large namespace , one wonders with a randomizer if collisions will happen ( if two devices have the same mac address they will not work properly on wi-fi ) . if you visit places that have mac address filtering or identification ( for legitimate reasons - your home network , a business network , a company that provides free wi-fi for a period and tracks that you have accepted their terms ) you may find your device no longer works although there is mention of a setting that will restore your stock mac when wi-fi is on . war mode sounds like it just changes the mac address more frequently ( possibly during a wi-fi session ) but this is not without processing overhead .
please try this . to setup proxy address on avd : go to settings> wireless and networks> mobile networks> mobile networks settings> access point names add access point by clicking "+" button and then type favorite name for name , favorite name for apn , fixed proxy and port . if necessary put user name and password . to setup dns address on avd : run below command . emulator -avd &lt ; machine_name&gt ; -dns-server &lt ; dns_ip_address&gt ; fyi : https://developer.android.com/tools/devices/emulator.html#dns
this ended up being an extremely simple fix but took me a long time to do . open the hangouts app and go to settings select your google account scroll down and click ' sign out ' back in the main listing , click the sms dropdown click on your google account and that is it ! all my contact images showed up correctly and change when i change their photo via the contacts app .
you do not need to remove default google account or factory reset to ditch double notifications . use any one of following methods which suits you best : from Settings ~> Accounts &amp; Sync , choose the default google account and turn off gmail sync . after that , you will receive notifications from k-9 mail , only . in some android versions , if you turn off all sync options listed under a google account , a sign out button is appeared . all you need is to tap it . go ahead to try it . if you are rooted , delete /data/system/accounts.db file and restart the system ( on jelly bean , its /data/system/users/0/accounts.db and the location can vary with android versions ) . next time , you will be asked to add google account again .
i am surprised by what you are saying , so let me recap . yes , most networks send out their ssid ( it is called a beacon ) . if your wifi is enabled and you have not disabled scanning then your phone will listen for those beacons and try to match the ssid in the beacon against your phone 's list of ssid 's . depending on your settings it will also use the beacon to determine your current location and possibly even send the beacon 's mac address to google so google can keep its wifi location database up-to-date . so far this is all passive - it is just listening for beacons . the phone does not need to actively try to connect to networks unless some of the networks do not send out beacons ( hidden networks , as mentioned by @chahk ) . but even if you have some hidden networks in your list , i thought that android did not actively try to scan for those networks ( send out probe requests ) . actually , i remember people complaining about this , and 3rd party apps being written to address it , e.g. see " hiddenssid enabler " in the play store . has this changed ? can you tell me where you read about this ? if so , the only solution i can think of is to purge hidden networks from your list of known networks .
i think the only reliable source for roms is xda-developers . ask your question there . they have a special forum for the att s3 . http://forum.xda-developers.com/forumdisplay.php?f=1705 btw : that does not mean that you cannot trust this source !
the nexus 7 is probably one of the easiest android devices to root - and all you need is the android sdk ( and 2 downloads ) . step 1 install the adb and fastboot commands . on ubuntu these can be downloaded using apt: sudo apt-get install android-tools-adb android-tools-fastboot on windows you should download the android sdk , however you can just download this zip which contains the adb , fastboot and dependencies . step 2 on your nexus 7 , go to System Settings-&gt;Developer Options-&gt;Check USB Debugging ( you may need to slide the toogle switch in the action bar to on ) . if you do not see the usb debugging option , go to System Settings-&gt;About Tablet-&gt;Tap on 'Build Number' 7 times . connect your nexus to your computer . step 3 make sure the drivers have downloaded and installed if you are on windows - windows update should automatically find them . once connected , open up a terminal window ( windows : win+r , type cmd press enter . ubuntu : ctrl + alt + t ) and navigate to where you have unzipped the fastboot and adb programs ( no need to do this on linux - they are in the path ) . step 3.5 type adb backup -all -nosystem to backup your userdata to the backup.ab file . step 4 type adb reboot-bootloader and press enter . your nexus 7 will reboot into fastboot mode . step 5 when the device is in fastboot mode , type fastboot oem unlock and press enter . read the information on the device , and touch the Yes option . your bootloader will be unlocked . this will erase all userdata ! step 6 download the latest twrp recovery image from this page . save it in the same location as the fastboot binary . issue the fastboot flash recovery twrp.img command to flash this recovery image . step 7 almost done ! using the on-device fastboot controls , reboot into the recovery menu . select Advanced then ADB Sideload . download the latest supersu zip file and save it to the same location as adb and fastboot . do not unzip it step 8 issue the command adb sideload CWM-SuperSU-v0.99.zip , and then reboot the device . you are now rooted ! step 9 type adb restore &lt;backup file made in 3.5&gt; to restore backup .
touch the image and it will be viewed bigger . then hold the menu button . a menu will come up . go for Settings - Save Image to save the image and it will be saved to your photo album .
the people application itself is an htc exclusive , but merged contacts from multiple sources ( gmail , exchange , twitter , facebook , sim , carrier phonebook , etc ) is a standard android feature for 2 . x ( maybe earlier ) . by default the system tries to intelligently merge identically named contacts , but you can manually add/remove contacts from the merged identities .
the tasker app will let you do this ( and much much more ) once installed , add a " task " widget to your homescreen , and have it run a " send sms " action . this lets you specify the target of the sms , as well as the full body of the message .
the problem has been solved by updating " google search " after the 4.2 announcement . so it was definitely a bug : )
the following terminal command should enable bluetooth via adb shell or terminal emulator app : su am start -a android.bluetooth.adapter.action.REQUEST_ENABLE  on most versions of android , this command will present a pop-up window to the user asking to confirm request to enable bt . i believe this was done for security purposes whenever an app that is not system is toggling bt . i have not found a way to disable bt via a shell command unfortunately . with wifi it is a lot easier , and does not prompt user for permission : su svc wifi enable  will turn it on , and su svc wifi disable  will turn it off .
if you look at my previous answer to a similar question you can see that by google 's testing utilising wifi will use more battery than using gps . this seems broadly in line with the figures given in an answer mentioned in the comments . however as izzy mentions these are ballpark figures and actual consumption is dependant upon what exactly the phone is doing .
swiping apps out of the recent apps list is vanilla , and yes , not well documented . this has been the topic of a decent amount of discussion on various android forums . . . the consensus seems to be best described here in some comments : that the behavior is similar to but not exactly the same as closing an app -- in general ( for apps that do not define explicit back button handling ) it is the same thing as hitting back enough times from within an application that you exit out of it . the link has some more details on the specifics , but overall you can think of it as quitting the application . specific to the music app , i believe it starts a service , so while the task itself ( the music app/ui ) may be closed , the service continues to run in the background so that your music does not suddenly stop just because the task got cleared out for memory management reasons . that may have affected what you saw .
you can find special screen cleaning mixtures to use , but they are mostly just alcohol . i have been using a lens-cleaning spray on my phone for years with no adverse effects . just spray a bit on a piece of paper towel and wipe the screen down . you will want to use an alcohol based spray , as it evaporates much faster than water , and so will not short out your device .
i was hoping the " wimax " or " mobile data 2g/3g " net actions would be what you need , but after looking around it does not look like tasker supports 4g on/off switching . per tasker forum user pent regarding this issue ( on a different phone ) : if this is not currently a feature is there any way to implement it ? it is not and there is no ' official ' way to implement it . i was hoping there would be something in ics , but do not think there is after a quick scan . one day i will have to do some research , but i prefer working on features that will still work going forwards and benefit everyone . pent sorry for the bad news .
install smart app protector with its helper app ( for enhanced reliability ) . make sure to make it device administrator . then , lock Package Installer and Play Store using it ( lock down other market apps too ) . with one tap , the app can lock all apps which could uninstall it . the app facilitates this for its own security , but its solution of your question . and , i can bet . . . after that your kids can not uninstall an app without developer level expertise . update : after your comment , looks like your app launcher is capable of uninstalling apps directly like play store . so , lock your launcher too . from your screenshot , its samsung touchwhiz launcher having package name tw.launcher . lock this package with smart app protector . but , it would lock your app drawer too . if you do not want to lock your app drawer , best way is to switch your home launcher app and lock Package Installer , Play Store etc . done ! alternate launcher apps have more features as well as memory efficiency . so , its better in all other aspects . if you do not want to spend money , i would recommend you go launcher ex . if you can spend money for this , i would recommend you adw launcher ex .
yes you can safely delete the folder . for details and a permanent solution ( to stop regeneration of this folder ) check this
perhaps the reason why your old photos survive flashes is because there may be a secondary internal flash memory that is separate from both the memory used for the os ( root ) and the removable microsd slot . ( i know my phone is like this . ) not sure why they would still be there after a factory reset though . have you tried removing them using a file manager app like es file explorer , astro , etc ? another suggestion would be to verify that the photos are not owned by root . if they are you could try removing them using the android terminal emulatorandroid terminal emulator app with root privileges , or try connecting your phone to your computer and delete them using the android debug bridge .
that is two different things , at least the first depending on a ) android version , b ) manufacturer , and c ) sometimes even the device in question : before android 4.0 , /sdcard usually was were the external sdcard was to be found starting with android 4.0 ( or even 3 . x ? ) , this changed for most devices , and usually became the place of the so-called internal sdcard where the external sdcard is found with the latter group , differs a lot . locations known to me include : /sdcard_ext /sdcard/external_sd what really resides where , you can check with commands like mount or df . while mount will list all mounted file systems ( including the " virtual " ones like e.g. /proc and /sys ) , together with details on where they were mounted from and what options have been used , this might be a bit confusing ( at least to beginners ) . so you might rather want to use df , which sticks to the " real file-systems": it does not show where they are mounted from , but instead shows their total/used/free space , which might be even more useful to figure out what matches best . as for /data: yes , this usually resides on internal storage -- but might also depend on implementation . with android 4 . x , " internal storage " and " internal sdcard " are often " unified " ( i.e. . the " internal sdcard " often is nothing but a directory on internal storage ) . this was done a.o. to get rid of the problem of a filled-up internal storage ( it can " expand " into the internal sd area now ) , or a full internal sdcard and plenty of space on internal storage ( can " expand " the other way around , too -- as it is all the same " drive" ) .
image shrink lite is just right for me ; there is a paid version with more options .
i would assume this is due to the cell radio firmware , not android . but i am not sure . in many cases you can flash older modem firmware using odin or clockworkmod , so you could test and see if the froyo firmware affects this under gingerbread . there should be a thread in the galaxy s forum on xda with the modems , i will update this if i remember to look for it later .
ultrachron stopwatch lite . it does not time stamp each lap but does the start time .
never heard it was , and i am pretty sure if it were i had heard . ( originally " ximian evolution " , by the way ; ) neither have i heard of something comparable . mail , calendar , todo etc . are available as separate apps , sometimes also in combinations , but then mostly only combinations of calendar + todo , not with mail . closest coming is probably pocket informant ( usd 10 ) , joining calendar , tasks , and contacts : pocket informant 3 ( source : google play ; click image for larger variant ) i personally favour a combination of business calendar ( bought the pro ) , business tasks ( integrates neatly into their calendar app ) , and k-9 mail instead on my android devices ( and yes , on my computer i use evolution ) .
yes , the reason you can not downgrade official roms is not a technical one ; it is just a decision samsung have taken . there is no reason at all why you can not go backwards and forwards between versions of cyanogenmod as long as you have the appropriate recovery . and cm10.1.3 and cm10.2 are currently much more stable than cm11 on the i9300 . consult the cyanogenmod site ( http://www.cyanogenmod.org/ ) or xda-developers ( http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2382573 ) for full details before actually flashing a new recovery . ( personally i am staying with cm10.1.3 ( http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2035141 ) as i found the camera unstable on cm10.2 )
seeing that you have 2.2 , the easiest solution would be to go to settings -> wireless and networks -> tethering and portable hotspots . there you have an option to enable usb tethering ( exactly what you asked for ) or , even better try out portable wi-fi hotspot . that way you will be able to connect to the internet without connecting the phone via usb , and connect multiple devices if you want .
the only way i have found to do this is to edit the xml file that stores the name directly . it should be at /data/data/org.adwfreak.launcher/shared_prefs/APP_CATALOG_Index.xml: edit the value within the GrpName# tag that corresponds to the group you want to rename and then restart adw launcher . afaik there is no way to do it in the adw ui itself ( aside from deleting and recreating it , but that is inconvenient , too ) .
solved it by clicking reset app preference from the action bar in settings
i had the same problem when i originally rooted on my droid with stock rom . eventually a newer version of froyo came out and i had to upgrade ( and lose root ) or switch to a custom rom . i ended up switching to cyanogenmod . no more nagging update messages and i kept root . you might want to consider rooting your phone and switching to a custom rom for the incredible .
try twonky . instantly stream media from your phone to devices on your home network ! it can stream not only to you pc but to other dlna capable device and not only music but photo and other stuff .
in short , you can not . only the application can interact with itself internally , unless an api was created for that end . external applications are not able to know what to do in order to follow your desired " path " . the best you could achieve is opening the application , but you still needed to manually tap the buttons . my recommendation : i believe you are trying to have some sort of " sync now " functionality without having to open the application and clicking some buttons to achieve that . either case , email the developer and request such widget , i am sure it is useful enough and interest will arise .
tested on mac osx snow leopard and mountain lion : with your device unplugged go to settings-> developer options disable usb debugging ; go to settings , in wireless and network section , go to " more"-> usb utilities tap on " connect storage to pc " . plug in your device to your mac and the tap on " turn on usb storage " and ok . you should see your device just like an usb pen .
if the phone is new and in the box , then it has probably never been turned on . you can tell because the first time you turn it on ( after fully charging the battery ) , it will go through the initial setup process , inviting you to enter or create a google account , and showing some pop-up tips about adding shortcuts to the home screen . if it is second-hand , then the shop or the previous owner should have factory-reset it already , but you can tell in the same way . if you turn it on and get the initial setup process right away , then you are already starting from a fresh state . if you just get the home screen , with no setup screen inviting you to enter or create a google account , then you need to factory-reset from the device settings .
after flashing a new firmware it is advised to perform a factory reset ( all your data will be lost , so take a backup . ) while the phone is off : press the volume up , home and power buttons together till it vibrates . now it has entered RECOVERY MODE . navigating using the volume buttons highlight the option wipe data/factory reset and press the home button to select and confirm it on the next screen . finally select reboot system now to restart the phone
awesomeplayer is the built-in media player , part of android 's media playback engine . it is also referred to as the stagefright player . you may be seeing the player 's entries in the log while not playing any music or videos , because it handles all media playback , including ringtones and notification sounds .
not with the regular playstore app , afaik . if you want to do so using an app , you might want to take a look at market comments reader . from within the web browser , androidpit allows to show comments of all languages at once , i.e. without selecting each language separately .
you can have some custom roms , but if you want just to remove the bloatware , i would just root my device , uninstall those bloatwares and if possible unroot again . some rooting methods does permit to unroot and some do not . even in latter case all that has happened is just you had rooted your device and still have your original rom .
the problem seemed be caused by winamp not playing wma format files , even though it is meant to support them . have converted them to mp3 and they now appear in winamp and can be played .
some devices ( i do not know about the nexus 7 , but i think it will be about the same ) only charge when they have still a little charge left on their battery , because - believe it or not - charging happens electronically . so it can be that your device has absolutely no juice left to run . an example of such a device is the blackberry playbook ( not android ) where this trick works when your tablet does not want to boot . but there is a simple solution for that , which can take some time . try to keep your device awake for as long as possible , even if that means you have to restart it a couple of times . of course you do this while your charger is connected . after you have restarted it a couple of times , it should normally boot up . i expect it will take about 7 or 8 boots for the battery to be charged at minimum level again . after that , make sure you keep the device connected long enough so the battery is fully charged ( have a look in your user manual how long it is recommended , most tablets need about 8 hours ) . another option is that your device just needs a little more juice to start . in that case you should leave it plugged in for some time ( i recommend at least an hour ) before booting . tl ; dr : two options you could try : 1 ) just keep restarting it , after a while it will start as normal . recharge the battery for a long time ( probably around 8 hours ) . 2 ) leave it plugged in for a long time before restarting
search and download unlocker or screen lock bypass app from internet ( which are no longer available in play store ) . push it to the system from recovery ( with update . zip ) . start the system .
the reason for " phone calls " might be quite easy : looking at the app requirements , they list " android 1.6 or higher " . with that , this permission is automatically set -- whether the developer wants it or not . reference : android 1.6 changelog . an interesting discussion on this permission can be found at stackoverflow : android permissions : phone calls : read phone state and identity . of course this might not be the only reason . if the app e.g. lets you take " call notes " for an ongoing phone call , it might want to connect it with the contact or at least the calling number . to get the contact , it needs the number . to get the number , it needs . . . yes , READ_PHONE_STATE . not using evernote , i cannot say if it offers such a feature . personal information : a possible reason for contacts i just explained . some additional reasons , taken from the app description , could be : email notes and save tweets to your evernote account ( email taken from contacts ) share notes with friends and colleagues via facebook and twitter ( again , your friends data is probably stored with your contacts ) take meeting and class notes ( meetings are probably among your calendar entries , so they could be connected ) plan a trip : keep track of travel plans , plane tickets and passports ( again a clear candidate for calendar : travel plans ) as for accounts , pick reasons from above : how to share on your twitter and/or facebook accounts without accessing them ? so all mentioned permissions could be easily explained . could , as it takes some guess-work . you may be able to tell my assumptions are true if you investigate the described features . but the devs should be able to confirm or deny -- and imho it is their responsibility to explain . my suggestion to developers always is : if there are sensitive permissions involved , split the connected functionality into addons/plugins . my standard example : locus maps . it needs internet access to load maps , that is crucial to the app . being a navigation app , you might want it to navigate you to your friends -- so accessing your contacts makes sense . but that together with internet , well . . . you might be concerned . so menion ( the dev ) moved this part to a ( free ) addon . choice is up to you : trust him ( and install the addon ) , or enter all addresses manually . and for another thing i agree with a point mentioned here a couple of times : a 4.7 star rating with almost half a million downloads , i would say if that app were malicious , we had have heard about .
the screenshots of the cn version are all in chinese , also the language code for chinese simplified is " cn " .
you have to edit your Framework-Res.apk . its a bit complicated and differenct on every phone . so i can not simply provide a guide . but i suggest you , to ask in your phone forum on xda-developers .
make sure you have disconnected from the computer and the phone has remounted the card , then navigate to /sdcard/ or /mnt/sdcard/ . ( on other samsung phones like the galaxy s , you would go to /sdcard/external_sd/ . )
try aphonemetix completely offline phone usage analyzer . generates graphs and reports which you can share easily . ps - i am creator of this application .
for adb devices to list your device ( and other adb commands to be able to work with it ) , you need to enable usb debugging in your android device . this will start the required services ( the adb daemon ) on the android device , which is what then responds to adb commands issued from your computer . besides : if you are not going to use all the development stuff from the sdk , but simply wnat to interact with your device using adb commands , you do not need to install the entire sdk overhead . see is there a minimal installation of adb ? for details : )
did you get an email from google play that a refund was made ? if yes , you should be all right . sometimes , it takes time before refunds ( or anything ) shows up on paypal or your credit card statement . try again in a few days .
there is a root method available for the vruema7 build that does not require you to wipe your device or flash roms , but it does not have an unlocked boot loader ( source and credit to : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2380325 ) step 1: download all three files from the first step from the source above and install/extract as necessary . step 2: insert a microsd card ( exfat format required ) into your device and connect it to your computer as a media device . step 3: move the extracted files and folder from the root exploit package onto the root of your microsd card . do not put them in any folder . step 4: open the android terminal emulator app on your device and run the following commands hitting return after each line : cd /mnt/extSdCard ./pwn ./script.sh  after the second command you should see the '$' change to a '#' indicating root access . the third command will make root access permanent . step 5: after the above commands have run , you can download and open supersu and check for binary updates . at this point you should be done and you can open an app that will request root access to test this .
astrid has this functionality . add a task by giving it a title and then clicking add a due date if you wish . this opens a page where you can tap a due date + time . click ok after making the necessary changes . click the blue + sign on the right to add the task to your list . now tap the task to edit it - scroll down if you need to and select details and then remind when due and overdue choose the options as you see fit and ensure that the ring/vibrate type is set to until i dismiss alarm . click add an alarm and choose when you want to be reminded . to avoid this rigmarole in the future , you can choose to set by default that reminders should ring constantly until you dismiss them . click settings > new task defaults > default ring/vibrate and then select until i dismiss alarm also see reminder settings where you can choose a ringtone of choice .
as an android user for about 2 years ( and an iphone user for 2 years before that ) , i feel that android is very stable . but you have to remember , that with the ability to load widgets , and background applications - you can certainly bog down your phone and decrease its performance . in apple 's walled garden this is not a problem , but you also do not have the freedom and choice . as a modern computer user , i want the choice to slow down my phone if i want : )
you will not be able to receive a 3g video call from another phone , assuming what you are looking for is the operator backed 3g-324m solution that is available on most 3g phones ( not including iphone or android ) . 3g-324m as a solution does not run over ip and requires a tighter integration between operating system , modem and application . you can read more on the technicalities here : http://www.radvision.com/resources/developers/white-papers/android_integration.htm
this depends on how the app is checking for root . one method is for the app to actually attempt to find or use the su binary , or the superuser apk file . these methods can often be bypassed by using an app that will move su to a temporary backup location , then restore it afterwards . some root management apps have this built in to their settings ( e . g . recent versions of superuser and supersu ) . otherwise you can try an app like ota rootkeeper . another method that apps will use to determine if you are rooted involves checking the contents of your build . prop file . you can check this with any text editor , from your terminal , or using a specialized app like build prop editor . the file resides at /system/build.prop , and it is a good idea to make a backup before modifying it since having a malformed build . prop can cause boot issues . what you will need to look for is lines that specify that you are running a " test-keys " build , such as : ro.build.tags=test-keys  change this to " release-keys " and the app performing the root check should assume you are running a normal release build . this is typically not needed if you are running a rooted stock rom , but it would be necessary on many custom ones like cyanogenmod . there are likely other root detection techniques , some of which may be somewhat complex to bypass . this blog post outlines a few , but i honestly cannot say which of these is being used in the wild . i have seen the two i outlined above , however .
i use the charging dock for both z ultra and z1 .
wow , i had this problem just this week ! and just got access to my microsd . . . accessing your microsd the problem : my microsd card works great on my phone , but when i inserted it into my card reader and plugged it into the computer ( ubuntu 12.04 ) , it did not read ! well , this microsd card was a 16gb , class 4 so i thought maybe it was due to the class that it did not work . since , when i plug in a 2gb microsd , it works great ! works on my phone as well as using the card reader . what i did : updated my usb drivers as well as my computer and it is all great ! here 's the command that i used : sudo update-usbids &amp;&amp; sudo update-pciids  and then use the software center and just do a full system update . that is it . the post where i got the info from : ubuntu 10.04 usb drives not mounting ! - these are instructions for ubuntu 10.04 but it worked for my 12.04 . *i did not have anything to do with mount-manager at all . accessing your internal storage this is something that i am not an expert at but i am quite sure it is what the rooting program using the adb connection did to my android when it needed to install the sudo binary . but here 's a link i hope will be of a great help to you - how to access intenal storage or internal memory of android while conecting to pc ? !
your mileage with cyanogen mod ( cm ) depends on the phone you are running . if you have an htc phone , you will not have any htc sense running or installed at all . so htc widgets will not work . this is a hurdle for many htc phone users that enjoy some of those widgets . personally i have been able to find adequate replacements to them . so that was not a barrier for me . if you are not using an htc phone there probably will not be a lot of cons . again though you might not be able to use any stock widgets that came on your phone . but you might have a different dialer and contact app then what you are used to . do you connect to an email system at work , such as an exchange mail system ? i do and that was one of the reasons for me not using cm . not that it did not work , but there was some functionality i was missing , a few settings and i did not like the way the contact app managed the exchange contacts . whatever htc uses for their builds worked better imo so i use an htc based rom . as saboogu states , hardware will make a difference too , but cm team is good about refining their rom and working out kinks so that it functions well even on older phones . if you are already rooted make a nand backup first . follow this guide i wrote keeping in mind it was written for an evo , but most info still applies to other phones . once you have a backup then wipe and flash and go from there . see if you like it and the feature set . this way if you hate it you can easily restore your backup .
i think you had require root for this sort of functionality . if you have ics and later on your device , you can check the data usage and identify apps . go to settings > data usage . a list of apps and the data that they have consumed should be displayed there . that will allow you to see which apps have accessed the mobile data connection . screenshots here - http://www.tech-recipes.com/rx/22583/android-ics-control-limit-data-usage/
first , htc is not . . . employing a filter or enhancement to make the photos look better . . . . second , this is the color settings of the screens . if you transfer a photo taken from a sony device camera to a samsung mobile device , you will see a huge difference . that difference is that you can not see the vividness and cleanliness ( i.e. . the beauty ) you saw in the photo of the samsung phone . explanation : the mobile phones has a ppi or dpi more than 300 whereas the computer monitors have around 150 - 200 . since you are seeing the pictures in a lesser pixel density while you are viewing them in your pc , you may fell that they do not look nearly as good . if you want the beauty you saw in your phone , use photoshop or any other photo editing app to increase the colors a little and adjust brightness and/or contrast or curves . our fellow se members of photography stack exchange will be glad to help you .
i am working from memory here as i am now running ics on my phone so i may be a bit off here . if you go into your phonebook settings , you should be able to stop it showing your gmail contacts . now , to get them into gmail contacts just do the following . go to your phonebook , this will now just be showing you the contacts stored on your phone . you should be able to export this as a vcf file . copy this file to your computer . now just log into your gmail account , go to contacts and then import the vcf from there . then delete all the phone contacts and re-sync your phone to gmail . you may still have to do a bit of merging if you have part of a contact saved in gmail and saved in the phone memory but this will take most of the hassle out of getting them into gmail .
you could check out this wake on lan plugin for tasker / locale . ( have not tried it - would be interested to hear how you get on if you give it a go )
you can install f-droid to get a market-style repository of free and open source android apps : http://f-droid.org/
an android device in " mass storage " mode behaves just like a usb flash drive : it presents itself as an block device that can be mounted ( i.e. " used" ) by the host pc . just like an usb stick does . additionally " usb debug mode " can be enabled , which creates a new usb endpoint for the android debug bridge ( adb ) . this allows an user to get in-deep access to the connected android device and furthermore it allows the debugging of apps . this is the reason why you should never attach an android device with debug mode enabled to an untrustworthy pc . as usb is able to provide more then one endpoint per usb device , this " services " , mass storage and adb , can be used simultaneously .
normally you just tilt the device . on my samsung galaxy s , you should also have rotation enabled ( pull down the notification bar , it is the far right icon ) .
if you choose 3g only , you have no connectivity if you are in an area where no 3g is available . with 2g+3g , the phone will fallback to 2g if it can not get a 3g connection .
closest thing i have been able to find is : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.burningthumb.premiervideokioskhl=en video kiosk display a folder of videos , continuously and robustly in a loop . video kiosk was designed with android tv sticks in mind ( tested on mk808 and mk812 ) but also works with any android device that you want to use to display a continuous series of looping videos . video kiosk can used to run the big screen at a gym , shop , or anywhere where you need to run an unattended display , so you can be sure it will work simply and easily . the only thing other people need to know how to do is turn the tv on and off - video kiosk takes care of the rest . simply put your video files in a folder , launch video kiosk and pick the folder that contains the video . optionally enable the launch at startup option so that when the device is ( re ) started , video kiosk automatically launches and starts playing video .
that will most likely depend on the device , a generic answer valid for all of them cannot be given . for example , the samsung galaxy s2 specs give 32 gb as max , still some user was able to get a 64 gb card working ( see : 64gb sdxc cards in galaxy s2 ) . for some older devices , the 32 gb limit might be a fact , while again others might just have specified it to be " on the safe site " . tl ; dr : yes , it is device dependant , some devices have their limits .
how are you " evoking " this functionality ? video conferences do no appear from the ether . try a video conferencing app , perhaps -- like qik , fring , or yahoo ! messenger .
long pressing on the home button will bring up the six most recently accessed apps and you can switch them . how many stay in the memory depends on your phone and the size off the app . android keeps all opened apps in the memory until it needs space . there are countless apps that show what apps are running in your memory . search the market for " app manager " or " task manager " . one i particularly like is smart bar .
my personal solution would be to use widgetlocker and put a widget on the lockscreen , such as the built-in ics calendar widget . but that is just me : )
there are multiple things which can be done : device encryption ( to assure all your data is stored encrypted ) install anti-theft software ( to track and , if necessary , remote-wipe a lost device ) activate google 's device manager on your device ( and make sure it works , as it not always does ) to photograph the " perpetrator " , you might want to take a look at ☆ gotya ! face trap ! , which fires at failed logins ( but requires a front-facing camera to do so ) : one of the most well known anti-theft solutions is e.g. included with lookout security and antivirus , but the playstore offers a lot of alternatives to this . for keeping a copy of your important data off-device , you might use some cloud synchronization service ( or a similar thing to sync with your own machine ( s ) at home ) . when storing data in the cloud , you might prefer using encryption ; wuala is one possible solution which encrypts your data before it is transfered into the cloud .
unless your phone have two sim card slots , support as you require is not possible . the market has adapters which goes into the existing sim card slot of phone and will help you to switch between sims after shutdown . the only advantage of using this instead of swapping sims by conventional way is to keep both sims together with phone and reduce wear and tear on the sim slot . samsung and other manufactures have dual sim phones which have two sim slots and the phone can be configured accordingly for usage . having said that , watch out for terminologies like dual active , dual standby . unfortunately confusion prevails even in manufacturer 's web sites . so , to be sure try the behaviour before you buy . you can read about these in the wikipedia .
until android 4.2 there is no stock countdown timer , with android 4.2 there will be one . some alternative interfaces like touchwiz ( samsung devices ) have added a countdown timer for a long time , but stock android ( aosp ) had this first in 4.2 .
the reason is the history of android : the first generation of android devices only had a small amount of internal storage ( around 100-400mib ) which was mounted under /data . next , devices with a , at that time external , sd-card came out . the sd card was mounted under /mnt/sdcard . after that , devices with large internal storage came on the market . this storage was portioned , because /mnt/sdcard had become the default place for big data chunks from apps , pictures and such . so the android environment had to have a /data and /mnt/sdcard directory . therefore one partition was for /data , the other for /mnt/sdcard . this is the reason why you storage space could become low ( the /data partition ) even if there is plenty of space on /mnt/sdcard . this situation was improved with android 3.0: /data and /mnt/sdcard are now pointing to the same partition . good job google , that could have been done versions ago . which is also the reason why app2sd is no more needed on android 3.0 or higher : you would only move the data within the same volume . now we come to the answer if your question : since /mnt/sdcard is already mounted on the internal storage , an external sd-card has to use a different mount point . and this mount point is not specified by google . it could be /mnt/sdcard/ext_sd /mnt/external /mnt/extSdCard /mnt/sdcard/external_sd etc . the api call getExternalStorageDirectory() usually points to the internal storage directory . this behavior is documented . there are open source projects that provide tools to find the external sd-card directory in a canonical way .
the gpsfix app is known for this kind of spam ( see its comments on the playstore ) , even antivirus/antimalware apps classify it as adware ( taken from those comments , again ) . hence , my recommendation is : optionally post a comment on the playstore to warn other users uninstall that app delete that icon ( do not " start " it , as you cannot know where it takes you -- it might introduce more problems ) these kind of trouble-makers are no unknowns . please see the questions tagged malware to find similar reports . the playstore has enough replacement apps not offering those " unwanted side-effects " ( take e.g. a look at gps status and toolbox ) . so no need to shed any crocodile tears over that one app : )
this is a known issue with the market / apps accounts . i believe google has upgraded some apps accounts to allow market purchases , but if yours has not been upgraded then i believe you are out of luck and should create a regular google account to use with the market .
magnetometer reports the magnetic strengths on the three axes of the phone . can work as compass , metal detector and can also be used to increase mapping accuracy .
the official google+ app requires android 2.1 or newer , and as the market share for 1.6 and older is now vanishingly small , and getting smaller by the day ( at time of writing the combined market share of 1.5 + 1.6 is 3.6% ) it is unlikely to be modified to work on older oss . similarly unless there is a dev who is also stuck on 1.6 himself and desperate to use google+ , a market share like that is barely worth most devs efforts to create a 3rd party app if there is features in newer platform versions that would make things easier for them . your best bet is to use the web interface at http://google.com/+ as the google+ for mobile page specifically states that that is compatible with android 1.5 and up .
i am not familiar with that particular distribution . however , in general unless the build you installed contains the " google experience " apps ( or if there is a separate market package for it , ) you will not be able to use the official android market front-end to send apps to your virtual device . there are some alternate markets , such as amazon appstore , getjar , slideme , etc . most will require you to download and install their own market app in order to get other apps . if you already have apks of the apps , you should be able to side-load them either via adb shell ( from android sdk ) , or via the bundled package installer by executing the apk from the storage area with some sort of a file system browser ( if included with the build . )
i think bis was automatically syncing your blackberry contacts to google server . when you added google account to your android , it automatically imported all your contacts from google server .
navigation has always been a part of the google maps application . the icon was essentially a convenience shortcut , but not a separate app , and was removed around july 2013 in the maps 7.0 update . it is possible you still had the old version of maps on your other rom . either that , or the rom author added some kind of shortcut " app " to re-create the old navigation icon or something of that nature . if you want to use your phone to navigate somewhere , open google maps and type the address in the search bar , then hit the button in the bottom right ( the exact text/icon may vary depending on distance ) . if you really want the separate navigation icon , you could possibly downgrade to a version of maps earlier than 7.0 . a custom launcher could also let you create a shortcut directly to the navigation activity on your desktop , but probably not in the app drawer . apex launcher , for example , can create a shortcut on your home screen by long pressing on an empty space on one of your home screens , then selecting Shortcuts -&gt; Activities -&gt; Maps -&gt; Navigation .
dbm = ( 2 × asu ) - 113 asu in the range of 0-31 and 99 ( for not known or not detectable ) .
the official issue database for bugs/features/etc . of the android os can be found here . copied from bryan denny 's answer to another question .
my motorola droid 2 ( vzw ) has a similar problem . my contacts menu has a " display group " option . this shows several options : create a new group all contacts favorites user created groups facebook contacts google contacts phone contacts as you can see there is no way to specify google contacts that are not " other contacts " except to create my own groups . unfortunately whatever group i show does not become the default group that shows every time i open contacts . i have decided to solve the problem just by using workarounds . for the couple people i call the most i have widgets on the home screen to call that specific person . ( long press home screen -> motorola widgets -> contact quick tasks ) for the next tier of people ( i will call them more than once in a while ) i just use favorites . either long press home screen -> shortcuts -> dialer -> favorites . . . or just hit the call button and choose the favorites tab . when i have to resort to the full contacts listing i just start typing the person 's name and that narrows the list to a manageable size .
no more unwanted unlock screen . something might have been wrong with the firmware .
it is perfectly normal for a device ( usualy import models from china ) to have a kernel version such as " kernel version-- 3.4.0 root@tom-desktop#1" etc . and this has nothing to do with " rooting " a device . if i am not mistaken the " tom-desktop " is the default hostname when building a kernel .
you have to remove the automatically added server " hermes . jabber . org " . just leave the field empty . see https://dev.guardianproject.info/issues/2803
yes and yes . http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=8035 i have not seen any resolution to this except changing the router 's ssid if you have access to it .
i do not think gingerbread has a built in gmail widget but take a look on the google play store . i found an example : " gmail inbox widget " that is compatible with gingerbread and there may be others . you could set up gmail in the default mail app and use it is widget but that sounds like a horrible work around to me . aqua mail - email app says it is compatible with 2.1 and up . i think this would be the same as using the default mail client on your phone ( setting up gmail in the app and using it as an email client ) but it does have an email widget . email widget looks like it will do what you want but it is not free . check to make sure it is compatible with your version of gmail before buying .
finally , i was able to update the watch . this error persisted while i was staying in 3g-zone of local operator - unite ( moldova ) . ( i tried both - sharing 3g connection from the android phone and sharing 3g connection from router , in both cases update was failed with stacktrace above ) . as soon as i moved home to the fixed ethernet network i was able to proceed with update . in the same time , it was quite hard to proceed with installing update after it was actually downloaded . the " yes " button in the prompt " do i want to install update " was clickable , but there happened nothing on click . finally , after restarting and unknown action from me i was able to make update . i am happy now . : ) so , try to move to other internet provider and try to update there .
go into the gmail app . from the overflow menu ( the three dots in the corner ) , choose settings . in the settings window , choose the gmail account you are using . ( if you have more than one account , do the following for each in turn . ) notifications is the third option down . turning it off will disable mail notifications . in general , you should look for a notification setting inside the app first , and use the settings app 's show notifications option as a last resort for apps that will not behave . if you disable notifications within an app , it can save battery power by not creating the notification at all , and possibly by turning off some background syncing in that app . if you use android 's override , the app still fetches all the data and creates the notification , which wastes battery power when android throws the notification away . as a footnote , i guess that the reason you can not find gmail in the apps list is that you are looking in the list of downloaded apps . that list does not show apps that came with the phone . swipe right twice from that list to see the list of all apps , which includes gmail . you can also get to the app info quickly by long-pressing a notification from that app and clicking app info .
i found the solution . i had a xposed module named accountsectionremover active . my fault !
if your network is correctly setup , and both devices are on the same network then you can ping an android device just fine . i have just tested it on my office network . if your network administrator has configured the network such that devices can not ping each other , then obviously it will not work . similarly , it probably will not work if your phone is on mobile data , since most carriers do not allow incoming pings to devices on their network . connecting the device with usb makes no difference at all : pinging is a network operation , so it goes over the network connecting the two devices .
i found windows 7 bluetooth lacking so i bought a third party package and have no problem using windows 7 bluetooth with my android devices . the package was by blue soleil
as the " what is new " section says it is been updated for jelly bean , this looks promising : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.stericson.permissionshl=en i have never tried it , but assuming you are rooted , this guy 's apps are usually good .
short answer : yes , it is possible . different techniques can be used for this purpose ( some of them are described e.g. in andrew hoog 's book android forensics : investigation , analysis and mobile security for google android ) . it especially gets easy when usb debugging is turned on . long answer : please forgive me if i do not give this . just a hint : there are exploits , and there are custom recovery images . . .
i believe the only way to stop the ota notifications for good is to unlock/root the handset and install fotakill . apk to the /system/app/ directory . the version of this app for froyo can be found within the gapps package . you might also need to " fake " your phone 's signature by modifying the /system/build . prop file and altering the ro.build.... lines , so that they match the latest os version . on my nexus one ( it is rooted and running cyanogenmod 7 ) these are the relevant entries : in either case you will need to root your n1 .
the root method in the link is not compatible with android 4.0.4 . before you root - be sure you know what you are doing . to root the lucid 4g on 4.0.4 you can try the following method : http://theunlockr.com/2013/06/16/how-to-root-the-lg-lucid-4g-bin4ry-method/ but choose " xperia root by cubeundcube " instead of " normal mode "
it seems that ics does not have native support for wma files . you can use an app like mx player ( or its pro version ) to play wma files .
no . it comes with a couple small booklets ( see this androidspin post for example images ) but not the full user guide . ( also see this howardforums post answering your question ) .
accuweather has two apps that give you " realfeel " - accuweather and accuweather quick .
the samsung n5110 is the galaxy note 8 . the " espresso10wifi " is a galaxy tab 2 10.1 ( your device ) . it is not flashing because you are flashing the wrong file for your device .
got it fixed :d with thanks to izzy and chahk i did a lot of things so i am not sure if i write down every step i took , but i hope it will help other users someday . this is what i did . restore manger install a restore manager ( twrp/clockworkmod ) . i used twrp which i installed by using windroid universal htc toolkit : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2499926 ( if you still have a working rom , backup this now by booting in recovery mode ) flash rom check in cmd if your device is recognized with " adb devices " . if not try " adb kill-server " followed by " adb usb " . check again with " adb devices " . if recognized use " adb push cm-10.2.1-enrc2b . zip /sdcard/" ( or your own rom-name . zip ) flash kernel now you should flash your kernel , not like how i did it at the beginning . " fastboot flash boot boot . img " in cmd . ( check first if your device is visible with " fastboot devices " . extra tip install playstore with gapps or manually by moving " gmscore . apk + googleloginservice . apk " + " googleservicesframework . apk " to /system/app/ and run a playstore . apk ( in my case " com . android . vending-4.6.16 . apk" )
an android phone with dlna should be able to both send and receive . my galaxy s uses an app called allshare to manage it , and there are others like 2player in the market . i am sure you could stream to your stereo .
usually a bug is exploited to temporarily get a chosen process running as root , that is used to remount the file system read write , either startup scripts are changed and/or suid binaries added , then the file systems are synced and remounted read only again and likely the device is rebooted . you do not normally want to have the system partition writable on an android device , even when rooted - you only make it writable on the rare occasions when you are changing it . edit-summary of comments : it appears that /system on this device is cramfs , an inherently read-only compressed file system . likely a modified image would need to be generated on a pc and then flashed . search result for dealing with this problem on rockchip based devices : http://www.androidtablets.net/forum/rockchip-based/439-how-unpack-repack-custom-firmwares-rockchip-rk28xx.html
looks like a damaged lcd that is slowly " leaking out . " overheating could definitely be the culprit , as could the drop . although damage from the drop is usually accompanied with a visible crack . most likely it was the combination of the two . the fact that the phone booted up and is ( sort-of ) functional leads me to believe that replacing the lcd assembly would fix it . there are plenty of replacements to be had on ebay for up to usd$100 . i would go for the ldc+digitizer combination , even though the glass itself looks intact . there are simply too many issues with properly separating lcd from the glass that could cause you to break both and spend even more money . it is definitely doable on your own , provided you have some basic tools . there are videos on youtube with great walkthoughs to help you along the way : probably most detailed ( even though it is not on gt-i9100 , but on other modification of sgs2 ) ; some others specifically on gt-i9100 . a guide at ifixit can be also helpful .
you are in stock recovery , not cwm recovery . cwm recovery does not verify signatures . you either failed to install the recovery properly , or you need to hit " install packages " or similar from the stock recovery in order to get into cwm .
if you signed up for 2-step verification , you may need to enter an application-specific password in place of your regular account password . you can generate an application-specific password when you are authorizing access to your google account . this process takes a few minutes , and you only need to do it once per application or device . note : for android devices running 4.0 or higher , you do not need an application-specific password and only need to submit your username and password . you will be directed to another page where you can enter a one-time six-digit code . to check if 2-step verification is on or off , visit https://www.google.com/settings/ .
unlike the nexus s , the galaxy nexus has the odin download mode . it does have a fastboot mode as well though . so this is normal and you have nothing to worry about . my guess is that samsung just prefers working with odin and did not like having to work without it for the nexus s . or perhaps they had it in the latter but disabled it , and did not bother doing so for the gnex .
the google usb drivers that come with the android sdk will work for that device . your best bet is to install a version of cyanogenmod 5 or 6 . x . but keep in mind , that device is a dinosaur . it does not run android 2 . x well at all , especially compared to the specs of current devices . i had cyanogemmod 6 on my adp1 ( htc dream/g1 ) and , while it worked , it was extremely slow . also , the cyanogenmod team no longer even officially supports that device . the " old " cyanogenmod thread on xda is here . i am not sure if it still has download links or not .
do you need to do if from your phone ? because if not , you can just use the gmail desktop interface to do this , i do this quite often and it is fairly easy : go to your contacts ( click Gmail in the upper left corner ) select the contacts you want to export put them in a new group you can call Tmp or something random then click on that group and find the Export menu item in one of the menus ( i think More actions ) export to google csv if the receiver will import them through gmail as well , otherwise you can consider vcard format . the file will download automatically . compose a new mail and put the newly created file as attachment . ( if you used google csv , the contacts can be imported using the same contacts interface just by clicking Import in one of the menus )
i have one found so far paid solution , but there is a 30 day trial to check it out . http://www.rerware.com/android/ ; android app mybackup ; you can backup data and apps , both online and on sd
does a malicious android webview break the doublesubmittcookie countermeasure against csrf ? short answer : no . long answer : csrf exploits the trust that a site has in a user 's browser . csrf protection is not intended to protect the server from a malicious user agent or from an untrustworthy user . the user is responsible for choosing a trustworthy browser .
as i have mentioned in the comments already ( and which harbichidian thankfully approved ) , this can be done using tasker : condition : state → docked task : ( put something here you want to be done when placing the device in dock , or substitute some dummy like " variable set : %dummy = 1" ) exit task : media control → pause there might be several other approaches to this . i still hold tasker being at least one of the better solutions ( if not even the best ) is you can do so much more with it . just check the questions tagged " tasker " , or follow the links in our tasker tag-wiki to get an idea .
gps logger suits all your needs ( 2 is an option you can turn on )
i figured this was not currently possible so i just created a widget that activated whatever profile i want active when tasker is open then disable the said profile if i go back to the home app .
cyanogenmod 7.1 has exactly this feature , but without faking data , only failing , if the app accesses the api . proposition for faking the imei was rejected . faking other data , like contacts , is currently under discussion .
the app only changes the settings , so it does not matter which gps code the rom has . all the custom roms i know of use gps code from samsung anyways . one note : this will fix very few people 's problems . the factory settings cause most of the problems , so restoring will probably hurt more than help . it is possible that the new 2.2 releases will fix some issues , however , and in that case it is probably better to use whatever settings samsung tested with the new gps code , i.e. the settings gpsrestore uses .
some apps use this to retrieve debug information and send it to the company to help improve the app ( eg . evernote [ source ] ) . could not find any information on how netflix uses the data and can not test but maybe there is a " send debug information " button or something similar . this , of course , is pure speculation , so you will have to think " do i trust this company with my data ? " as to what information is made available by this , you can check this by using alogcat or the android sdk and logcat . there is a public google+ post which describes an example of logcat information .
to import a vcf : copy the vcf to your phone , then contacts > import/export to view hidden contacts : contacts > more > display options , you have the option of displaying " only contacts with phones " and under " choose contacts to display " you can choose to view or hide contacts based on their source . perhaps your contacts are hidden because they are stored in your phone , but you do not check " phone " under " choose contacts to display " disclaimer : i use froyo ( 2.2 ) so the menu name might be different .
is there something wrong with cyanogenmod ? what you want is the stock version of android samsung put on the phone , there is no revert as it was deleted when you put cyanogen . as you dont seem to have a copy i would go to samsung support site or you will have to trust another source on the net and download it there . this would be another great community resource for your phone http://forum.xda-developers.com/forumdisplay.php?f=1156
a new phone could mean a new/differently configured android version , so you would need to be extremely careful restoring your rsync'd data on the new device . while it certainly cannot hurt to have that backup , i would not recommend restoring it to a different device . a much safer way would be using titanium backup instead ( pro-version strongly recommended for batch processing -- but you of course can check with the free version before ) . this nice app not only creates full backups ( apps+data+system data ) , but also offers a migration mode for restoring a backup to a different device/rom : instead of simply replacing files on the new system ( which can e.g. break some databases due to changed/different structures when it comes to system data like e.g. sms , in which case you will experience some nice force-closes of the corresponding apps/frameworks ) , it tries just to fit the data into the existing databases , and does some other " tricks " . also the app is well supported and worth every cent/frank ( dev lives in switzerland ) . scheduled backups , freezing/uninstalling system apps , converting downloaded apps to system apps ( and vice versa ) , plus so many other nice features make this app a must-have on any rooted android device ( and who knows me also knows i rarely speak of any " must-have app" ) .
i have found solution . i.e. i found how to organize stable internet through my phone using 3g . it could be done by lg pc suite , tools-> " internet connection using your phone " . it works without needing to switch anything in phone . but i still wondering why simple usb tethering does not work .
short answer : yes , it is for all google maps links . the long answer is that android 's intent mechanism ( which is the way android decides what app to start ) can use different parts of the url to match the app . the app can register itself with android to handle : a particular uri scheme , such as market:// a particular domain , such as youtube.com paths within the domain matching a particular filter , such as /users/* apps can also filter on other things not relevant to clicking a link , such as different actions ( e . g . share ) or different mime types . one app can have more than one filter , and one filter can match any combination of the above things . for example , a youtube app might have one filter that matches when all these conditions are met : the scheme is http:// or https:// the domain is youtube.com the path matches watch?v=* and another that matches when all these conditions are met : the scheme is http:// or https:// the domain is youtu.be ( the domain for short urls ) in this case , there are two different defaults to set : the first time you click a link http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DJRFaR71HfY it will set the default for that kind of link . then , if you later click a http://youtu.be/DJRFaR71HfY , it'll ask a second time , because that counts as a different kind of link . in the case of google maps , there are several different kinds of link it can handle ( as well as other intent filters not relevant to links ) :- geo://* latitude://* http://maps.google.tld/ or https://maps.google.tld/ ( with nothing after the / ) , for every tld that google has (google.com, google . fr , etc . ) http://maps.google.tld/maps* or https://maps.google.tld/maps* http://mapy.google.pl/ or https://mapy.google.pl/ ( "mapy " being polish for " maps" ) http://mapy.google.pl/maps* or https://mapy.googl.pl/maps* http://local.google.com/ or https://local.google.com/ http://local.google.com/maps* or https://local.google.com/maps* http://m.google.com/latitude or https://m.google.com/latitude http://www.google.com/latitude or https://www.google.com/latitude http://m.google.com/u/m/* or https://m.google.com/u/m/* each one of those lines counts as a different kind of link , so android will ask again . in addition , all but the first of those have two separate entries : one for opening or browsing a link in the usual way , and another for scanning an nfc tag ( or receiving by android beam ) a matching link . again , those two things count as different links for the purposes of setting defaults . to get this information from the google maps app , i used the app packageexplorer . the information it gives you takes some knowledge to interpret : you may find the android intent api guide for developers useful .
the latest update of the nook color software version 1.4.1 allows you to change the default pdf reader . after the upgrade open a pdf and then a pop up box will appear allowing you to choose which application you want as the default pdf reader .
your voice files are also stored in the whatsapp folder . the path is : WhatsApp/Media/WhatsApp Voice Notes/ the file names are starting with ptt
i have just released an open source svn client that uses actual svn protocol . . . it is called oasvn ( open android svn ) you can get it on the play market here : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.valleytg.oasvn.android does svn checkout , update , commit , export , cleanup and revert . more to come soon . more information and source are here : http://www.valleytg.com jira for requests : http://www.valleytg.com/jira
as using swap is a system-wide thing ( even on linux/unix , you need to be root in order to activate/deactivate swap ) , this cannot be done without having root access to your device . if your device is rooted , however , there are several apps available to help you manage swap space . you might want to take a look at e.g. swapper 2 ( for root users ) ( free ) or roehsoft ram-expander ( swap ) ( paid , and not really cheap ) . both seem to have quite good reputation . of course there are several other solutions available as well .
get an on-screen keyboard with arrow keys , such as hacker 's keyboard . i use it as a secondary input method , it is not so suitable to all situations but can quickly be switched from the long-press menu .
you can try greenify it freezes the app when you are not explicitly using it . there is an experimental feature to make it work without root but i did not try it since my phone is rooted . there is also disable service that can disable single services . it requires root access .
i have never used it but i remember reading about key ring rewards cards . try that and see what you think . edit : i also tried searching the market for " loyalty cards " and came up with this list of apps . i was going to specifically name some but as i have not tried them i thought it best that i just give you the list . seems there are quite a few that will help you manage your cards
i figured it out . it was the kernel that came with liquid smooth rom . the kernel developer , chevyno1 ( of simply stunning mod ) , disabled logging in the kernel . i switched to a different kernel by jdlfg and logging immediately turned on with the next boot .
answer : yes , you can have multiple bluetooth devices connected to your phone . app to manage your bluetooth devices additionally , you can use smart bluetooth widget pro by mdr tools , inc . available from google play store to help you manage those devices : this is a must have widget for your android if you have any bluetooth devices . it adds a bluetooth icon to your home screen , and by just clicking on it , it will display you the list of paired devices and you can just click and connect to your bluetooth devices . no need to go to settings screen , turn the bluetooth on , and connect to your devices . when you walk away from your bluetooth device , this widget not just cancels the bluetooth connection , it also turns off the bluetooth to save more from the battery . you can also connect to multiple bluetooth devices at the same time . you can connect to your speaker , and your headset at the same time . there is also a free version smart bluetooth widget free .
a new version of the app came out today ( 2.2.0.233662 ) with " numerous bug fixes " mentioned in the " what is new " text . this apparently is one of the fixes . everything is back to normal now .
i work on the linux 11.10 , i solved the problem by researching on various blogs . i particularly found this link very helpful . actually the vendor id in "/etc/udev/rules . d/51-android . rules " was wrong . as i could not find the spice in the android 's developer site . executing command lsusb gave me the correct vendor id . . . . now my /etc/udev/rules . d/51-android . rules file looks like:- subsystem=="usb " , attr{idvendor}=="2006" , mode="0666" group="plugdev " now after restarting adb services . . . i.e. su $ adb kill-server $ adb start-server $ adb devices  the output is :- List of devices attached 0123456789ABCDEF device  now when i launch application from eclipse ide it automatically identifies the device . . . .
in android notification settings can be configured on a per-app basis . most apps give you control over sound and vibration settings . these can be overridden with the global " ring mode " setting located under menu -> system -> sound . changing the gmail notifications will not impact hangouts , facebook , or other apps . furthermore , in gmail app you can have different notification settings for each account ( and even per each synced label within each account ) : in gmail , tap on the menu button , go to settings , and tap on your google account . tap on " inbox sound and vibrate " option . set the sound and vibration preferences to your liking , and exit the settings page .
its original name was the zte blade so , then , the manufacturer is the zte corp in china .
problem solved . i deactivated hangouts and now it works fine .
in order to change the notification sound on the gmail app you can do the following : open the gmail app and press the menu button ( the one to the left of the home button ) press settings and then choose the email address ( not general settings ) touch the word " inbox sound and vibrate " click " sound " then there is a popup for the choice of notification sound you want for your email . for go sms pro : press the same menu button settings advanced notification settings default notification settings select ringtone
it seems the incompatibility came only on the current version . you may install and use an older version or wait till it becomes available to your device . in this thread there is a link to an older apk version that should work .
