i found dialer one which works exactly how i want : display in the contact list only the groups i want to display , with a big phone icon on the right to initiate the call .
this is a way of programatically installing apks the code snippet you are looking for is :
in Settings -> Wireless &amp; Networks -> Data Usage you should be able to uncheck the " set mobile data limit " . the limit will stop data usage when you reach the limit . ( you probably have this unchecked already ) . on this screen is where you can move the " warning " levels up so you will not reach them and you will not receive the notification . one thing to note : if you have mobile data disabled , the checkbox to set the limits will not be visible . re-enable it temporarily and you can dispatch the annoying notifications for good .
you mention dropbox in the comments area of another answer . merely deleting dropbox data is insufficient to cleansing its folders . you must dissassociate the device from your account or the deleted items will re-synch to the device when next possible . start dropbox . settings > unlink device from dropbox . if this was not done , or done improperly , i can understand how the recovery occurred to the phone .
is there something like : people app -> press the menu button bottom right ( the 3 vertical dots ) -> settings -> sort list by
this turned out to be a problem with my router - earlier today i also noticed that i could not connect to my printer either - it seems like the router had gotten in a weird ap isolation mode or something like that somehow - i rebooted it and i can connect to the s4 as expected now .
the device does not run on the charger . it will always run on the battery , unless the battery is not present . the discharge you see can be from just applications on the device running in the background . the charger stops charging the battery when it reaches full status . note that this may not be 100% , even on a brand new battery . my battery does not charge past 96% any longer . once it reaches that , it reports full and the device stops charging the device . the device stops charging once the battery reports full so it does not over charge and damage the battery . this is why you probably see that the battery is at 98% after leaving it on the charger for a while . it does charge full ( any probably to 100% , or close to it ) but then the device stops charging once it is full . it wont just start charging the battery again when it drops below full , because this can also damage the battery if it was constantly charging/not charging the battery .
i have seen this on occasion on mine . it seems to be a software issue , triggered by certain usage patterns . this post on xda-developers has some info on how you may be able to trigger it . that community seems to be hoping that the 4.1 jelly bean update will include a cure .
as devnul3 has said , using google for the contacts and calendar ( i was using google as an exchange account , so i did not have to do anything special ) . just set your android up with the same google account . moving smss can be done with sms migrator , which can be found in the android market . there is also the spb migration tool , which looks like it can do everything but notes .
try upgrading to android 4.4.2 . settings -> general -> about device -> software update -> update . : )
if you ever give your phone to a repair person or a rep at a carrier store you should assume your data can and will be looked at . unfortunately , i saw this all the time while working for verizon . we had reps that could not wait to get their hands on a phone and start looking through pictures and other private files of customers . i have actually seen reps save customers pictures to their own device ! it is one of the many , many reasons i quit . bottom line : anything on your phone can potentially be accessed and seen .
samsung phones that are running touchwiz ( samsung 's fork of android ) do not support native themeing , as is the case with other manufacturers such as sony and acer . you can check if you are running touchwiz by dialing *#0*# on your dialer - if a new screen appears , you are most definitely running touchwiz . to achieve support for the theme apps you see on the play store , you need to install or flash a custom android rom , such as cyanogenmod and paranoidandroid .
one current work around would be to create a draft in gmail that has the signature and use it in the mobile app .
this is a known bug with android 4.4.2 kitkat . google is aware of it and are promising a fix with the next update . according to the google code discussion , simply killing the responsible app is not enough to stop the drain . a reboot is always necessary . uninstalling the app seems to be the only sure way to avoid having this happen in the first place . skype seems to be the most frequent culprit because its background services seem to interface with the camera , triggering android 's bug . it is recommended to temporarily uninstall such apps until google releases the fix .
you should be able to do this through an app called tasker . check out useful or cool tasker recipes , you may be able to modify one of those scripts to do what you want .
these instructions are pretty hard to follow but should work : root insntructions
i have been looking at llama . you can set actions based on conditions , and one of the selectable conditions is NFC tag detected . i have not tried this myself yet , but the program is pretty well thought out . highly recommended !
finally i found the issue and resolved it ! , the error was in the firmware of the device ( especially in the radio , do not ask me how did it got the error , cz i have no idea ) . the solution is to download the ota update and install it in the device . if the ota update is not able to install to the system because you have a custom recovery , goto cache\ and find the ota update package like OTA_PROTO_U_JB_45A_S_hTC_Asia_India_2.22.720.6-1.18.720.3_release_316889ltmnu8ffxfy8672r.zip open it with winzip/winrar/7zip and extract the firmware.zip to a folder . this archive contain the firmware files like radio.img,recovery.img,boot.img,hboot etc . now we are going to flash the file to the device if you are on an unlocked bootloader re-lock the bootloader 1 . reboot the device to bootloader ( goto cmd> type adb reboot-bootloader ) 2 . type fastboot oem lock flash the firmware.zip 1 . type fastboot oem rebootRUU cd to the directory where the firmware.zip is located . 3 . type fastboot flash zip firmware.zip now the firmware is updated and it will be visible in the bootloader menu , use the htc provided method for unlocking the bootloader
after trying all the solutions i found online , i found the one what works for my phone : settings> apps> all apps> contacts ( not contact storage ) and clear data . now contacts are saved to phone . i also chose to display only phone contacts , but without clearing data on the contacts app , it did not work .
i think this stackoverflow answer should point you in the right direction : all of the native code for an app is stored in the libs/ directory in the root of the apk . it is compiled arm or x86 code , or both . you can find it in libs/architecture_type/lib_name . so . you can dissemble the code with objdump or gdb . decompiling is a much harder task , but you can find some software that might work for you .
solved : while the rageagainstthecage exploit is not working with the infuse , you can root it with the psneuter exploit . easiest way to do it is with the superoneclick application .
you can indeed , just hold down the shift key and move the cursor with the dpad/trackbal/etc . from the comments : the center key in the d-pad activates the two text-selection hands , which can be moved anywhere using the d-pad directional keys . then , pressing the d-pad center key again , copies the selection to the clipboard .
since the calendar app syncs with google calendar - why do not you create a " test " calendar , add events to that calendar and then delete the calendar from a web browser on your computer ? i just did this myself and it worked fine .
you can ' encourage ' the phone to rescan the sd card by unmounting and remounting it ( settings > sd and phone storage ) , or by using a little app from the market called ' sdrescan ' ( which essentially does the same thing ) .
this turned out to be a hardware fault which is pretty common on the sgs2 units . the vibration device is mounted next to the audio jack , meaning that it sometimes fails if the jack has been stressed . there is a short video ( warning : nsfw language ) that describes the issues and how to fix them . essentially it works as following : insert a cable into the headphone jack . lightly press on the jack , in the direction of the front-facing camera ( left , if looking at the phone from the front ) whilst lightly pressing in this direction , remove the jack . vibration should be restored . . . for now . the long term fix is to get the vibration motor re-mounted by a qualified repair technician .
the phone now mounts with multiple drives . i think the problem was i had never seen that before on my previous phones and just missed it ! ! : ( my home machine has a lot of drives . i saw one , and missed the second . one drive mounts for the phone memory , one mounts for the ssdcard .
you mentioned that you are not a us citizen , but do you live in the us and have a us phone number ? if not , google voice is not yet available outside us , and you just have to wait for them to expand the service .
android scans your sd card . when it finds an mp3 playlist ( m3u file ) it looks for media files in the same path , if it does not find any , it deletes the playlist because it thinks it is empty . to stop this from happening create a file in the folder with the m3u file called .nomedia . this will tell the media scanner to ignore the content in the folder .
upgrading gapps to the correct version ( i was running 10.1 gapps on a 10.2 cm build ) solved the issue . i did not have to reinstall the rom or anything like that , simply flash the new gapps over the old .
this is because of the update not being done on a clean install . also samsung phones have touchwiz overlay on android which is a bit heavy . to make your phone fast do a full factory reset after taking a full data backup so that you can restore everything ! doing this would clean up any mess left behind by the update process . always try and do a clean install for a major update .
if you do not have data service at all on your secondary sim , you can not download the sms . since the sims are from different carriers , the primary sim can not connect to the other carrier 's mms service , and therefore the message can not be downloaded . the only solution would be to replace your primary sim with the secondary one , establish a data connection and download the mms . otherwise you can not download it .
i do not know if this applies to the s4 but on my nexus devices it shows up on my pc as a ' drive ' but i can not access anything until the phone is unlocked ( the normal screen lock - pattern/pin ) . if you have a screen lock set it should not allow access to the device until you unlock it .
seems that no special folder is used to store attachments - strange since i am definitely saw the message ' picture too large - compressing ' when trying to send an image via mms . i would have expected this to be saved somewhere . i will accept my own answer here , unless someone else can give some valuable information .
they work like normal shortcuts , just long-press the icon and drop it into the recycling bin , and then open the app menu , long-press Search and drag it down to the dock . edit : the dock in question is not customizable from the default settings , but it can be patched through clockworkmod . the most comprehensive customization options i have seen can be found here . the files need to be applied through clockworkmod so the device has to be rooted . just download the file you prefer , move it to the internal sdcard and apply the update from recovery . be sure to backup first , just in case .
maybe disabling the noise cancellation feature might work . . get a rooted file editor first , then from "/system/build . prop " change the "media.a1026.enableA1026=1" to "media.a1026.enableA1026=0" then do a reboot . see if your problem is solved . i simply suspect the android 's mic always gets enabled for the purpose of noise cancellation during calls/voice input . remember ! i do not hold responsiblilty for any failure . i suggest you make a backup and everything when you try this . source : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?p=6787214
there are huge differences between 1.6 and 2.2 . 1.6 is also a pretty old version of android . flash is only available for 2.2 and later , so if you have to have flash then you need to go with 2.2 . but the archos 43 does not have an fm receiver , the 48 has a receiver , and transmitter . the ui had big improvements in 2.2 compared to 1.6 . the ability to install apps on an external sdcard is also available on 2.2 , but i do not think you will really need that as the 48 says it has 500gb ( that seems like a lot for a device like that . . . ) . i have also read that it is possible to install froyo on the 48 . 3 . x is currently only available on select devices as they have to " partner " with google in order to have access to honeycomb ( 3 . x ) . so i would not expect to see an update on these devcies anytime soon for 3 . x .
there are definitely android dlna clients and servers which will allow you to share or receive videos or other media over a wireless network , see these previous questions : dlna enabled media player ? what can i do with dlna on an android smartphone ? can i get dlna on my droid ? what is the android answer to air video server ? if you have a tv with a usb port , you should definitely be able to mount your phone 's sd card as a drive and play the files on it ( assuming they are encoded with codecs that your tv understands ) . also if you have a phone with video or hdmi out functionality you can play videos direct to the tv over a video or hdmi cable . but , i do not think you will be able to do things quite the way you describe . i do not know of any tvs that will mount a usb device as anything other than a mass storage device ( usb drive ) or a network adapter ( normally only specific manufacturer approved adaptors ) , and it sounds like you want to stream movies via your phone rather than just play them from its storage . one problem you are going to face is that on an unmodified android phone the moment you mount your phone as mass storage to one device ( eg your tv ) it is no longer accessible to other apps on your phone ( such as whatever 's receiving it from your pc ) . tl ; dr three realistic options : plug phone into pc copy movies onto sd card , unplug phone , plug into tv play as files if your phone has tv-out , video-out or hdmi-out , plug your phone into the tv that way instead of usb and then either play from its storage , or from a streaming video client if your tv is network connectible , use a dlna client on your phone ( see above question links ) to push the movie from a dlna server on the pc ( eg windows media player on win 7 , or twonky server ) to a dlna compatible , network attached tv ( or media streamer box attached to tv ) .
try going into settings > language and input and configure the google keyboard . in there you can turn off ' auto-correction ' . this should stop it from changing the foreign words to english . you could also try adding additional dictionaries . this should allow you to enter words from different languages without it detecting them as mis-spelt english words .
it really comes down to customer expectations . with ios , apple uses the built-in apps to set an expectation that apps will be " blingy " , with all kinds of eye-catching animations . if you look at android 's built-in apps , they are not so eye-catching : animations are subtle ( usually simple fades or fly-ins ) , they have a much cleaner , drier look , and they have very similar , familiar conventions about menus and transitions . this has set the expectation amongst android users that app-specific bling is much less important than respecting the conventions of the platform and integrating well with other apps . at the same time , the app ecosystem and the consumer market are very different on android . apple has a very large barrier to entry : you can not realistically develop ios apps without buying a mac , and a physical device , and paying a subscription to apple . this means that for the most part , hobbyists and small developers are excluded from this market . in contrast , the android development tools are freely available and support windows , mac , and linux ; there is no subscription to be a developer ; you can get onto google play for a small , one-off fee , or distribute apps outside of google play ( on other app stores or independently ) . for this reason , while android still has all the big-name developers you find writing ios apps , there is also a much larger number of small developers and hobbyists . hobbyists are much less likely to add bling or visual design features to their apps , because they just want to develop something useful . there are a lot of incredibly well-written and useful hobbyist and open-source apps , but they are much less likely to add visual design varnish to them . as well as bringing down the average amount of varnish for an app , this also feeds back into the consumer expectation that android apps do not need so much bling .
the power consumption is not noticeable . even a tiny watch battery can run a small led for a few days continuously . increasing the blink rate will not change the power consumption at all : what makes a difference is how long the " on " part of the blink is compared to the " off " part . this is called the duty cycle of the led . most led controllers use the duty cycle to control the brightness of the led ( because leds are not sensitive enough to voltage ) , so even when the led appears to be on continuously , it is actually blinking faster than you can see . you can see this by waving the phone around in a darkened room : instead of tracing a continuous line in the air ( like a sparkler or torch does ) , it looks like a dotted or dashed line . if you can keep the waving speed constant , and measure ( or estimate ) how long the dashes are compared to the gaps , you know the duty cycle . the only reason for the led to blink is a human one : to make it more eye-catching , so you can see when you have a message ( or whatever ) .
this is an issue i have as well , it lies with the apps , whose settings override the default ringer and vibration settings . in order to completely disable vibrations you will have to disable them in settings > sound , and individually in each app . twitter app you will have to go to settings > and there is a notification settings sections that allows you to disable vibration . as an aspiring developer , it will be my goal to default to system settings but allow for customization , as it should be . . .
virtually all android devices have the developer options menu . this is stock android ; a carrier or device manufacturer would have to explicitly remove it . if they did , the hue and cry from actual android developers would be very loud ; some might even refuse to develop for such a device , which would have a negative impact on device sales . in ice cream sandwich , it is grown lots of extra options , as you have noticed . the developer options are mostly useful to actual developers , though some of them are useful to power users . for instance , " usb debugging " allows a user to control their android from their pc with adb ; that could be anything from side-loading an apk to rooting the device . privacy fanatics will appreciate " allow mock locations" ; when this option is on they can use simple apps to generate false geolocation data . and my personal favorite is " stay awake " which prevents the phone from sleeping or blanking the display while it is on the charger . if you are having a problem with these options getting enabled while the device is in your pocket , as in your other question , consider using a screen lock . in jelly bean , developer options must be enabled explicitly and a warning dialog appears if you try to enable developer options . this will help prevent you from enabling them accidentally in your pocket .
i have found appsurfer . com to work very nicely for me . they are still in beta but in 1 - 2 months to come out with plans . . . it is free for 10 users at the same time at the moment and works quiet well . . .
it turns out that just because you can see and use a map online , that does not mean that google will allow you to make the area available offline . offline maps are only currently available for certain countries , and brazil is not currently one of them , in fact it seems to be a fairly odd selection . google have published the full list of countries that it is available in here : maps for mobile - offline availability edit : note that in a july 2013 google maps update , google made offline maps into a hidden feature with no menu option any more . more about how to make maps available offline here : get offline maps in new google maps
as no " bullet-proof " system is required here , and at least some level of trust assumed , possible solutions hide behind the buzz . . . ahem , key-words kiosk-mode and child-protection . in short : you create a " jail " you are working in , and hand it is key ( password ) to the teacher ( let him/her set a password – of course on the premise to unlock you once the exam is over ) . options on establishing a kiosk-mode are already discussed in several other questions tagged " kiosk-mode " , so there is no need to repeat them all . you might wish to take a look at surelock kiosk lockdown , which should meet your requirements : one of its features is to prevent access to system settings . so disabling all network features ( mobile data , wifi apns , etc . ) and then locking the settings with the teacher 's password should satisfy both sides – provided you have allowed all required apps for kiosk mode . as the " dirty trick " to regain control would also remove all data from the device ( factory-reset ) , it cannot be expected you had do that during the exam ; )
simply removing widgets and shortcuts from the screen will only prevent the very unexperienced ( i.e. . those who never used an android device before ) from accessing other apps , and not even sure for them . if your goal is to prevent most people from doing so ( the very experienced will always find a way to circumvent your protection ) , you rather need something like a kiosk-mode . recoomended readings/references on this : deny the installation of apps or add new accounts ( kiosk mode ) -- another q and a here on our site child-proofing an android phone ? -- again a q and a at android enthusiasts kioware - kiosk system software -- an android kiosk solution kiosk mode on android with surelock -- also mentioned in the first q and a kiosk mode on android -- a blog on the topic google search on the topic german overview on app lockers ( google translate version of the same page ) btw : if you initialize all those tablets using the same google account , you can easily manage installations via your computers web browser ( just a hint along ) .
as it has already been said : the main difference is that disabling an app simply marks it unavailable ( which can easily be reverted ) , while removing physically removes the app and all connected data from the device . what was still left open is : what do you gain from removing an app , that you did not get by disabling it – so it would be worth the risk of not being easily reverted ? space : you are probably talking about system apps here . those are usually installed on the /system partition , which is mounted read-only , and cannot be used by " normal ( user ) applications " . so removing the app itself does not give you space to " simply install other apps " . but still : almost all apps have data , which is stored in /data/data/&lt;app_package_name&gt; 1 . while pressing " clear cache " and " delete data " from settings→apps resets those , it does not completely delete everything . removing the app does . so you gain at least some space here . performance and battery : if you disable an app , it becomes invisible to the user – but the files are still there . also , the package manager still knows it exists . plus the app 's " intents " are still available : if another apps directly calls them , the disabled app still responds to the call . it also seems to listen to some broadcasts it previously had registered listeners on ( example : my lg optimus 4x has those bloated lg stuff i have disabled . nevertheless , after each boot i receive prompts from their " remote service " app to approve ) . that means , a disabled app can still be running in background , if called from some other place – and consume battery plus cpu , even bandwidth and other resources . a removed app obviously can not . 1 some apps also store ( usually " huger chunks " of ) data on sdcard , but almost all apps have at least their central data below /data/data .
i have posted the question on same link shown in question . till that i tried everything format sd card totally , also tried different roms of ics still it was not worked . then as in reply i got on that forum saying install gingerbread rom then root it , use ota root keeper and upgrade . so i did similar to that i installed gingerbread . then i formatted all using cwm . then i installed new ics refrec v2 rom . and then after i tried to root it . and it worked . hope so if anyone face the same problem they can downgrade to gb then again move to ics to root it after flash if their favorite rom does not come rooted . : )
background data is anything that involves mobile data or wi-fi ; it will use whichever is enabled ( i think wi-fi has higher preference ) . this includes autosync , background polling , notifications , and other similar operations that will access mobile data . assuming you do not have any task / data killer that runs in the background when your phone sleeps , the mms will be sent you do not need to have the messaging app open . however , if the sending fails ( after a certain number of retries ) , it will fail and you will have to resend it manually . update #1: autosync depends on background data . if background data is disabled , autosync is also disabled . autosync is used by accounts defined in settings ( in s4 , System Settings &gt; Accounts ) . but it is also possible to have background data enabled , and autosync disabled . in this case , apps could poll and show notifications ( e . g . twitter ) .
just found my answer . in people app go to Menu &gt; Settings and tap on the setting Search contacts by . there mark the option of Company as selected . there you go : )
the android firmware is composed of several image files . these image files are flashed to ( device specific ) locations on your devices internal memory . typically these images are for the bootloader , recovery , fastboot , and the system ( os ) . the remaining memory is mapped to your internal storage . since each device expects them to be located at different locations depending on the manufacturer , you cannot modify them safely .
it sounds like a defective unit . i would send it in for warranty replacement . if it is getting warm while plugged in the power is shorting out the unit causing it to show no life but receive power .
try this : menu - settings - content settings - website settings from there you can clear data for individual sites . if that does not work , maybe look into remote usb debugging : https://developers.google.com/chrome-developer-tools/docs/remote-debugging
8pen has now answered this at their official support site : you are right , in the early version of the 8pen from november 2010 , we included a popup window . it is now removed , but we are considering putting it back again , as you are not the only one requesting this feature . by the way , are you aware of the game "8pen wordcup " , available for free on the market ( http://goo.gl/qvpiw ) ? that should get you quickly up and running with the new layout , so you will not need to be looking for letters all the time .
alas , the UsbStorageActivity does not use an intent to enable and disable usb mass storage , so there is no way to achieve this using am . it instead calls the functions StorageManager.enableUsbMassStorage and `StorageManager.disableUsbMassStorage to do its work . as these functions are hidden in the framework , it is not possible to write an app to do this , either . as far as i know , there is no existing command to do this . it might be possible to write an app that offers a command-line interface and uses the bound system service MountService to call its setUsbMassStorageEnabled function , but that would be way off-topic for this site .
while you are on wifi , have a look in wi-fi settings > menu|advanced . it looks like it is easier when you are on wifi than when you are on a celular signal ( 3 or 2.5g ) . i have found a blog post here that seems to do what your asking , but you may need to have rooted the phone , or at least be comfotable with editing a few system bits and bobs .
aside from izzy 's suggestions , i also find clean master helpful in cleaning unecessary files / cache . check it out . : )
the chrome page in the app store says this about the new permissions : this version requests two new permissions , camera and modify audio settings , to support webrtc , an experimental feature under development . webrtc itself is designed to expose your camera and mic to the browser , so that web-apps can implement video-conferencing and other multimedia solutions in-browser . the webrtc people have at least nominally considered the privacy implications , by adding an info-bar to chrome : chrome on windows is said to have access to your camera and mic . so if you use chrome on windows ( and soon firefox too ) then you are implicitly trusting the vendor of those programs to not take pictures of you when you do not authorize it . the same is true for android . one hopes that they do not introduce security flaws that allow unauthorized access to the camera/mic by malicious websites . as to what you can do about it , on a rooted phone you can uninstall chrome or install a permissions-control app that denies permissions to installed apps . you can switch to a different browser that does not support webrtc . otherwise you are stuck with what android provides . if you decide that you trust microsoft or apple more than google , you can switch . or maybe you trust an open-source android variant like cyanogenmod . for myself i consider the fact that google already has a bunch of apps on my phone which have access to my camera and mic , so if google wanted to spy on me they already can . heck , they could build that right into the os and just not tell anyone . google apps that can access the camera/mic : search voice search plus translate drive shopper goggles youtube remote youtube not to mention the camera app which is built-in to the phone . edit : the question was updated with a screenshot of what the phone shows when you are prompted to update the app . unfortunately at this time there does not seem to be a way for app developers to document why they need particular permissions , except in external sources . for example , this chrome update states why it needs the permission in the " what is new " page . however , if you do not look there and just see the scary warning , you are left wondering what is going on . as an app developer i wish we could add help text to the permissions page to explain to the user why we need the permissions and how the privacy policy protects the user . google could certainly make this more usable and less scary .
just released today , version 1.2 says this in the " what is new " section : you can finally see who is on hangouts ! when you start a new hangout , green icons show who is on , and gray shows who is not . also of note : contacts are now organized by people you hangout with , suggested people , and other contacts . long press contacts in the new hangout screen to hide them .
these toggles are not part of android . third party roms like cyanogenmod and miui , and certain skins that hardware manufacturers put on android include that . if you want to have this functionality on a nexus running stock android you might want to try these two applications , i have used them both , and they are quite stable and useful . power toggles : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.painless.pc more quickly panel : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mabware.android.morequicklypanel
the keyword is : " active display " . use that in a search ( a better custimized google search here ) turns up a whole lot of good candidates ( oh , and a bunch of not-candidates , unfortunately ) . it might be useful ignoring the ones from motorola itself , as they are probably intended for their device ( s ) ( checking can not hurt , though ) . just a few picks right from the first page : active display and battery active display are two examples of apps emulating moto 's active display on other devices as i wrote , these are only the first two candidates picked up , and there are probably several more you might wish to check out for yourself . good luck !
it is simple . download the whatsapp messenger app on to your tablet . it is free for a whole year , then you pay $1/year to keep using it . by default , whatsapp is not compatible with tablets , but there is a work-around for that . . . . . . right here you can also try line , which is another messenging app . also . . . textplus has the least amount of work to setup ( it is compatible with tablets ) , but it allows you to send texts and make calls . though it is not as good as whatsapp or line i have also tried mightytext , which works just fine . not sure why it will not work for your phone . . .
in my case , the upgrade to the android 4.3 did not replaced my custom /etc/gps.conf file . it was edited by hands on rooted device before the android upgrade and stayed with the same content afterwards . answering myself : )
enable usb debugging , plug your phone into a computer via usb for a couple of minutes and disconnect . - source you can also try a faster memory card , as ^ has adviced . keep some reasonable amount of free space on phone memory , move apps to sd card if necessary . android often suffers performance issues when internal memory is low ( much like any os , really ) . if nothing else works , try a factory reset and record it again . if there are no lags , it might be because of any resource-intensive apps you have installed .
i cannot say for all apps you listed -- but for some , the following applies : some system apps ( as e.g. the market/playstore app ) have to be present in /system in order to work . for the playstore app , the reason is : the permission to install other " packages " is only granted if one of the following two conditions is met : it is signed with the same certificate as the system ( rom ) itself -- which does not apply in your case , due to the custom rom used it is installed as " system app " ( i.e. . below /system ) -- which did no longer apply in your case , since you uninstalled the app from there expecting the pre-conditions given , developers might have forgotten to include a check and implement appropriate exception handling -- which then may lead to the described force-close . similar constellations might apply to other apps/packages as well -- though i am not sure what should make the google translate app so special ( maybe it has some special hooks i missed ) . you could try to find out by following roxan 's advice , to integrate the app as " system app " again using e.g. titanium backup , and see if it still force-closes .
charging control is done via hardware to prevent ruining the battery in case of software errors . that is why ( most ? ) devices charge even when powered off . the status display that is then shown is just a " minimal os " that queries the current status from the battery charger hardware .
natively , there is no way to schedule shutdowns and boot ups of the android system . if you do decide to root there are applications in the play store that can shedule a shutdown ( you may even be able to make your own busybox script instead ) . however booting up will never be possible the way android handles shut downs because when android shuts down , it is not running . and so , there is nothing in memory to initiate any sort of startup process .
first , you can decide what data you want to sync with google . in the accounts settings , you can disable contacts sync , and so only sync your calendar data , which would solve one of your items . concerning sms , there are several backup and restore apps available on the market . the probably most popular one is sms backup and restore . second item solved . as for your apps settings , and " etc " -- that will get a bit more difficult . if your devices are both rooted , it could be done using titanium backup . without root it is almost impossible -- except for those few apps using the google backup api ( you can decide to have your " data " backed up to google servers in your device 's settings ) . as each app runs in its own sandbox , without root no other app can access its data .
a workaround at least while in the main launcher home screen is to press menu and then notifications . else get hellostatusbar and assign it to a shortcut key . you can also try status bar expander which uses a long-press on the menu key to drop the bar wherever you are . naturally , ymmv as certain devices do not support these apps .
the problem ended up being transient ; i rarely restart my phone . somehow it got stuck in ' on call ' mode , so the proximity sensor was enabled despite nothing being running . a reboot resolved the silly issue .
actually , i believe samsung has suspended the 4.3 update for now . have a look here .
as @axeman said , the connector is an ultra small surface mount coaxial connector ( quite a mouthful and still could not get how it was abbreviated as u . fl ) which is a kind of expansion port which could be used for any radio communication , including gsm , wifi , gps . and as @lie ryan said , the fourth terminal in the battery is for connecting the antennae in the battery to nfc circuitry on the motherboard . few searches in google confirmed this and gives raise to following information : those who have nfc in their phones , may lose the nfc capabilities if they try to replace with cheap and duplicate batteries which may not have the nfc antennae as said here . i am summing up all the points to make this question as answered . i was unable to accept @axeman 's answer as complete as it did not answer the nfc part and @lie ryan had added as a comment only . kudos for them both ! update : i happen to get hold of lg p500 's service manual which confirms the rf connector with the following image tagged as sw1001 .
if you use swype you can move the cursor by swyping from the swype symbol to the sym key . that brings up a screen where you can do easy cursor movements and text selection . also , you can correct words easily by double-tapping on a word ; this will bring up the word choice box .
any micro usb cable that has the capability of charging your phone does excactly that . i found a link on usb powering . the source is from 2005 but the issue remains the same . some cables do charge your device due to a sufficient power flow through the cable while others do not .
there is no option to resume . if you stop you can only manual download later . if you did not pressed stop , you could just disable data transfer and , when connected again , download will continue . if you stop , the current sync state will be sent to the server and it will be ( without the apps that were not installed ) stored as the device final state after restore . and by the way , clear market data will not help ( tested > 5 times on reflash my desire )
i used android system info app and it gave me a bit more hardware information ( cpu speed , cpu chip , etc . ) but nothing definitive about the manufacturer . . . i guess it will remain a mysterious an allwinner clone . . . thanks for the help , all . . .
usb devices are designed to use a wide variety of voltages ranging from 500ma to 1500ma and have been standardized for quite some time . you can generally plug any usb device into any usb cable and into any usb port , and nothing will blow up . using a more powerful charger should speed up battery charging , while using a less powerful one will just charge slower . a good resource for this topic can be found here . as noted in that article , the only real concern is when charging an older phone with a newer charger , as the battery might not be able to handle the higher current . in your cause your using an older charger with a new phone , so your all good .
the issue is related to , as far as i know , cyanogenmod policies . . in some countries call recording is illegal and therefore cm team has not implemented this feature . it is really annoying because the issue applies to certain ( but not all ) regions of the world . i do hope that cm developers will come up with some sort of hack in the future . for now i am using auto call recorder ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.appstar.callrecorder ) and using mic as a source . the volume of inbound audio is very low unless the mic is turned on during the call . call recording is the only feature i lack in cm . . .
each vendor is able to customize android to suite their whimsy . i am using a $250usd toshiba thrive ( os 4.0.3 ) , a curtis klu mid704 ( os 4.1.1 , and one of the rockchip clones ) a polaroid branded pmid704 and a zte phone . of all these , the polaroid and curtis have ethernet support in the settings . i am using a radio shack belkin usb-to-ethernet adapter , which is supported off-the-shelf by android . ( only the toshiba thrive has a full size type-a usb jack . the others need adapters , not available at radioshack . ) the polaroid is " broken " in that the ethernet does not work . you click on it in settings and it clicks but does nothing . the crappy $75usd curtis works , it shows me my ip and mac address in settings and i can set static ip parameters including ip address , gateway , netmask , and 2 dns servers . however , the android frameworks ( in the java ( tm ) -like language ) are broken . the connection managers only support wifi and mobile data . you can inquire about the eth0 device but can not open a connection or do anything with it . so basically , your mileage may vary from mfr to mfr , and tabbly to tabbly . good luck ! -dave
as of google+ 4.3 you can select which local folder are included in auto backup .
the error stating that the avd 's config is missing a kernel file is because when i checked the avd manager , the concerned avd had a red cross-mark against it ! once i repaired this avd i found that the error was eliminated !
make sure that your device has usb debugging enabled . what happens if you execute " adb devices " ? is it listed ?
lookout should do all , or at least most , of this for you . ( warning : market-speak follows ) your mobile device is your most personal computer . it contains your personal data including contacts , photos , video , e-mail , and text messages . backup your data and keep it safe and secure . whether you accidently delete data , your phone is lost , or even destroyed--your data is safe . you can restore any data with the click of a mouse . changing devices is just as easy and your data can be transferred in seconds .
looks like a problems with the version of swype pre-installed by samsung , have logged a bug on swype 's forums at http://forum.swype.com/showthread.php?1343-default-currency-key-doesn-t-change do not think there is anything much any of us can do now except wait for swype to fix the bug and for samsung to push out the updated version . ( just adding this as an answer and accepting to get this off the unanswered questions list , if anyone has a better solution please post and i will transfer the acceptance over )
it seems tethering on sgs2 on cm10 is currently broken , according to entropy512 on xda developer : cm10 supports tethering , however wpa/wpa2 tethering was broken on devices with bcmdhd wifi until i fixed it earlier this week . some devices may not have the fix enabled yet ( it has to be enabled on a per-device basis , since the " fix " will break devices that do not need it . )
try to force close the particular app/service that is causing this problem ( that is the app/service that is sending that message ) . and if possible , uninstall that app . if uninstalling is not possible , you may need to root your phone to either uninstall/stop it from starting on bootup/stop it from sending message .
you are ( not ) in trouble . or at least you cannot tell anymore by simply taking a look at the notification bar . with android 4.4 ( kitkat ) came a few design changes ; one of them was to turn those notification icons permanently gray , officially to be " less distracting " . so how can you tell if there are issues with your connection to the google servers ? according to an androidpit blog , you now have to check with the quick-settings , where problems are indicated by icons turned red/orange .
you can try using gosms app , which has an option to select the contact book and send an sms .
why ? when the phone signals are weak , the android os constantly scan the area thoroughly . this requires more battery power . that is the reason your phone gets so hot when you are in areas with poor reception . could it be solved ? that is the reason it is advised to turn flight mode on when you are is low-signal areas to preserve your battery life . is it a hardware problem ? yes . and that problem is common to all the android devices . so nothing to worry . why not iphone ? for the comparison with iphone , the specs of android device of each manufacturer varies from one another whereas it does not in apple deceives ( not everybody get to produce a device which can run ios , thanks to the apple inc . patents . ) as the android specs vary from device to device , it is highly likely that the battery performance will differ from device to device as well .
most android devices are not set up for peripherals ; it would take quite a bit of hacking away to get them to recognize them . that being said , since android is linux based it is entirely possible that linux drivers might work for your device out of the box . i would rate the chances of such as being very low , however . writing your own drivers is certainly possible , but again you had also need the internal framework in place for the kernel , etc to accommodate peripherals . and reverse engineering drivers is not easy ! as for your windows ce device , it is very rare for an other os to be ported for a device ( an exception to the rule : the hp touchpad ) . there is all kinds of major issues with reverse engineering from hardware specs , etc that generally keep that from happening . xda developers would be your best bet for something like that if it exists at all .
you should never mess with the system without having a backup . to get root back you can just re-flash the rom that you are using without wiping anything . this will remove whatever happened with your busybox .
you can not change this . simple solution : do not shut down your phone any more ( except when it runs out of battery ) . if you switch off your screen only , your phone will go to sleep and will not consume much power . if it still eats too much battery , consider disabling wifi , background data , sync or even switching to airplane mode . as noted in the comments the logo is only shown to beautify the startup of your phone and to not show you ugly boot messages as some linux systems earlier did and still do . showing a complex animation does require some computing power but will not delay the startup very much .
you may try to install keepscreen application from android market and configure it to disable screen timeout when your timer application is running .
in order to use those themes , you will need to use the alternative launcher adw . as it says at the top of the description : *Must have adw.launcher 1.3.1+ to use* http://www.appbrain.com/app/adw-launcher/org.adw.launcher
you need to add another file browser besides the built in gallery . astro file manager should fit the bill nicely .
google finally offers the solutions : google maps engine can solve the problem and is free available in the play store
if you can tether mobile data of your galaxy nexus over wi-fi , you have full-featured ad-hoc network . if you are not sure , install wireless tether ( root access is required ) . after connecting laptop to this MobileAP , look for ips of client and Default Gateway ( ipconfig /all cmd command works fine with windows ; fing can also be used ) . ip of Default Gateway is ip of your android device . you can use these ips in any networking service you want . it works . another approach in ad-hoc networking , it does not matter which point is broadcasting ssid . so , you can make your laptop virtual router too . connect your galaxy nexus to it and do whatever you want . to make your laptop virtual router with nas support , i would recommend you to install connectify pro ( not free ) . there is a nice free alternative too : mhotspot . after connecting your galaxy nexus to virtual hotspot created by it , you can use any networking service over it .
there is epub3 reader available on f-droid and github ( not on google play – though an app using the same package name exists there , it is not the same , but obviously based on the original developers engine ; long story behind that , not fitting here ) . its app description explicitely mentions this feature : parallel texts ( e . g . , original text and its translation into another language ) . find some screenshots here . picking one example : looks exactly like what you are after .
imessage automatically uses sms messages for contacts who do not have an iphone , so the answer is yes : you chat with them by sending an sms message . apart from using sms , there is no way for non-apple users to get messages into imessage . the protocol is closed and apple does not have clients for other platforms , nor an interface for other apps to communicate with it . they designed imessage not as a chat system in itself , but as a way to quietly redirect iphone-to-iphone sms messages to use their servers instead of the sms network .
https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/linux/+bug/1065964 please add your self to the support bug posted above . this is a known kernel regression in ubuntu 12.10 .
i can think of 2 ways you could do this . bluetooth audio adapter , like the antec bxr100 . these are generally used for headphones , but should be able to simply connect into your amp . -pros : simple , cheap -cons : bluetooth , limited range , a2dp appears to have issues on android 4.2 , possibly non-optimal audio quality dlna renderer ( mini computer ( raspberry pi ( raspbmc maybe . there is a topic on the use of raspbmc as a dlan renderer here on their forums . ) or similar perhaps ) , specialized unit ( like the ( discontinued , though still findable if you do not mind buying used ) netgear mp100 series ) , or maybe a cheap android device ) attached to your amp , getting your audio pushed from one of the several dlna server apps available for android . this is essentially the same as apple 's airplay system , only a different , more open standard which will work with more manufacturers ' devices . -pros : almost as simple , will work anywhere you can get a wifi signal , possibly better audio quality than the bluetooth , could potentially be used to move video if you wanted to in the future if your chosen receiver has that capability . -cons : more complex , possibly expensive , new audio-only dlna renderers seem to be rare nowadays .
it is motorola 's default clock widget . here is a video that shows , how can use this widget in other phones
as far as i know , currently there are no android devices with dual-sd card slots . keep in mind though that mobile devices is a huge and ever changing market . there is nothing preventing some manufacturer from releasing such a device , if they determine that there is enough demand . not sure i understand the need for a second sd card slot , though : sd cards are cheap enough to not have to worry about them wearing out . newer phones support the sdxc format that boasts capacities of up to 2tb . ( 64gb and 128gb cards are already widely available . ) even with multiple sd slots , you are still technically limited in capacity , albeit you probably will not hit that limit for a while longer . it really depends on what content you are planning on storing there . obviously you would not be able to store a large collection of blu-ray rips that take 8gb+ per file on any size card . bundling a second sd card slot would sacrifice on internal space of a handset . the trade-off would have to come from other areas , such as smaller battery or other feature . i do agree that google 's push for " cloud services " ( nexus devices do not have sd card slots at all ) is misguided , seeing how most carriers are resolved to cap and overcharge of mobile data as it is . however , seeing how other manufacturers are releasing new devices with newer sd technology , and that technology is ( arguably ) getting more and more affordable , i do not see how sacrificing on internal space would be of any benefit to even the biggest space hogs .
this property comes from during build-time and is extremely , dependant on the wifi driver , for each and every device tree that gets integrated into the build of android , there is what is called an overlay , this overlay may contain extras pertaining to the said device in question . in fact , its rather , an xml document that gets parsed during build and " overlays " or " overwrites " the standard android defaults , such as animation speed , etc . this pertinent information of this comes from the device 's overlay/frameworks/base/core/res/res/values/config.xml which contains the very exact line : from that , that is telling the build , to say , that the property wifi.supplicant_scan_interval is supported and can be used dynamically from the build.prop file found in the /system directory , which in turn , is read from the android 's native binary executable wpa_supplicant . however , it must be said , it depends on the wifi driver to support that , and how much integration of the wifi functionality is within the frameworks . to find the exact source can be found in external/wpa_supplicant/wpa_supplicant.c , around lines 2459: default here on gingerbread is 5secs , again the mileage will vary depending on the version of wpa_supplicant used , there was two versions , wpa_supplicant_6 which was broken under ics , and the newer version wpa_supplicant_8 , despite saying that , it may no longer be supported now with the newer releases .
i am now using osmand . it stores openstreetmap maps on the phone 's storage . osmand uses a vectorial format , which means it can store a lot of information without taking too much space , and is visible in all zoom factors . you can download the maps you want , for instance italy , bolivia , or any other country/region . free , open source .
based on the screenshot , you have the stock recovery . the stock recovery normally shows " android system recovery &lt ; 3e> " whereas custom recoveries tend to have their name instead . there are two popular custom recoveries both of which look quite different to the one in your screenshot clockworkmod : twrp :
they go to your download folder by default , typically at /sdcard/Download . note that this may not necessarily be a physical sd card ( e . g . on devices that do not have an sd slot it is emulated ) . from a practical standpoint , if you need to access them on your device , just open the gallery or photos app . the picture will appear in either of those as long as you have not added a .nomedia file to the download folder or something . also , opening the picture in either photos or the aosp gallery app ( possibly others as well ) will allow you to discern its physical location by opening the menu and selecting " details " .
that very much depends on how you understand the issue -- and what is intended . in this case , using a single account for all devices definitly has one big advantage : managing its apps ( installs/uninstalls ) . if the devices are defined as " school use only " or even for a single class , same applies to the calendar : all class specific events can be defined here ( in the accounts main calendar ) , so noone can say he forgot to write it down . for personal events , each user can add his/her own calendar easily -- so no problem with this either . the contacts /address book can be seen the same way : it could hold the classes contacts , plus the teachers ( as far as needed/wanted ) -- which would make it easier to organize team work . as with calendars , it should be possible for each user to access her/his personal address book additionally ( i never tried this , so i cannot tell for sure ) . so to summarize : if i did not mis-interprete your question , the answer should be a clear " yes " . i use multiple android devices with the same google account myself , and never had any problems with that .
it depends on how the android image you are using was built . when you build a rom image from the android sources , you set what drivers are included in the image , according to what target hardware you are expecting to use it with . if you got the android image from the manufacturer of the tv box , it should have drivers for all the hardware in the device . ( at the very least , it should say if anything is missing . ) if you are using a third-party image that was created for that device , again , the author should tell you which hardware is supported . if you are using a third-party image that was not created for that device , it probably will not work at all . if you are building your own android image , then you should look in the sources you are building from , to see if the hdmi driver is included ; if you do not already know how to do this , you probably should not be trying to build your own rom . you might also find can i install android on my non-android device ? useful reading .
i had the same issue , after giving up on waiting more , i restarting the phone . after reboot , the update started from where it was , and finished as originally intended . to restart the phone , hold Vol-Down + Power for a few seconds . posting answer as the op only posted solution in a comment .
it is simple : when the hardware keyboard is attached , the tray ( lower right of screen ) has a keyboard icon . click it and the top option is use hardware keyboard on/off .
i use the tasker application to change the screen timeout and brightness ( as well as the gps ) when i use maps or navigation . i turn on gps and disable timeout when starting maps/navigation and turn them off on exiting . tasker allows you to specify certain tasks that are activated when opening/closing and application . it has several other features and uses , but i find it works well for the problem you are having .
while i am not 100% sure , i do remember that this was a thing that would happen , either a function or " bug " . the issue , if you want to call it that , lies within ad ( active directory ) , or the authentication process of your account . exchange server will get your credentials from ad , and ad might let you use your old password for a while after changing , before it finally will reject your old password . of course , this will likely boil down to what server systems are at play , but it is a known " bug " that we have experienced at work . it should however not be a security issue as long as the user is the only person who know the passwords .
no . my friend got an extended battery so i tried my case with his phone -- the extended battery is really large , so it will not work . which is a shame , because the otterbox defender case is so large that a hypothetical extended battery otterbox defender would not be significantly bulkier than the current otterbox defender ( regular battery ) . if otterbox made a defender case specifically for the bionic with the extended battery , i would buy both that case and an extended battery . i guess that the market for that specific case is just too small .
unfortunately , i do not think there is a simple solution . your simple options seem to be : use google music and select a subset of music to keep offline do not use google music for offline tracks ; instead sync them yourself use the " fix incorrect match " button on the web interface to force your low-quality songs to be uploaded ( you can use gmusicapi to automate the process ) make enough noise that google devs take notice ( i am willing to bet their servers support this feature ) one last thing : i was under the impression that matching a song did not automatically get you access to a 320kbs copy . when uploading , the music manager actually provides the bitrate of your copy of the song ( here 's my code ) ; i have seen low quality ( eg 128kbs ) local copies matched and then produce a &lt ; 320kbs copy when redownloaded . so , if you have got time to burn , you could conceivably use this to your advantage : re-encoding to poor quality locally and reuploading may result in lower-quality server matches .
no , this is not an option . actually this seems like a bug as this should be controlled by the option , Vibrate on Touch under Sound in the settings . either that , or the option Vibrate on Touch should remain visible when setting the screen security option to Slide in the Security part of the settings . you may want to report this as a bug to the android team using the android issue tracker .
turns out i had to change this via the " mail settings " menu in gmail , under the general menu is a my picture menu , where you can select the image used for google + , google voice and apparently the icon used for contacts synched with gmail .
try isyncr . they have a wifi add on also .
it has nothing to do with battery life ; the number of channels is a regulatory issue ( for example , in the us , only 11 channels are allocated for 2.4ghz wi-fi ) . technically , wi-fi is frequency hopping , so the " channel " is a center frequency around which the actual transmit frequency skips . you can not disable that ; it is part of the channel sharing arrangement ( wi-fi would be unusable if every client on the channel transmitted on the same frequency ) . and beyond that , which channel your device uses is determined by what ap you are associated with , so you have no control over it .
new version of handcent with its group sms plugin does the job perfectly .
pure aosp version of android does not save clipboard data to files ; the data is stored only in ram by the clipboardservice , which runs inside the system_server process . samsung , like many other manufacturers , adds their proprietary modifications to the base aosp code ; one of these modifications is the ability to keep the clipboard history , and this history is stored in files in the /data/Clipboard directory . of course , you will not find this proprietary samsung code on other devices , or even in third-party roms for samsung devices . as for accessing the clipboard service using adb shell service call clipboard ... , you cannot do it on recent android versions , because the iclipboard interface now has security checks ( it requires specifying the package name , and the calling uid must own the package name ) . this interface is also an implementation detail and changes between different android versions .
usually , this is possible the very same way as you put cyanogenmod on your device : by flashing a rom . so before you start , make sure you either . . . have a stock rom available to flash ( see : where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ? ) have created a nandroid backup of your device immediately before you start flashing ( requires a custom recovery , see recovery-mode ) in both cases , you can return to stock rom : either by flashing a stock image ( and then start like after a factory-reset ) , or by restoring the nandroid backup ( and take off at the time you have created it , including all your apps and data ) . two things to consider : there might be dependencies between device-firmware ( rom ) and radio-firmware . so if installing cyanogenmod ( or any custom rom ) goes along with a different radio image , a return might be different ( you might need the original radio image as well ) or difficult ( in case downgrade of the radio is not possible ) . however , cases where this applies are rare . nandroid backup does not take care of your sdcard . so if you have apps installed on sdcard , you need to deal with them separately .
if you view a chat and open the overflow menu ( the three dots ) . click " people and options " you should see the " people in this hangout " . if you then click on the person you should be prompted to add them to your contacts .
no , delivery reports generally just tell you that the message has been delivered and is sitting on their phone . it does not necessarily tell you that they have been read . there is not a way to tell if its been read as far as i know .
i am not sure if this is htc specific , but this is what i need to do to get a " direct dial " icon on my htc desire . long press on where you want to add the icon hit ' shortcut ' hit ' direct dial ' select the contact you want to use ( if the contact has more than one number , you will need to pick which one ) there should now be an icon that will have that contact 's photo and a small phone symbol on the bottom right . if you hit the icon , you will immediately dial the contact .
if the phone is working normally except for the power button not responding , you most likely have a hardware issue . that is , the power button is probably physically broken . in this case , you will need to return the phone to the manufacturer or the point of purchase for a repair or replacement . before returning the phone , copy off any personal data you wish to keep , and remove the battery , sd card , sim card and any external case ; do not ship those or any other accessories back along with the phone . you may get a replacement phone , and your data and accessories will not be transferred .
what is going on is that your phone is not using your password . when you log in an oath token is issued . this is more secure , because your password is not stored on the device . it also has the additional benefit that it can automatically log you in in your browser . to deny access to your phone , remove the authentication token here . moreover starting with ics you do not need to use applications specific passwords for your phone . enter your regular google account info ; it will notice that you have 2-factor authentication enabled and open an internal browser where you can log in using your otp .
i believe this problem was caused by having swype installed to the sd card . moving swype back to the phone 's internal storage seems to have fixed the problem . Settings--&gt;Applications--&gt;Manage Applications--&gt;Swype--&gt;Select "move to phone" 
the best way i know ( using cm11 as a reference ) is to go to settings -> backup and reset and removing the checkmark next to auto restore . it may be under another heading on different roms so you may need to look around for it . it is best to do this before you do the factory reset .
the default browser is , as far as i can make out , simply called ' browser ' , and is based on the webkit rendering engine . android 2.2 and above use the v8 javascript engine . the combination of webkit and v8 make the browser very similar to desktop chrome . there is a similar question here : which is the android 's default browser ? .
for this to work seamlessly you would need an smb server on your phone . there is such an app , available via this forum thread . it needs root , and it looks like results vary by device . at least one reason why root is required is that normal users are not allowed to open ports below 1024 , whilst by convention , smb servers use ports 135-139 . an alternative is the on air ( wifi disk ) app , available in the market . whilst not quite seamless , this does give you access to your sd card via appletalk , webdav or good old ftp . i have just tested with an htc desire hd and windows xp over webdav and it appears to work well . the windows xp webdav client is a bit ropey , but that is not really the fault of android or on air : ) the on air app itself warns of issues using the built-in webdav clients for vista and windows 7 , and recommends a standalone client .
1 ) what is the code name for the sprint nexus s 4g which is a cdma phone but not a the verizon codename ? the crespo codename is the gsm variant of the nexus s ( verizon never carried it ) . sprint 's ns4g is simply codenamed crespo4g . 2 ) does that link have the proper roms for this phone ? no , those are all for the gsm crespo version . 3 ) other options ? i need to flash this back to 2.3.6 where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ? covers your options pretty well . in this case , the first heading of the answer will be a good start : google flagship updates google hosts update packages for the flagship nexus devices at http://android.clients.google.com/packages/ . you can not browse that link directly , but web search is your friend here . search for that link plus the code name of the device and the version you want ; for example , searching android.clients.google.com/packages crespo ics results in a lot of pages with this link -- the ota ice cream sandwich update for the t-mobile nexus s . searching for android.clients.google.com/packages "crespo4g" gingerbread returns a number of results . one of them is this xda thread , with a collection of links to stock firmwares .
the android os itself is not dependant on any files on the removable sd card . if you have no apps that use this file , you can safely delete the file , or even format the sd card if you want .
the cookies form the default android browser are stored in /data/data/com . android . browser/databases/webview . db . the problem is that other applications , for security reasons , do not have access to this file . since the browser application has not implement this functionality , it is not possible .
the following instructions are from androidforums . com site . the summary of the rooting procedure ( just copied and pasted - credit goes to sagarwep the poster of the procedure ) is as below : enable usb debugging on your device . to do that , go to settings > development > usb debugging . connect your device to any pc/laptop . the drivers will be installed automatically . download bin4ry for root a110 by sagarwep . 7z and unzip . run RunMe.bat from the extracted location . a command prompt with weird green letters will pop-up on your screen . follow the onscreen instructions carefully . to start off , you willl need to type in a "1" and press enter . [ note : if you ever want to unroot your micromax a110 , follow the above steps till you reach this one and then , instead of typing "1" , type " x " and hit enter . follow the instructions that appear on the command prompt after that . ] your device will reboot during the process after which bin4ry will copy some files to your device . with rootchecker you can verify whether the phone is rooted or not .
rom manager should not be a required systems app to run cyanogenmod . take a look at the steps over here to remove a system app from your phone : http://oldwiki.cyanogenmod.org/wiki/barebones something like : adb remount adb shell rm -f /system/app/RomManager.apk 
a " recovery " is a special space in the internal memory of your phone , set aside by the manufacturer to perform diagnostics and os upgrades . in windows terms , it is a rough equivalent of boot menu ( usually accessed by pressing f8 during boot-up . ) it is invisible to the phone under normal operation , and is accessed in a special way ( usually by turning the phone on while holding one or more buttons ) . the problem is that the recoveries that comes with stock devices do not allow for installation of custom roms , only firmware images " signed " by the manufacturer . in order to install custom roms ( e . g . cyanogenmod for example ) you will need to replace the stock recovery image with a custom one , made by community developers . on android there are several custom recoveries , clockworkmod ( cwm ) and amon-ra being the most known ones . these custom recoveries allow you to do a lot more things with your phone . the biggest advantage is being able to flash unsigned custom roms . other benefits include various tools and utilities for further managing the phones . one such utility is called " nandroid " . it is a backup and restore tool that allows you to take a full image of all the phone 's internal nand memory ( hence the name ) and store it on your sd card . should something go wrong with the phone 's software , you can use the previously saved backup to restore the phone to a working state . the maker of clockworkmod recovery also created an android app called " rom manager " . this app allows you to easily upgrade the cwm recovery to a new version when one becomes available for your device . it also allows you to manage nandroid backups stored on the sd card , as well as perform a slew of other useful advanced tasks . these include fixing app/data permissions , re-partitioning of the sd card right on the phone , downloading different custom roms and flashing them directly from the app . a paid " premium " version of the app has more advanced features , such as ota update notifications for custom roms that support it , etc .
i use current caller id and it seems to work ok , better if you let it connect with facebook . it is not perfect but it will help out . i also use reverse lookup . it is after the fact , but it does a good job . it will google the number and quickly add it to your phone book if you want . neither are going to get you coverage all the time but it is the best i have found .
you should be able to execute the df command from within any terminal app or via adb shell . it would list up all available file systems and their " free space " ( df stands for " disk free" ) . but you would need to know what is what there . to give you an example from one of my tablets : so just like cinderella you have to pick out the good ones , but simply can ignore the rest ( or you can take a look at android folder hiearchy to learn the important ones ) : /system is where your os and its system apps reside . rarely interesting to the end user , as it is not writable ( except you can make it such on rooted devices ) /data is your " internal storage " */sdcard* ( differs between devices and android versions ) your internal or external sdcard ( see next item ) *external* ( may be external_sd , external_sdcard , ext_sd , . . . ) is your external sdcard . if that entry exists , the one mentioned with previous item for sure is the internal one . so in my example there is enough free space available : 1 gb on /data ( internal storage ) , 3 gb on internal sd , and 26 gb on the external . as these values are yielded by the system itself , one should be able to trust them : ) remark : i ommitted some of the df output to make it better readable .
first remove the network from known list . then when you are adding that wi-fi network on your tablet use manual dhcp and enter the details from your phone . . . this should work without issues . .
adobe flash has been deprecated starting jelly bean , for reasons only adobe knows . however , there are still workarounds for installing flash . the trend in mobile ( android ) development now is using native android , or html5 . flash is discouraged , although there are still flash websites around . phones with older versions of android may be able to access them . related : why does jelly bean no longer support flash ?
solution : apparently there is a bug with this in android 3.2 . rotating your xoom will fix it .
this is the latest official ainol novo 7 fire jellybean firmware ( using the latest android version 4.2.2 ) : google translation maybe required .
raw contacts are joined according to rules described at using the contacts api : two raw contacts are considered to be a match if at least one of these conditions is met : they have matching names . their names consist of the same words but in different order ( for example , " bob parr " and " parr , bob" ) one of them has a common short name for the other ( for example , " bob parr " and " robert parr" ) one of them has just a first or last name and it matches the other raw contact . this rule is less reliable , so it only applies if the two raw contacts are also sharing some other data like a phone number , an email address or a nickname ( for example , helen [ "elastigirl" ] = helen parr [ "elastigirl" ] ) at least one of the two raw contacts is missing the name altogether and they are sharing a phone number , an email address or a nickname ( for example , bob parr> [incredible@android.com] = incredible@android.com ) . when comparing names , the system ignores upper/lower case differences ( bob=bob=bob ) and diacritical marks ( hélène=helene ) . when comparing two phone numbers the system ignores special characters such as "*" , "#" , " ( " , " ) " , and whitespace . also if the only difference between two numbers is that one has a country code and the other does not , then the system considers those to be a match ( except for numbers in the japan country code ) . automatic aggregation is not permanent ; any change of a constituent raw contact may create a new aggregate or break up an existing one . there is also explicit aggregation , that can be set for raw contacts , if a user explicitly wants two contacts to be joined . read more about it in the article .
why do you want to avoid flashing chainfire 's kernel ? from xda : this rooted kernel is for the " rooting beginners " and those who want to keep as close to stock as possible . cf-root takes the kernel from an original samsung firmware , and just adds root , busybox , and clockworkmod ( cwm4 ) recovery . rooting voids your warranty just the same as flashing does , and odin is virtually guaranteed to save you if you ignore the instructions while flashing and screw something up . you can also re-flash the stock kernel afterwards , which will remove cwm while still leaving you rooted . edit : gingerbreak apparently only worked on test devices .
changing usb port made adb recognize the android device .
unlike native apps , web apps can not access low level api of system ( to access hardware etc ) unless it is supported by web standards ( most are not supported to maintain web app portability ) . here , native web apps comes to rescue . in native web apps , web codes ( html , css and js ) run in a native wrapper code . the wrapper code is native ( can use low level api ) which contains webview to render the web app . so , it taps the benefits from both worlds ( that is why its called hybrid app ) . for example , facebook app ( in play store ) is a native web app . when you see your timeline , friends ' profiles etc in this app , you actually see webpages . but , at the same time , this app can access your camera , android 's system-wide share menu etc . another great example is google currents .
sim is a old guy , but usim ( card 's name is uicc , usim is logical module ) is new designed specially for umts ( 3g ) generation . while sim can also be used to access 3g , usim has extra advantages over sim : 3g video calls ( not supported with sim ) higher security : usim introduces new algorithm to prevent unauthorized access to phone line . plus , it encrypts your calls and internet traffic with stronger encryption keys . it stores contacts securely too . bigger and improved phonebook : usim allows you to store thousands of contacts ( limit on sim is 255 ) . each contact can now contain email id and more than one phone number . usim can run small applications like computer ( sim 's analog is simple sim menu which can not compute something by own other than communicating with carrier 's server ) .
were the apps developed using above air for android ? there seems to be a distinction between the two sdks . look at this tutorial for all the info on getting started . even if some of the info is redundant , it does have a section on deployment to the phone .
the stock android browser , as long as the website uses a file upload control it can . i just used the upload tool on twitpic , which uses flash , allows me to select audio , video or image files , and uploads them to twitpic .
similar to this question which asks about 2.2.1 , there do not seem to be any real " changelogs " made available for android updates . however , you can look at their git repository to see the commit log . here 's the shortlog for the 2.3.4_r1 tag . the summary : mostly bugfixes , and the addition of video/voice chat for the google talk app . apparently this is only enabled on the nexus s since the nexus one does not have a front-facing camera , but i do not know that for certain . in any case , the video/voice chat could probably be made to work on the nexus one somehow considering that it has already landed on the cyanogenmod codebase ( and the latest nightly builds ) , so it is more or less working on other " unsupported " phones already . i know the evo has a working implementation in the latest cm7 nightly build , though it did crash when i tried to switch to my rear camera ( not that i would really need to do that ) .
tablets have larger screens , and often more powerful cpus , than phones , which vastly increases power consumption . in order to provide the battery life expected , tablet batteries have much higher capacity than typical phones , and would charge at an unacceptably slow rate with a 5v , 550ma charge provided by a usb 2.0 computer port ( some wall chargers are 850ma or 1-2a ) . at 550ma and 5v , you are getting 2.75 watts ( volts x amps ) , at 2a , you are as high as 10 watts . charging at a higher voltage allows a faster charge while keeping the current down , which minimizes the need for heavier conductors in the cable , etc . the asus charger used with the transfomer series , for example , uses 1.5a at 15v , which provides 22.5 watts . i believe the ipad charger has similar characteristics . each of these uses a proprietary connector which provides a signal to the charger that it can safely output the higher voltage , which reduces the risk of damaging other equipment by connecting it to the higher voltage charger . the asus will charge , albeit very slowly , from a computer usb port using the proprietary cable ; the same may be true of other tablets . edit : an additional factor is the maximum current rating of the pins in the usb connector . this article states that the maximum rated current on pins 1 and 5 of a micro usb connector is 1.8 amps for a total of 9 watts . currents beyond that amount run the risk of overheating the pins .
1:you could try to use a different usb cable , as this will sometimes interfere with the hardware . 2:try connecting on a different usb post ; the individual port could be malfunctioning 3: have your phone already unlocked and turn off the screen sleep : go to > settings | then either > display settings > sleep > never turn off screen general settings > sleep > never turn off screen
have you installed any custom calling app ? i am sure that this is not the case on my default stock calling app .
i removed /data/etc/wifi , /data/misc/dhcp and /data/misc/wifi and it worked .
yes it is true . it also removes all the crap the carriers put on there as well .
according to google 's help pages on using voice within the search app , the voice actions only work for a limited set of languages : for most of these tips , you need to be using android 4.1+ in english , french , german , italian , japanese , korean , russian , spanish , or brazilian portuguese . some voice actions are not available in all languages and countries . they are not referring to the search app 's " language " setting , as that only governs language in which search results are returned . you must change the system-wide Language setting to one the supported locales under settings -> language and input . unfortunately there is currently no way to use voice actions under other locales . google however are always improving their search app , so it is possible that voice actions will become available in your country 's language soon .
it seems the method you describe is currently the only true way of doing this . however , if you press the back key , it will close the current tab once you have gone back through the history of that tab . so if you open up lots of tabs but then close each one after reading , this is a very quick method for you ( 1 click ) . if you do extensive browsing in each tab , it is not as good but still easy in that you just press one button there are many other browsers out there ( firefox , dolphin hd / mini , boat browser / mini , opera , maxathon , skyfire ) which are all great applications ( as you can tell by their app star ratings ) , albeit with different levels of integration with you google account . several support addons or plugins to provide additional functionality .
yup , it is perfectly fine . i do it regularly while playing games .
at adobe reader click on top part of screen , then you will see top toolbar . at toolbar you need 4 button from right corner of toolbar .
this is what i did in android 4.1 and gmail : open gmail tap the overflow menu ( three vertical dots ) and select settings tap the account for which you do not want to get notifications uncheck the notifications option that should be all you need to do .
this might be some compatibility issue -- despite the fact that it seemed to work fine initially . it is not the first time i read such in connection with a class-10 card . i would recommend to get yourself a class-6 ( good enough and fast enough -- only in rare cases you would really note any difference ) , maybe preferably from a different brand than the current class-10 , and give that a try . chances are very good your trouble will disappear this way .
as of android 2.0 , the system requires that apps that run constantly in the background , and that require a certain level of priority so that they do not get killed offhand ( like music apps ) , put an ongoing notification . this was to prevent abuse of requesting this level of priority without letting the user know that it is occurring . you can read about this here : http://developer.android.com/reference/android/app/service.html#startforeground(int, android . app . notification )
no . its up to the manufacturer to release new android versions for their devices . some devices will never get a new android version . only the devices from google ( nexus one , nexus s ) will get the latest android versions early and ota . the others may get the new version , but it is the decision of the manufacturer . custom roms may provide a newer android version , as the last official version that was released by the manufacturer . but this often only applies to popular devices .
we have found a tool included in aosp debug builds called rawbu : https://github.com/geekrom/android_frameworks_base/tree/master/cmds/rawbu that does exactly what we need it to do if you push it the right way . it backs up the entire data partition of an android device , though it is outdated and crashes if not executed properly since they fused the sdcard . the default directory used by rawbu is sdcard/backup . dat but since that is fused to data/media/0 this will crash on devices ever since that change . so when running rawbu you must specify data/media/0/backup . dat as the backup and restore arguement so that it knows where to backup and restore to . since the sdcard isnt backed up , only data is , this should work on newer devices . if you do not do this , it will restore the backup . dat file to itself corrupting itself while performing the restore . cons : there are a lot of hoops to jump through that i have not tried yet ( i have only tried this on a debug build , so i have not tried building and pushing it to a release build that is been rooted . ) your phone has to be rooted for this to work . pros theoretically it works it is faster than running titanium backup on each user if you have a lot of users to backup . it also restores your phone to the exact same state you had if your phone crashes . in closing it is unfortunate that there are no good methods for backing up multiple users . however with google 's new push to make multi users a stronger feature , we can hope that the adb backup utility will be improved at some point in the near future .
be patient , it can take a while for your device to show on there
hey man you can use this . notification lockscreen widget ( available for free in the google play store ) . it gives following features . view all dismissible notifications including missed calls , sms , facebook notifications , gmail , etc . launch the app directly from the notifications list . combine multiple similar notifications into one notification with counter . allow full original notification content as it appears on notifications bar .
use an alternative homescreen launcher like launcherpro or dxtop or adw . launcher or golauncher . lots of customizations and options . you will need to explore each one 's features and see which is best for you .
if your device has a directional pad ( or a trackball ) , then when you press down , the previous search key would show up in the search box and is editable .
lies , damned lies , and equipment specs . i can print up a lovely sticker that says it'll output 1000a . does not mean it'll output that . it is significantly cheaper to make a low-power supply than it is to make a high-power power supply . making the latter means you need a bigger transformer ( with heavier windings ) , larger capacitor ( s ) , larger inductor ( s ) and higher current rectifier ( s ) , all of which add up to more money . if you are trying to make stuff on the cheap and are not worried about pesky things like ethics , you will go with the lower end components and massage the specs ( by testing at low temperatures , etc . this is especially common with computer power supplies which specify output at 25c , even though they would actually operate at ~40c unless you are using them inside a refrigerator ) , use theoretical values rather than actually testing the product ( saving money on qa ) , or just outright lie about the specs , the latter of which is probably the case with this charger , for reasons below . one big red warning light that your charger is substandard is that the ce mark ( which is used to indicate conformance to eu standards ) is fake . the shape of the letters and their spacing is wrong . a real ce mark should have the letters each forming a half-and-a-bit circle and should link up if you continue the arc , as shown below . a cursory glance at the mark on your charger shows it looks nothing like this . the ccc mark ( indicating compliance to chinese standards ) is also fake . other warnings signs include having no manufacturer listed and improper capitalization ( should be ma , not ma , unless they are claiming is can supply a billion amps . ) . in essence , to determine if a charger is likely to be substandard , apply the same thoughts as you would for determining whether a product is counterfeit . the only real difference between a substandard product and most counterfeits is whether a manufacturer 's label is forged or not .
try something like this . its an app that has sorted that sort of problem for alot of people . hope that does the trick .
asssuming you mean adobe photoshop express it is set by default to only show you camera pictures . you should be able to change a setting to make it look at the rest of your phone 's storage . open photoshop express , press menu ( on ics press the ... in the corner of the screen ) , select more and then settings and scroll down to near the bottom where you should see the option show camera photos only in phone view , take the tick out of the box and press back to get back to the main photoshop express window where you should already see it filling up with all the pictures it can find .
i fixed by giving the mobile calendar the same name as its called on google . . .
" does not work outside us currently . we are working on getting a fix out . " . . . told me les vogel who is the staff developer programs engineer - googletv so i think we will have to wait .
yes there is a way . it is called foldersync . it allows you to set up folder pairs to sync and the full version even allows you to sync on changes . it also supports several other cloud services .
to charge at the maximum rate , the charger must identify itself as a charging device by shorting two middle usb pins . this is in the usb specification . proper chargers come like this . other chargers can be modified to short the pins together . i have personally modded a griffin usb car charger in this manner . before the change , it would charge in " usb " mode . after soldering together the two pins , the phone charges in " ac " mode . one caveat : i have not done any tests to see if this changes the charging rate , but it certainly charges quickly after the mod . everything i have read about this phone says that it will only pull 500 ma in " usb " mode . references : wikipedia entry regarding usb charging spec . look for the words " dedicated charging port . " amazon user review with instructions for modding a certain car charger .
in this case an os upgrade solved the issue . for someone in a similar situation without an os upgrade ( or other fix ) in sight , it might be worth taking a look at vcard manager ( which claims to be able to open all types of vcards ) or contacts vcf , which says to open any .vcf file : vcard manager and contacts vcf ( source : google play ; click images for larger variants )
i do not think there is a way in the twitter app , but if you really want that functionality , seesmic has it .
if it does not work out of the box , which is the case with many android phones , then you have a few different options : a launcher replacement which adds this feature ( may not work with all roms ) a custom rom like cyanogen mod , which has this feature built in . you can read more about custom roms here wait for an official update which adds this feature . ( may never happen )
yes , it is possible . some devices even have an official ( branded ) adaptor for doing this , such as the asus transformer tf-101 . as you surmise , though , if the tablet does not support it , external convertors are quite unwieldy and typically need their own power supply , as they typically have to buffer a whole frame at a time in order to work . newer data projectors support hdmi or even mhl input , which allows you to use any tablet or phone with micro-hdmi or mhl output , with the appropriate cable . using either method , the presentations do not have to be of what is on your screen . android 4.1 and up provide a way for apps to send different visuals to the external display from the built-in screen , so ( for example ) presentation apps can show your slide on the big screen and notes and controls on the tablet itself .
this approach will work ( provided there are no proprietary funny locks in place anywhere ) , but the recovery partition is no party to it from the very beginning . the default . prop is overwritten on bootup , copied from the boot partition , which is not a directly accessible file system . you need an image of the boot partition , which you will then unpack , make the change , and repack . assuming you know how to go about doing all that ( since you say you tried it with the recovery ) , i must warn ahead that often times it is necessary to include the base address when making the image with mkbootimg . there is no way to know when it is required , so it is safe to always include a base address . you can follow a tutorial here : www.freeyourandroid.com/guide/extract-edit-repack-boot-img-windows the script includes the od command with which you can get the base address , in case you want to make your own script . for more on the manual steps ( for reproducing on gnu/linux ) : android-dls.com/wiki/index.php?title=howto:_unpack%2c_edit%2c_and_re-pack_boot_images i do not recommend use of the unpack/repack scripts , as they have hardcoded lines not portable across cases . use split_bootimg . pl , then gunzip and cpio extract it , after which you will again use cpio and gzip it , followed by the mkbootimg command . the only exception is for mtk65xx devices , where you will need the relevant unpack/repack tools ( because they have very different offsets ; you will also skip the mkbootimg as the repack script does it for you ) : github.com/bgcngm/mtk-tools and here is an on-going example of a chinese rebranded phone going through the same thing to finally get root : forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1818146page=5 i am sorry i have to strip off proper links , but i am apparently considered potential spam . also , i have not been rather thorough because i am not really sure you had want more verbosity .
it looks like the key was holding down volume-down , power , and camera buttons until the capacitive buttons ( home , search , etc ) lit up , which was longer than until the screen flashed ( as stated in the cyanogenmod wiki ) .
no , it is because at first boot ( ie : inizialization ) , android creates a battery stat file to calibrate the battery . after the first boot , you can start android with any battery percentage . if you think that after a long time , the battery percentage is not correctly reported , you can force android to recreate the stats file with some root utilities available in the market skype/msn do draw a lot of battery , anyway , if you are using them from windows mobile , they are not running from android . you could try using greenpower or juicedefender to see if the data connection is the problem
android will always use wifi once it is connected . you just have to disable mobile data . to do so go to Settings &rarr ; Mobile network settings and uncheck Data enabled .
you could physical approaches , such as setting a fan blowing across the phone or other airflow maximization ( e . g . , if you can stand it up , then both the back and front are exposed to air ) . lastly , if it does not interfere with the radios , you could try resting it on an upside-down heavy-duty aluminum jellyroll pan ( "cookie sheet" ) which will function as a heat sink . you can combine approaches of course ; a fan blowing over the jellyroll pan will be even better . that you are getting several hours before overheat tells me you are close , so you probably will not need to do much to dissipate the heat . standing the phone up may be enough . a fan almost certainly will be .
i have no experience with this specific app , however here 's my two cents on the second half of your question . the android security model is very well thought out . android runs on the linux kernel ( a modified version ) and sandboxes every app through a variety of measures , including running each under a different user account . the biggest legitimate threat you have is installing malicious apps . most likely these will be trojans that ask for reasonable permissions ( reading your sd card , communicating with the network ) and use them for nefarious purposes . if i remember correctly , the malware prevention portion of avg works by scanning apps before you install them , much like desktop virus scans work . this is a reasonable way of protecting you , malicious apps can be added to a database and you are warned if anything you download ( from either the internet or the market ) is known to be bad . the only catch is that google usually removes illegal and malicious app from the play store within a few days of it becoming available . ( i have nothing but anecdotal evidence to back that claim up though ) so if you are installing a lot of apps from sources other than the play store , or you do not trust google to quickly catch malicious apps , installing an anti-virus is probably a good bet .
finally found solution via editing /data/data/com.android.providers.settings/databases/settings.db file via sqlite3 . just adb pull that file to your computer , if you use stock recovery you must mount userdata partition manually , in that case see android adb shell recovery mounting for hints . also you can not just pull the file directly but copy it inside adb shell to your sdcard or some intermediary filesystem . eg . busybox cp sett* /sdcard to get rid of the initial setup : yes , the device_provisioned must be present in both tables . however on the stock jb there was no global table , so you do not need to take care of it and the secure table is missing some records we update here so these need to be inserted instead . on stock jb before editing the settings . db run PRAGMA wal_checkpoint and PRAGMA journal_mode = DELETE described here : stackexchange-url otherwise updates on existing rows will not take effect because android will rollback on reboot . for cyanogenmod 11 just delete the settings . db-journal file and it should be ok . it was neccessary after pushing the settings . db file back to folder on device to chmod 660 settings.db chown system:system settings.db  in this order , because chmod may set the owner and group back to root usb otg mouse is still not working sadly , so i guess i must get access for adb anyway . to enable usb debugging ( adb ) : setprop persist.service.adb.enable 1 ('setprop persist.sys.usb.config mtp,adb' if needed)  settings . db : update secure set value=5037 where name='adb_port'; update global set value=1 where name='adb_enabled';  after booting dialog to confirm pc 's fingerprint appears . to avoid this get your adbkey . pub ( on linux may be located at ~/ . android ) : adb push adbkey.pub /data/misc/adb/adbkey.pub cat adbkey.pub &gt;&gt; adb_keys  after all of this you can input tap|swipe|text anything to control your phone and get access for bluetooth or otg mouse/keyboard etc . i hope this helps . the fingerprint injection is needed for android 4.2.2+ . thanks to xda-developers and android issues with adb security at code.google.com.
the rumored google babel may be the solution you are looking for . hopefully it will be announced/released before or at google i/o .
the info i am finding suggests that you need a 4-ring trrs connector to use a mic , and that the bundled sound recorder app will ignore this regardless and just use the internal mic , so you will need a different recording app .
if you have not tried this yet , i think you should try syncing your device . to sync the device , you tap on the settings button on the top right and select sync .
yes and it is called xposed additions - available as a free or paid version on the play store . i use it to disable the power button wake on my galaxy s4 and replace it with the " media play/pause " function and it works flawlessly .
check this article out . using m . boomeranggmail . com you can sign in with your gmail account and schedule delivery times for your emails . as of now there is not a standalone app , only the mobile web app . but it will do what you are wanting !
you can use the itravelfree app to save wikitravel pages and view them offline .
hold volume up + home + power key wait for 3 mins press volume down 3 times press power button press volume down 6 times press power key that will do a hard reset .
@roxan is incorrect , it is not safe to remove stock rom apps . if you do so , any future updates from your carrier/manufacturer will not install . a much safer method is to use an app like titanium backup to ' freeze ' the apps , preventing them from being seen by the system and running/being updated . if you really feel the need to uninstall them , you can use titanium backup to back them up first ( requires root ) . that way you can restore them from backup in the future if you need to apply a rom update .
in android development there are different logging levels . for example , there is Log.v for verbose , Log.e for level error , Log.w for level warn . all these are visible in logcat during development . then there is Log.wtf which is like Log.e except it has level assert which may actually terminate the program depending on the system . ideally , this should never happen in your app . sidenote : wtf stands for " what a terrible failure " . android docs on this : http://developer.android.com/reference/android/util/log.html
this issue solved itself over time with no changes needed .
to answer you questions : could this be caused by the screen protector ? possibly . take the screen protector off and see if the problem persists . my screen protector does not affect the functioning of my screen at all . this is going to depend on the particular screen protector ( i am sure there are cheap , bad ones ) and the particular phone ( they all have different screens and some have calibrations , some dont , some have screen sensitivity adjustment options , some do not ) . is there any noticeable benefit of using screen protector ? or are they just a waste of time and money ? yes there is a benefit , they protect the screen , and no they are not a waste of money . i have scratched/scuffed the hell out of my screen protector and all i had to do was remove it , and put a new one on and my phone was as good as new . had i not had a screen protector my phone would be unusable now , so for just a few dollars and no performance cost my phones screen is as pristine as the day i got the phone . that being said , my job and my lifestyle tend to put the phone through a lot of abuse ; o ) my recommendation : take the screen protector off and go from there . if that does not work and it is under warranty , bring it back . there are so many factors that can affect the touchscreen because it is the basis for all inputs and outputs of the device and troubleshooting can take a while . i would be surprised if it was the humidity or heat difference between indoor and out , but there are a number of different things that can change from indoor to out and if theres a bug , they may be affecting how your phone operates : gps , wifi , reception , auto-brightness sensor . this correlation could also be a coincidence . it could be a particular app that is not playing nice with android and your phones firmware . you will need to to systematically isolate the conditions that affect the problems with your screen and the ones that do not , but ultimately it could just turn out to be a bad unit .
yes , they have separate lists - you can uninstall from the tablet or phone without affecting the other device .
there is a separate downloads app , which shows a list of downloads from all apps . downloads are saved in the " downloads " directory in the sd card , which means that downloaded videos show up in the " downloads " album in gallery .
i was correct - the stock recovery was not being substituted for a custom recovery . i have since tried a number of things : first i tried installing the " freegee " app . trying to install a custom recovery resulted in the error " your devices specific software version of d80220d is not currently supported " . second , i tried following this guide resulted in the error : Loki tool v2.1 [-] Loki aboot version does not match device. 1|root@g2:/data/local/tmp # exit 1|shell@g2:/ $  what eventually worked was downloading the autorec . apk for the lg g2 d802 and installing it using adb : adb install d802_autorec . apk i downloaded the . apk from here . twrp recovery was installed successfully . more information on autorec is here .
on Contacts tab of stock contacts app , hit Options button . then , choose more ~> Display Options . on this screen , un-check Only contacts with phone numbers . then , check all accounts whose contacts you want to delete ( like facebook , all gmail groups ) . and , un-check all accounts whose contacts you do not want to delete ( like phone , sim ) . tap Save button after you finished checking and un-checking . on Contacts tab , hit Options button again . choose Delete this time . on next screen , tap Select all and then Delete button . done ! after this , again go to display options to display your contacts which were not deleted .
there are a few points to note on this . not all of them will help you on your issue , but at least explain things or point you to helpful information : some devs explain in their apps ' descriptions what they need those permissions for , others do so at least on the corresponding web sites ( e . g . in the faq ) . if they missed that , contact them and ask to have that gap filled . phone id + internet is required by most ad modules . to avoid that , check for payed versions . android apps are not really expensive , and of course devs like to be compensated for their work . the average price of 1 buck should be worth it . no real issue with the accounts stuff . for explanations , please take a look at what can an app do with the “use accounts on the device” permission ? what does permission “manage_accounts” mean ? i agree that a game rarely has a good reason to access your contacts , calendar , call lists , browser history , and bookmarks . my guess in those cases is , that in ~80% the dev simply made a " bad decision " concerning the ad module chosen ( there are some really bordering spyware ) . again , contact the dev and ask . according to a study i read a while ago , about 60% of the devs are not even aware of that issue ; being approached , they were open for alternatives ( unfortunately i do not remember the source currently ) . i also agree concerning phone calls , and even sms . they might be used for in-app purchases , but i do not think this is a good practice . further good sources can be found in our permissions tag-wiki .
a co-worker said he found a work-around with this app : moxier mail . i am using the trial right now and i like it a lot . i really like that it lets me separate my work from the rest of my tablet . it also does not fall under the security requirements . it does require a pin for the app itself and there are useful widgets . all-in-all it seems even better than the built-in e-mail app . the full version 's expensive , but my co-worker says it is worth it .
i guess this article was made for you : import/export/move sms messages from windows mobile to android . it mentions several tools to export your sms from winmo to an xml file , which then can be imported on your android device without involving 3rd party tools . it also links to more useful articles on this topic . edit : as the op commented , he was successfully using the piemaster .netguide mentioned on the page i originally linked . as suggested , i add it here in case the originally linked page is unreachable some day .
the solution to my problem was simply revoking all authorisations granted to computers already . after rebooting both my galaxy s3 and my laptop , the pop-up appeared again and i could continue the installation of cyanogenmod , which has now succesfully completed .
if the power circuit is torn , it is impossible to join it back . and definitely not with adhesive !
yes ! you should be able to clear the stock app from being the default calendar app by following these steps : go to the phone settings select apps scroll to the right two screen , to the ' all ' section scroll down until you can find calendar , click on it scroll down the page and click the ' clear defaults ' button next time anything wants to use the calendar , you will be able to select which program you wish to use .
no , the key parts of the rom would be the kernel and all the drivers for the hardware . the boot image is likely different too . these devices are not the same so you would end up , at the very least , " soft bricking " your device . even when a device is basically the same , take all of the galaxy s devices ( vibrant , captivate , facinate , epic , i9000 ) , all are basically the same device , but you cannot " cross flash " the roms between them . this is because the smallest change in hardware or boot image prevents this .
i do not see a way to do it on my droid . i am going to say that it is not possible with the stock calendar .
you need to find a wifi dongle with a chipset the device supports . each chipset requires different drivers , so you will have to find one that is supported . there a discussion thread on the site you linked to about exactly this .
when you circle someone in google+ , it also adds them in the " other contacts " in google contacts . simply de-select " other contacts " in the contacts app to remove these contacts from your view .
in facebook , you can change the notification sound from facebook > menu > settings > notification ringtone . i assume it would be the same for messenger , never used it though
you can set a navbar on your device by just adding a single line to your build . prop file . qmenu.hw.maikeys=0 also you can disable you current h/w buttons by give a # symbol before <code> key 172 home key 158 back key 139 menu </code> in file /system/usr/keylayout/Generic.kl es file exporer will automatically make a backup for those files . you can use that . bak files if you want to revert . you can edit build . prop file using es file manager app or you can try flashing zip specified here
the app definitely uses less data than a browser , because it only loads the email 's contents , while the website loads a lot of stuff along with it . the app needs to download just the gmail content and some information about it ( sender , cc etc . ) . if you are worried about data limits , then go for the app . it is both faster and uses less data .
yes .
you need to differentiate between a " hard reset " ( hover the mouse over that tag : a forced reboot/shutdown by removing power ( take out the battery , usually ) ) and a " factory reset " ( again , mouse-over : a factory reset results in a full reset of an android device to the original settings of the currently-installed rom . ) . hard-reset : here it is unlikely ( though not absolutely impossible ) to lose your stored contacts factory-reset : here it is very sure they are deleted , as all data and all user-installed apps are deleted from the device however , you can make a backup of your contacts . in the contacts app itself , when pressing the menu key , you should find a menu item for " export/import " . select to " export " , and have it save the data to your sdcard . to be absolutely safe , before doing a factory reset copy all the sdcard 's contents to e.g. your pc . after the factory-reset , you can use the very same item in the contacts app to re-import the data . btw : contacts export uses a common file format , which is understood by many other programs as well ( *.vcf which means vcard file ) . it can be read e.g. by gmail ( even the web interface ) or outlook as well . if you have your contacts synced with google , they should be restored automatically once you configured your google account on the device after the factory reset .
the advanced audio distribution profile ( a2dp ) is a source/sink configuration . in an normal scenario , you have a source ( for example , and android phone ) and a sink ( bluetooth headset/speakers ) . but in your case , the android phone would have to act as a sink to the dumbphone source . this is not currently supported , even though the phone supports the a2dp profile . one solution would be to install a custom bluetooth stack , which defines which profiles are supported on the device . this would additionally require a software component that can bypass the android framework and use the stack directly , since the framework lacks a2dp sink support . so far , no such modifications can be found .
the anonym with the vague answer is correct , just not nearly complete . for keyboard-less phones ( like my n1 ) , the trackball or trackpad can be used to scroll down the list of suggestions , and that will enter them into the text field for editing . for most phones with a hardware keyboard like your droid , use the d-pad next to the keyboard to select the suggestion for editing ( some of them still retain a trackball or trackpad ) . once you have the correct entry in the search box , tap it to continue editing . btw , i just discovered this , and it is going to make my life a lot easier .
i went for swiftkey . still waiting for czech language dictionary though :- )
upgrade to android 4.2 that fixed the problem to me and the original poster . i was getting an average of approximately 100 disconnections per day , in about three weeks . since upgrade a few days ago , there were only 7 disconnections , even with google 's location service enabled . i think the firmware update 15.0 . a . 1.31 ( based on android 4.1.2 ) introduced the problem , but anyway we confirm that it is fixed in 15.3 . a . 0.26 ( the upgrade to android 4.2.2 ) . original answer yes , i am having the same problem on my xperia l . there are other reports on the web and one of them mentioned a solution that mostly fixed the wi-fi instability in my case : settings > location services > google 's location service > disable . i was experiencing annoying disconnections about every minute , even with my gps turned off . thus i am not sure if gps satellites on that same screen would trigger the problem as well , but you may want to disable the former or both of them . disabling google 's location service mostly fixed it because there are still moments where connection gets dropped . they are hard to track down but going to wi-fi settings seems to drop connection quite often . as for the cause of the problem , what is your build number ? mine is 15.0 . a . 1.31 , and i am using android 4.1.2 as well , both of which are the latest updates available for me . i have applied this build update a few weeks ago , and i have noticed a few days ago that google 's location service was for some reason disabled , and then i enabled it . so it could be that this new build update has introduced the problem . i wonder if usage time could be related as well , in which case a factory reset could maybe help ( but i think i saw someone saying it did not ) . i would not be surprised if the wi-fi component is just raising some NullPointerException on certain situations ( location service in use , wi-fi settings , etc . ) and then recovering from it , causing the connection to be restarted . anyway , i read these days about a new build update available for xperia l , but i think it is not available here in brazil yet . i have also reported the problem on sony mobile 's forum .
it is because apple has to look only over its iphone models , which are less in number . also ios is more efficient ( runs well on old hardware ) . and google also had claimed that kitkat will support low-on hardware devices well , and it does . but the problem with galaxy nexus is that texas instruments , its soc manufacturer has discontinued socs and probably even supporting them , so google had to discontinue software support for it , because the soc manufacturer has an important role in an android upgrade . it approves the software and also provides some essential drivers , and that was not obtained in the case of galaxy nexus , so it did not get an official update from google . if you are interested in running android 4.4 on your gnexus you can look to custom roms like cyanogenmod , omnirom , paranoid android etc . this will require you to unlock bootloader and root your phone .
you can connect your android device to your plasma television with an hdmi cable . ( though i would not suggest buying it from ebay . ) 1 sound should come from your television , i will bet . make sure the android hdmi adapter is compatible with your device first .
as it turns out , my sd card was failing . i have since replaced it and all pictures are fine thus far .
i ended up figuring it out , but it took a lot of research and time . here 's what i did , probably not exactly like this since it took me a few tries to get right : root your phone . download the koush bootstrapper/loader and install it onto your phone , via their site or the android market . go to team defuse 's website to download the fission 2.2 zip file . put this on your sd card somewhere . boot into koush , apply the bootloader patch , and then reboot into the bootloader . clear cache/data , mount /data and /system , clear cache/data again , install update , select zip file on sd card , once that is done , clear cache/data again , and then reboot . you should then boot into a fresh install of " vanilla " froyo android . no apps . no settings . and best of all , no motoblur ! . . . i think i got all that right . if i missed something , let me know .
found the problem . it is not that picasa was not there as a share option , but rather it was not visible . there were too many items installed that offer this intent , and the gallery application does not have a scrollable menu . this is apparently a known bug and it is been there for quite a while so it does not look like it is going to get fixed either . i now use a different application for sharing to picasa .
android shares very little with a typical linux distribution . in fact , this is where richard stallman 's " gnu/linux " distinction comes in handy — android is not really a unix-like general purpose operating system with a linux kernel . it is a new system which happens to use the linux kernel . this goes all the way down to its own custom libc implementation ( called " bionic" ) , which does not necessarily attempt posix compliance . this article from zdnet covers a talk which gives a pretty good overview of the system , and although it is a couple of years old it is still basically correct and helpful .
what are the bt yahoo ! mail settings for outgoing and incoming mail servers ? incoming mail ( pop3 ) server : mail . btinternet . com with port 110 outgoing mail ( smtp ) server : mail . btinternet . com with port 25 account name/login name : your email address ( including the "@btinternet.com" or "@btopenworld.com" part ) password : your bt yahoo ! password step-by-step online step-by-step instructions to help with your email setup .
i only could reset the phone . . cannot remove the encryption .
the answer to this question will likely vary from device to device because cyanogenmod focuses their efforts on popular devices , and older phones do not get as much love and attention . from my research , success with the pebble also then varies per device ( source 1 , 2 , 3 ) . some people have had success and never encounter a single issue . others have connectivity issues ( not connecting , connection drops , etc . ) or battery draining problems . suggested solutions are : flash a different kernel try any other aftermarket android project ( aokp , pacman , slimroms , paranoid ) conclusion : you will probably need to flash the rom ( s ) and test it yourself . always backup first . copy that backup to an external device , just in case . it more than likely that it will work without any hiccups . if for whatever reason you are not satisfied , then you can always restore to your backup . sidenote : your statement that " cyanogenmod does not include ' features ' which are in the normal android operating system " is incorrect . from cyanogenmod 's about page : based on the android open source project , cyanogenmod is designed to increase performance and reliability over android-based roms released by vendors and carriers such as google , t-mobile , htc , etc . they use the same android source code as any other vendor , except that they actually improve and enhance the android user experience . they do not remove standard features and services . i think of cm as what android should be , but thats debatable .
yes mms can send png files . even if they change the extension , it should not matter as long as the mime type is in tact . and even if that is different , the image has a specific " header " that should be read by the mms app . afaik , android does not change the extension , or the mime type . ( at least the stock mms app , and the galaxy s app ) but that does not mean it will work with other phones . they might not have the ability to view the file type .
i have succeded in rooting the karbonn smart tab 7 and am apparently the first person on the net to do so . in your face karbonn technical dept . . i have been using it only for a few hours now , and it is working fine ( edit : i have been using it for 4 months now and it still works fine : ) - august '13 ) . here are the steps for any other wanderer in the same plight as i was : the first step is a warning to all users , please be aware of the consequences of rooting before doing so . it should work perfectly , but just to be on the safe side , back up all you data . connect the tab to the computer and enable mass storage mode . also keep in mind that the karbonn smart tab 7 has internal memory and an internal storage card . the internal one cannot be used for the purpose of rooting . you need to put in an external micro-sd card . when you connect the device in mass storage mode , the internal sd card 's name will probably be novo7 . download this file and put it in the root of the external micro-sd . put the tab in recovery mode . for those of you who dont know how to do this , switch off the device and hold the volume down and power buttons till is says " android is upgrading . . . " , and then release the power button but keep holding the volume down button . click on " apply update from sd card and select " crystal_root . zip " . it should install . now reboot it and it is done ! ! ! you can check if the rooting process has been successful by downloading the root checker app from the play store . the app is ( obviously . . . ) used to check if the root is accessible . you will also find that the supersu app has been installed automatically . enjoy ! ! ! p.s. please vote me up ( i would love that ) and also thanks to @izzy for giving me a heads up on how this stuff works .
you should contact gameloft . they officially support the acer liquid for that game , and thus should be able to help you ( or at least take a bug report ) . they do not specify which versions of the liquid they support , so it could just be that they have not tested on the metal .
if you use the swype keyboard , holding the space key gives you a tab . smart keyboard pro also has tab , press ?123 twice for it . reference : http://androidforums.com/android-applications/151563-softkeyboard-tab-key.html
i found that number saver is the closest to a solution . it adds an icon to the notification area when on call and will even automatically switch to speakers when run during a call
got it , went snooping into handcent messaging settings and turned off pop up and notifications .
no , do not try to do this , or you will brick your device . shv-e160l and gt-n7000 have completely different processors ( qualcomm snapdragon apq8060 for shv-e160l , and samsung s5pc210 for gt-n7000 ) ; e.g. , see this comparison . there are some custom roms for shv-e160l in the xda-developers section for at and t samsung galaxy note i717 ( this device is closer to shv-e160l , but also not 100% compatible , so look carefully and use only roms which are made for shv-e160l ) .
some parts of the sdk are the same between windows , linux , and mac , and some are not . the developer tools , such as adb , fastboot , and hprof , are native binaries so they are different for each os . the emulator too is different for each os . the android system images for the emulator are the same between the different host oses , so you do not need to download these again . the android.jar files containing the android framework library itself are also the same between the different host oses . it has to be this way because the jar files are compiled into your app . if you are not sure what to update , it is probably best to just start a fresh installation of adt . that way you are sure to end up with a working version , and there is no risk of failing to update something you should have , or mimatched versions . it might seem that you are wasting time by downloading some of the same things again , but at least you will be able to trust your tools . if you try and frankenstein your installation to save downloading , then even if you manage to do it right , you will suspect it is broken every time you have an unusual bug , and you will waste more time in the long run .
i use smestorage . i actually use 2 storage clouds on it . my home webdav server and skydrive . my files physically reside on my home webdav server and on skydrive . i have a phone to skydrive folder sync setup through the smestorage app for some docs/files . smestorage has the ability to encrypt files uploaded to it and then decrypt on the fly from the client , which suits me . it uses aes-256 and does not store the private key so if you lose the key your stuffed but again this approach suits me .
wakelock detector should show you if there is one ( or more ) apps keeping your phone awake overnight . you could also ( if you are rooted ) try betterbatterystats . it is a paid app but it can be found on xda if you want to try it out ( the thread was started by the author ) . i have included their message on why they make it available free on xda below . betterbatterystats is available on the android market for what i believe is a fair price . if you like my work and want to support me please fell free to show your gratitude by buying the app .
i would start by trying the android contributors google group . here is a thread on reviewing googles own catalan translation work , for example .
error "-18" ( see the previous-to-last line of your log ) is a typical app2sd error . trouble is , there were remains from a previous install left on the sdcard , and now the package manager cannot create a file with a name already existing . there are two possible approaches : if the app is already installed , and you are trying to update : move it back to " internal storage " ( e . g . via settings→apps , scroll to the app , open it is entry , and use the corresponding button ) . then try to update again . once succeeded , optionall move the app back to sdcard otherwise : attach the card to your pc using a card reader ( or , if you have root access , use a file-manager with root support , e.g. es file explorer ; without root , android will hide the folder you need to access ) . in the root of the card , you should find a folder named .android_secure ( note the leading dot ! ) . navigate into it . watch out for a file named smdl2tmp1.asec ( see the corresponding error message : Failed to create container smdl2tmp1 ) , and remove it . if you had used a cardreader attached to your pc : unmount the card safely , and put it back to your device . try installing the app again , it should work now . reading the log again , it looks like the cause was a little different here : executing /system/bin/newfs_msdos failed: No such file or directory is where the trouble starts . the system was unable to create a " handler " to deal with the fat file system on the sdcard , thus could not access it ( ASEC FAT format failed (I/O error) ) , and then could not deal with the " smdl2tmp1" container because of that . in short : it looks like there is a binary missing ( or it is there but lacks the appropriate permissions ) .
specific solution for my problem is to install rescan sd application from market and launch it after uploading music through webdav .
you need odin in order to install cwm without root ( or conversely , you need root to install cwm without odin ) . cwm does not root the phone . you do not need root for clockworkmod recovery , though you do need root for the rom manager app . edit : you can not install unsigned packages with the "3e " recovery , which was part of some official update packages ( most froyo ones and presumably all gingerbread ones ) . this prevents one from flashing a custom rom , kernel , modem , or recovery through the stock recovery ( since they are not signed by the manufacturer ) . the way to get around this is normally to use odin to flash a custom rom or kernel with a custom recovery . i am not sure if flashing a signed update to an older official rom , with the older recovery , would work ; it might say it is older than your current version and fail , or it might just work . i have never been able to try it , and i am familiar with odin anyways .
i am pretty sure it is just that the app is buggy . push messages have never worked right for me either . the latest version of the facebook app ( released in the last week or two ) is better , but not perfect .
i had faced the same problem myself . system settings > device > accessibility > services . something in there is set to on . switch it to off and you will be ok . i had the same problem because i had an application set to on . instant fix !
open hangouts and make sure you are on the conversation list page . choose the menu dots in the upper right and choose " settings -> sms " and there should be a check box a few spaces down for " vibrate " under " notifications " let us know if that works !
absolutely ! you can either download a ready made one - like kws - android web server or write your own - here 's some code to integrate in to your project or just use as is
after hours of searching on the net and string of emails with the customer care i received a call from a member claiming to be from the technical team . the end result of the call was that there is no hdmi setting in the settings panel and the only way to display content on to the tv using hdmi is through the stock " vortex " player , which basically has no options than to change volume , display mode and the tracker . i could not find any info on this player 's version or if there is any update for it that could help . also my search for some effective alternative like realhdmi for droidx almost has hit a dead end . marking this as answered to serve as information source for people who buy this product and hope i might receive some effective alternatives in the future .
not all rfid systems are compatible with nfc . nfc uses an rf frequency of 13.56 mhz ( so-called hf ) , but there are other common rfid systems that use frequencies in the range of 100-150 khz ( so-called lf ) or 860-960 mhz ( so-called uhf ) . your key may belong to an lf or uhf system . another possibility is that your key is part of an hf system , but uses a command set or an rf modulation scheme that is not compatible with nfc .
try the free os monitor by eolwral . you can see every physical or logical network interface with associated ipv4/6 and mac addresses as well as total rx ad tx . also has open connections and more , pretty awesome app for free if you ask me .
it removes the app 's entry from the /data/data/com.android.vending/databases/localappstate.db database : i am not aware of it making any other modifications to the filesystem ( it does not touch library.db insofar as i can tell ) , but it is possible that there is some other magic behind it .
i expect the same way as any other update . Menu | Settings | About phone | System updates if it tells you that " your system is currently up to date " then your carrier has not released the update for your phone yet . ( they usually do staggered rollouts so as not to overload anything . )
i think My Files does not allow you to create files . you could try a 3rd-party app like file expert though ; this app lets you create both files and folders .
i have managed to deal with this problem by performing a " soft reset " . hold down the power button for around 30 seconds , the device should start a soft reset ( i.e. you do not lose any data/settings etc . ) and reboot . -- why it blocked and prevented me from performing a screen unlock remains to be explained .
easy tether from mobile stream should work . it is a way to share your internet connection with another device via usb . get the lite version ( does not support https , or tethering to gaming consoles ) or the full version . supports windows 7/vista/xp ( 32-bit and 64-bit ) , mac os x 10.7/10.6/10.5/10.4 , ubuntu 10.4+ and fedora 13+ full version supports the following : tether ps3 , wii , xbox via pc internet connection sharing , you need a computer for game console tethering .
your device is not rooted at all . without su binary , you can not assume command as root .
i had the same issue . found this solution on another site : open " settings " app go to " sim card manager " tap on " data service network " choose the sim as the data sim note that only the first sim slot supports 3g internet . so if you want to use 3g you must plug your 3g sim in the first slot .
try pressing the power button for > 30 seconds . if it does not work , try to alternate power sources ( pc/laptop usb port , and ac adapter ) while repeating step #1 . still no go ? you may have to remove back cover and reconnect battery . warranty case . ( source )
" alert " will cause a new window with the event details ( or a list of events with their info , if more than one ) to pop up on top of the active one and take focus when the reminder occurs . it also puts a notification icon in your status bar tray . the " status bar notification " setting causes the status bar icon to appear but does not automatically bring up the details dialog .
engadget has just reported that the nexus s is having issues with random reboots ( http://www.engadget.com/2011/02/15/nexus-s-suffering-from-random-data-loss-reboots/ ) and apparently fixes are coming . to see the log you can get the following app : alogcat
you might want to take a look at andmade share -- an app that claims to replace your share list with a completely customizable one , as the following screenshots show : as you see , you not only can get rid of unwanted entries -- but also re-organize the order of those left , so you can have your most-used on top .
once i unchecked automatic date and time and automatic time zone on date and time settings , everything worked perfectly .
the android implementation of talk-to-text sends your voice to google 's servers , parses your speech into text , then sends the text string back to the handset . without access to the internet , it is unable to transmit your voice data to their servers .
each user account has its own lockscreen settings , so the easiest way to do this is to simply use a password lockscreen for each user . in fact , you can use entirely different lockscreen security for one user than you do for another ( e . g . one could use a pattern , one a pin , one a slide lock , etc ) . to set this up , select a user and unlock the device , then go into settings => security => screen lock and select the " password " option ( you could also use pin or pattern , of course ) . set the desired password , then lock the device . repeat this process for each of the other user accounts to set up individualized passwords for each one .
i have found a solution to fix that . i went to system settings > motion control and there i had " video set to pause when looking away " . after disabling that it is not auto pausing anymore .
in short , never ever back up system apps and settings from one handset and restore to another , that is exactly what happens ! : ) mismatches with system app 's key signature conflicts with another 's rom 's key signature , and variants of settings as well may not exist on the other , all of those can lead to breakages such as what the op is experiencing . the only way to get that back , is to perform a factory reset to restore everything back to its original state .
afaik the different partitions are identified by their ordering on the sd card . therefore the standard fat32 partition comes first , followed by the app/data partition ( usually ext3 or ext4 ) . sometimes a swap partition follows as third partition . if you use the same partition pattern ( number of partitions and partition types ) on the new sd-card there should be no problem . the partition sizes should not play a role - as long as you do not reduce the size . just partition the sd-card , format the partitions and copy your data from your old sd-card over to the new .
you might want to use some package inspector like e.g. app detective to see what receivers the app in question has set up . most likely it is acting on some broadcast , such as e.g. " sdcard mounted " , to check for media , or " network changed " to check for other dlna services . if your device is rooted , you might be interested in apps like rom toolbox or autorun manager , which allow you to disable selected receivers , or even freeze the entire app . without root , you can try whether that app can be disabled in settings → apps . it is either running for nothing or ( these days it is no longer called " paranoia" ) working for somebody else , if you do not use it yourself .
i have done sort of the reverse -- installed a us t-mobile rom to my t-mobile phone while i had it on the canadian rogers network . since the legend is also a gsm phone like my vibrant , i would expect yours to work just as well as mine did . just make sure you have your sim card in for the whole process .
indeed . since you are rooted , i suggest you use the freeware sytrant . it also allows you to choose which time server you wish to sync from as well as allowing a user to specify a daily interval at which the time can be updated automatically .
native binaries ( as the mkfs.* tools are ) need to be compiled for the platform they should run on . so if you take the mkfs.ext3 from your ubuntu workstation , which probably is either x86 or x86-64 , it will not work on your android device , which most likely uses arm architecure .
well , now you can remove the unwanted apps from your market website as well as from the market history . all you have to do is delete from your all apps list . goto your play store app and select My Apps then swipe the screen to your left to see the ALL apps list . just click the crossed circle icon ( pointed with the green arrow ) to remove the desired app . make sure you have uninstalled the app before removing . you can uninstall the apps directly from the all apps list as well . note : it seems that this list only contains market installed apps . ( i.e. . apps other than user installed .apk apps )
you are right . sleep mode is something from motorola , not from android . so , cyanogenmod ( based on the stock rom ) does not have this option . it has several other options , and you just need to find something close to it . you could try airplane mode , which turns off all connections ( wifi , bluetooth , cellular , nfc , etc . . )
the issue is solved . afaicu , there was possibly a problem with android update hosting site or somewhere on a trace to it , because the device was connected to and was capable of browsing internet without a problem , including google.com. after some time , even without updating the progress indicator , the device displayed Install &amp; Reboot button . after this all goes well . so , the answers are : android provides cumulative update to 4.4.2 , at least for nexus 7 ( 2013 ) . android should improve the way how it shows status information . if it encounters some problems with downloading an update , it should output something like " connection timeout , trying to reconnect . . . " instead of just " downloading " all the time . also the progress indicator may have a bug preventing it from proper ui update in similar sitations .
a locked bootloader means that you will not be able to install software updates ( or flash recoveries , roms ) that has not been signed by the manufacturer/carrier . so the answer is " yes , you can flash an unsigned rom but it will not get loaded by the locked bootloader " .
this is due to the fact that by default non google-play applications are blocked by default in android , as a security measure . to allow these to be installed go to ( this may vary in wording across android versions ) Settings &gt; Security &gt; Unknown Sources this allows things to be installed that are not form the known ( google play store ) source . you can , in later versions , set only the inital install to process or allow any further ones to install . in android it is similar to this ( slight variety in different versions ) on the kindle it is slightly different :
currently , you can side load the flash player on a 4.1 device . meaning you have to download the apk file and install directly from the device , or with adb . there is no guarantee that flash will work at all in the future . not only is adobe dropping flash support for android 4.1 , no new installs for any version of android will be allowed for the flash player app from google play after august 15th . i hope that this actually means that adobe is moving closer to making flash " export " to something that modern browsers can all run , like using the html5 canvas . flash on android has always been pretty limited . it is only real use was for playing flash video , anything else i ever tried to use it with was buggy and laggy .
on all my android devices ( 3 htc phones and an asus transformer ) , if you sign off gtalk manually ( gtalk/menu/exit ) , gtalk does not reconnect again until you do it manually .
you cannot just install cyanogenmod on any rooted device . it has to be one of the supported devices . there a lot of differences between builds of android and cyanogenmod for each device . they have different chipsets , gps , cameras , etc . they are always looking for other people to help support new devices though .
usb otg stands for usb on-the-go . this allows your phone to use usb devices ( e . g . mice , keyboards , external usb drives ) through a microusb to usb adapter . the mhl adapter allows your device to connect via hdmi to a tv or monitor . the statement that it can power the device just means that it can both charge/power the phone and allow hdmi output via the mhl adapter . to get that power , though , it requires your power cable to be connected , as hdmi does not provide power . not all mhl adapters can do this .
the apk file is also generated in the bin folder of the project after running the app at least once . i have copied the apk file from the bin folder and installed it successfully on three different phones without any problem both copying directly on phone memory or sending it via email .
thanks to eldarerathis comment . indeed , i was able to set needed resolution by modifying kernel boot parameters . instead of video=-16 in kernel boot options i use video=uvesa UVESA_MODE=1024x768 and all is working in native monitor resolution ! more detailed description is here ( in russian language ) .
install avast . enter its firewall section ( requires root access to work ) and allow/deny apps in roaming column ( wi-fi and home cell access will be untouched ) . avast 's firewall provides two modes : block selected and allow selected . choose any as per your requirement . use my data manager if you want to track data usage of individual apps . it has dedicated roaming section . it can help you in creating firewall rules or lowering data usage of important apps .
i also had this issue . i am using lg gt540 . when using default lg home screen , i can change the lockscreen wallpaper . but if i use any other launchers the option is not there . now what i am doing is : i will switch to lg homescreen just for changing the wallpaper and then will switch back to launcherpro . you should do something like this . i know this is not the answer you are looking for ; i am just giving you some hints .
those " analyze board " links are coded to open a popup window using javascript . your desktop browser ( using an extension ) is overriding this default behaviour it would seem , in order to open in a new tab instead . those links are not programmed in a particularly accessible way unfortunately - if you do not have javascript enabled you get nothing . under google chrome on the desktop for instance i cannot avoid opening a popup window , it simply does not work if i choose to open the link in a new tab ( i get a blank page ) . having said that , using the default browser on android 4.0 , does open a new tab when those links are clicked - i do not get a floating popup window . i would have said that the problem is a combination of the website ( not being accessible ) and of the default browser on your mobile that is unfortunately unable to deal with this situation . can popup windows be controlled in the browser settings ? in some cases you could disable javascript on the mobile to get around this , but on this website if you did that you would get nothing ! edit : you mention that you do not have much room on your device to install an additional ( full blown ) browser . have you considered perhaps opera mini ( 858kb ) or dolphin mini ( 1,014kb ) - these have a reduced storage footprint .
using jit ( just in time ) compiler ( e . g . installing froyo , gingerbread , or " frozen eclair" ) will typically increase cpu-bound processes by 3-5 times . if your device use fat , rfs , or ntfs filesystem , your device might be faster by converting to ext2/ext3/ext4 filesystem . however , if you want to prolong the lifetime of your internal memory , use yaffs2 filesystem .
when unofficially modifying your phone , nothing is safe . . . but if others say it worked , give it a shot . just keep in mind that anything can go wrong , so back up your data and have a plan b for recovering your system . edit : plan b ( how to recover your phone ) : recovery software : http://www.archos.com/faq/index.php?action=artikelcat=120id=301 stock rom : http://update.archos.com/afmv1/storage//files/full/a40ti/20130922.101129/ota972121_8916_v007049.zip
right-click on that " samsung_android " and select Uninstall . then make sure the Delete the driver... option is checked , and click the OK button . this should clear out the old drivers from the system . now unplug the phone and try uninstalling and re-installing kies . reboot the pc and try plugging the phone in again . if you are on windows 7 64-bit , you may be able to bypass kies software by installing this driver ( remove the " samsung_android " from device manager again before installing the driver . )
i have used dolphin hd for some time now , but every time i try to compare its features with dolphin mini i get frustrated , there is no clear documentation everywhere . that said , dolphin mini is a version of the browser that is optimized for velocity and reduced resources use , so i came to the conclusion that dolphin hd is the right path to go if you have a terminal with decent resources ( 700mhz o more powerfull processor , 512mb of ram or more , 800x400 resolution , etc . . . . ) while the mini version is here to that ones that do not have this kind of terminals or that prefer a more faster browser even at the cost of missing some features . so with the two versions being free i choose dolphin hd if the terminal is powerfull enough to allow you to maintain 3 or more tabs open an user flash .
in the context of android , more ram means android can keep more sleeping program in the ram so they will be ready to be quickly resumed when you return back to the apps . more ram means android is going to spend less of its time killing and reloading apps from the internal memory/sd card , and instead spend more time doing actual work you care about . this means that more ram usually give you better/faster task-switching . also , more ram means your homescreen is less likely to be killed ; and you will not experience that 10-second-wait-that-feels-like-forever . having more ram also allows you to run complex apps that naturally requires a lot of memory , e.g. photo/video editor , complex games , etc . a higher cpu is able to calculate things much faster , while this might look tempting at first , it is notable that most programs -- except for games and synthetic benchmark and possibly flash-heavy webpages -- are i/o-bound and not cpu-bound ; in other word , most programs are waiting for network transmission , flash storage reads , dma reads , touch event processing , etc to finish , instead of waiting for some calculations . in cpu-bound application , increasing cpu speed can mean less latency between touching the screen and the screen updating to reflect the touch event . however , up to a certain point , there will be no longer any noticeable benefit of adding even more cpu ; beyond a certain point , the input turnaround will be much faster than our own brain 's turnaround time ( approx . 100-200ms ) and we will not be able to perceive the benefit of adding even faster cpu . also , note that input-to-output turnaround time depends on a large number of other factors , e.g. the latency of the cables , speed of the bus , etc . second , having some extra cpu time to spare also means that android can assign those spare cpu cycles to background processes , so background processes can run better . summary more ram : better task-switching can run more complicated apps or open larger/more complex files more cpu : faster turnaround between input and response ( less lag ) on cpu-bound apps better background processing in short , both are equally important ; your own personal usage pattern will determine which is more valuable for you . if you generally stays in a single program and is sensitive to input-to-output latency then having faster cpu will be more valuable for you ; if you constantly task switch between many different apps or if you need to run complex memory-hungry apps to open complex large files , then having extra ram is going to be more valuable to you .
a possible solution is to reset all the defaults : Settings &gt; Apps &gt; Menu &gt; Restore App preferences (or something, I have a Dutch version installed) 
use wifi tether app to create wi-fi hotspot . it features access control using which you can allow/ deny clients to use mobile data .
my phone will not sync if i have low space warning in my notification bar . i have cleared out the data of a bunch of apps which were hogging my internal memory and as soon as i had cleared the low space warning my phone sync'd !
from android 2.0 exchange support was added and this included multiple exchange accounts . http://developer.android.com/sdk/android-2.0-highlights.html the highlights there mention " handset manufacturers can choose whether to include exchange support in their devices . " but all the the higher end devises ( galaxy s , nexus one , htc desire etc ) will most certainly support it .
just kill the apn connection settings . somewhere under settings . and there is actually a switch for mobile internet . disable that as well . worked like a charm for me . if you can not find it , add the power savings widget to your home screen , it has that option
resistive touch and capacitive touch will operate the apps the same way , the same way a laser and a mechanical mouse are two different technologies designed to do the same thing for the user . both have their advantages and disadvantages , for instance try using your capacitive iphone screen with gloves or finger nails , it wont work . a capacitive screens are known to be more accurate in general , although some nokia n900 users would argue that point . if you are buying a cheap tablet , i would not expect a resistive screen to be as accurate or responsive as a capacitive screen used on most mainstream models out there . you should be able to pan zoom even if the screen only supported "2 points " multitouch i would not stress about that . all pdf viewers will be compatible its a matter of trying a few out for yourself one by one , probably start with the official adobe pdf reader and go from there , everyone will have different tastes in what they want from a pdf viewer app . keep reading if you are still interested , http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/touchscreen#technologies
some people are reporting success by simply wiping data and cache first , then flashing the rom , wiping cache again , then flashing the gapps package . thread on the cm forums here ( from cm 6.1.1 , do not know if it is a related or similar problem , though ) . the flash might not work on a 2 . x release of cwm . you can get 3.0.0.5 here , but i do not know how stable it is right now . the filesystem changed to ext4 in gingerbread and i know the 2 . x releases are not really supported on other devices . they also changed from one update scripting language to another , which i think is related . it creates generally weird behavior from what i have read . . . edit : also looks like you can get cwm 3.0.2.8 from the cyanogenmod forums now . some relevant discussion can be found on xda here ( from the desire hd section ) . edit : since bryan noted that this solved it for him in the comments : it is also possible to simply push the apps manually onto the system partition . the safest way is probably to boot into recovery , then just mount /system as rw and adb push the . apk files to /system/app . you probably could do it from a regular boot ( not in recovery ) but it might cause some weird behavior ( and i have not personally tried this ) .
settings > language and keyboard > samsung keypad > auto-capitalization .
from everything i have read about this topic , it is possible to do on a linux machine , but not with a windows machine . this could be because of something with adb on windows , or the usb drivers for windows . here is the info ( note that this reference was done with a nexus one ) : requirements : android 2.2 ( or an older version with a root tethering app ) adb from android sdk , or a rooted android 2.2 with terminal in root mode step 1: device : connect usb cable and activate usb tethering . you should see on linux new network interface . step 2: on linux computer , setup a bridge : usb0 is the new network intreface eth0 is the main interface connected to internet ( or a gateway ) $ sudo ifconfig eth0 0.0.0.0 $ sudo ifconfig usb0 0.0.0.0 $ sudo brctl addbr br0 $ sudo brctl addif br0 eth0 $ sudo brctl addif br0 usb0 $ sudo ifconfig br0 up $ sudo dhclient br0 see network connection bridge help to setup bridges step 3: setup usb0 interface of your phone . you have to options : from your computer , execute : . /adb shell netcfg usb0 dhcp or in a root terminal on your phone , type : su netcfg usb0 dhcp you should now be able to connect to internet on your phone using your computer 's internet connection . try to do a ping www.google.com to be sure step 4: to shut down the reverse-tethering , first unbridge interfaces on your computer : $ sudo ifconfig eth0 down $ sudo ifconfig usb0 down $ sudo ifconfig br0 down $ sudo brctl delbr br0 $ sudo ifconfig eth0 up $ sudo dhclient eth0  then on your phone , uncheck the usb tethering option
shark/sharkreader in market ( tcpdump frontend )
i browsed a bit on android market and then i pushed another file from the zip downloaded . it is named MarketUpdater.apk . that is what updates the market to play store ! tried starting from scratch and pushed market updater too ! so it was play store right when it sat in .
what you are referring to as html5 is not that . dom storage is not a feature of html . so lets address the questions now . does android natively have good support for fully-functional html5 offline apps ? there're several versions of android out there and thus each of the stock browsers implement a varying set of the different specifications . one way to find out if the feature that you depend on is supported is to use a website like html5 test to compare the different versions . also make sure that do not forget opera mobile and chrome users . by fully functional i mean without artificial limitations on html5 features no browser limits features artificially . at most it is not implemented . for example a limit on the size of offline storage would make many potential applications impossible . you are severely mistaken here . the limit is in the specification of dom storage . it is intentional and unlikely to change . you do not want apps taking up hundreds of megabytes of space do you ? also , please post examples of html5 offline apps that work well on android . sorry , i do not use any . without more details this is as much as i can tell you . for further reading refer to the documentation available on the mozilla developer network .
i tried the exact same procedure , with odin 1.84 but on w7 x86 instead of w7 x64 and it went just fine . at the first attempt , i successfully flashed my device with a stock rom . your answers are all right , and black magic or not , for my particular issue i think the answer is use odin1.84 with a 32 bit system .
you may be talking about button savior , but even if not , this app allows you to trigger click on your phone buttons : relevant features with or without root simulates : home key power key volume key camera key call key
beware : the instructions are for clean installing an os . that means all your data will be permanently lost . if your phone was previously rooted it will be brought back to an unrooted state ( whether you want it or not ) . please , remember to make backups of any important data on your phone . it will be lost . 1 . turning on usb debuging turn on usb debugging on your device : go to system settings / developer options and check " usb debugging " . 2 . fastboot you will need the fastboot tool . it is an official google command line tool intended for developers . you can follow the official instructions for installing the tool , but they are pretty complicated . if you are on mac os x or linux you should probably do what i have done and use the adb-fastboot-install open source tool . just download it , unzip it and use one of the following command line instructions ( depending on your operating system ) : sh ADB-Install-Mac.sh  or sh ADB-Install-Linux.sh  obviously while doing that you need to be inside the directory containing those files . there are plenty of instructions on how to install fastboot on windows ( for example this one ) . see also user17512 's answer for an alternative method for windows users . 3 . going to device 's fastboot mode you need to connect the device to your computer using a usb cable and then access your device 's fastboot mode : on nexus s : turn off your phone . press and hold volume up , then press and hold power . on galaxy nexus , nexus 5 and nexus 10 : turn off your phone . press and hold both volume up and volume down , then press and hold power . on nexus 4 and nexus 7 : turn off your device . press and hold volume down , then press and hold power . 4 . unlocking the bootloader execute the following command on your computer : fastboot oem unlock  note : this step will remove all your data from the device . 5 . downloading the factory image download the factory image for your particular device and your desired android version directly from google . 6 . installing the system unpack the archive ( if you are on windows you will probably need to download additional software for unpacking . tar . gz files . 7-zip will do the job . mac and linux users have all the required software installed already ) . go inside the newly unarchived directory and execute the following command : ./flash-all.sh  note : this will wipe all data from your device after some time your device should reboot and boot to your newly installed operating system : ) 7 . relocking your bootloader this step is not strictly necessary , but it is a good idea for security reasons . reboot to the fastboot mode again ( see step 2 above ) and execute the following command on your computer : fastboot oem lock  this worked great for me , i hope it will be helpful to other people : )
from the reviews on that app , it sounds like they are doing part of it in their app , and part of it by sending you to the website . this may well be two separate authentications . the official google docs app is now part of google drive , have you tried that to see if it works more how you had want ? it does not ask me for any authentication when i use it .
probably the easiest way is to use x-parts ( formerly known as cwm installer ) .
yes you need to unlock the bootloader to flash the factory image . yes it will void your warranty but you can lock your bootloader again and reset the tamper flag to get the warranty back no unlocking bootloader is not rooting . here is the useful link . unlocking bootloader flashing factory image
it was removed because it is total placebo these days . i wrote it for dealing with the silly things that happen when we used to put apps on sd before android supported it . since then , it is been something of a sugar pill that magically fixes all problems without actually doing anything . ( taken from the commit history , posted by steve kondik )
evidently , the google voice app does not support conference codes or other extensions . ( at least not yet . ) to call an extended number through the google voice service , dial as though the gv app were not installed , or as if you were calling from something other than a smartphone : dial your own google voice phone number . if voicemail access is not enabled for the number you are calling from , press * to access the gv menu . enter your pin , if required . press 2 ( to tell the gv service you wish to place a call ) . enter the conference phone number , and press # . gv will connect you . proceed as normal for calling the desired number ( i.e. . , enter the extension , the conference-room number , the passcode , etc . ) . so , the contact is programmed with a number like this : 612-555-4321,[PIN,]2,800-555-1234#,,1234567890# . ( as i understand it , this is a limited application of the process flex dialer uses . ) if you have the gv app installed , then use another app like voice plus or voice choice to exclude this contact from gv . ( this is a consolation to what was originally asked for , which requested fewer exceptions to the phone 's gv dialing rules . should not be a big problem , though . ) if you have your gv number associated with a contact for yourself or your voice mail , then that is the contact that will appear in your phone 's call history . however , the " real " contact will show in your google voice call history .
paid apps are tied to an google account . but this is because of the google framework and not because of android . no one needs to " remove drm from android " because there is no drm within android . only support for it . if you install free ( as in beer ) apps , everyone can use them . there is only one imitative that goes one step further then being drm-less : android foss apps @ http://f-droid.org/
this link helped me to flash a rom image . as an additional benefit , this rom seems to be faster than micromax 's original rom and also claims to support a list of 3g dongles . the previous ( i.e. . original ) rom i had did not support reliance and bsnl 's 3g dongles . as in a settings menu the following dongles are supported ( i have not got any 3g dongle to test ) : wcdma : huawei ( e230 , e176g , e160e , 182g , e1782 , e1750 umg1691 ) , zte ( mf633bp-1 , mf633 , mf637u ) cdma2000/evdo : huawei ( e150 , ec1261 , ec122 , ec156 , ec1270 ) , zte ( ac580 , ac2736 , ac2746 ) after re flashing , i installed clockworkmod recovery as per this link as well .
the best solution for you would be to use smart connect liveware™ mgr . as you can see , you can set actions to start when you plug a device ( headset , hdmi , charger , etc . ) and actions to start when you unplug the device . i have a setting to start playing music when i connect my headphones and stop playing when i remove it . there are many things you can do with this . the best part is that you can manage your music with your own music app ! simply create an event for actions to be done upon the connection pf a headphone and forget this app ! this was originally developed for sony xperia handsets . but should work with any , which has a good hardware configuration ( src ) and an os higher that ics ( which you already have ) .
this turned out to be a hardware issue . i had two relatively pleasant conversations with tech support at google play and asus . since it was a new purchase i just returned it .
i ran across this by accident , but it is exactly what i was after ! hope it helps others . https://market.android.com/account and the orders tab
as those ports are closed on your router , there is no " on-phone solution " , only " on-router solutions " . you will have to open those ports on the router , use a different wifi ap , or switch to your mobile data connection . if you want to go for the " open ports on router " solution , this is beyond the scope of our site . but you are certainly welcome with that question on super user , which ( amongst others ) covers personal and home computer networking according to their help center .
there are several versions uploaded to the play store . i cannot personally attest to the safety or nature of them , but they generally all claim to be " pulled from the sdk " or similar . one exception is that i do recall trying the one named " android 2.3 launcher ( home ) " briefly in the past and it worked fine and was not doing anything shady ( it is review average is ~4.2 stars at the moment ) .
for my linux distribution ( fedora 20 ) it is quite simple : [ pc ] run pulseaudio . ( runs automatically on fedora ) [ pc ] load module bluetooth-discovery . ( it is auto-loaded on fedora ) [ pc , android ] pair with android-phone via bluetooth . [ android ] in device 's options set the profile " use for media audio " . [ pc ] connect to the phone . [ android ] play music . ( i use google play music - it works ) [ pc ] the phone 's stream is detected as an input source - in case , you want to mute or amplify it . caveats the only problem is the step 5 . i can not connect to pc from my phone - i think , it is a linux problem - and it is another question for another forum .
that feature does not exist , the only thing i could suggest is to submit a feature request on the android issues tracker .
i suspect that the ' battery saving software ' might have caused the issues . did you experience these issues before installing the app ? there is a couple of ways which might help restore original settings : a factory reset might set it right . alternatively if you have a backup of your original firmware you might want to try reflashing your phone after backing up all data . ps : the name of the app you were using might help out .
i appear to now have some kind of download mode , though it is not the samsung one - i just flashed a new rom . going to close this either way , as i do not think there is a simple solution other than sending it back .
there is a website called htconeroot . com i guess you can find instructions there ( videos at the right side , scroll down )
htc sense widgets do indeed only work with the sense homescreen . there are knock-offs , but these are usually pulled off the market by htc very quickly . beautiful widgets comes quite close though .
as far as i know , this should in no affect your app 's rating . this is something i do myself constantly with testing of my own apps . the only thing that will ultimately affect your rating are the number of stars your users give you . yes , you can rate your own app , but you can only do it once . uninstalling/re-installing should not change your own rating to your own app either .
i will try to answer my own question here . the short answer is : get a rom that just works ! ( no , not a room , a rom ! get a rom ! ) here is the same screenshot image of the SD &amp; phone storage menu , this time with a rom called supernova . you can find an installation guide here . as you can see from the image i now have 1.86 gb of internal storage space . no additional apps have been installed yet , except for some apps that came with the rom , and the stock htc apps that came with the phone . how-to you will need root and s-off before you continue . it is also possible to install this rom with s-on , but it will require some additional steps , for more details see the developers website . you will also need a custom recovery like clock work mod ( cwm ) or 4ext recovery . the latter is recommended . you will also need to flash stock hboot , if you do not have that already . you will find the stock hboot on alpharev website . go to the download page of developers website . download " supernova 2.4.0.1 extreme rom " . you will see at least three mirror download links . here 's one direct link to dev-host . power off the phone . enter hboot on the phone . enter recovery ( i used 4ext touch recovery ) . format and partition the sd card with one ext4 partition and one fat32 . power off the phone and take out the sd card . mount your sd card to the computer . copy the supernova_2.4.0.1_signed . zip file to the sd card . put the sd card in the phone . enter recovery and choose " update from zip " . select the file above . this will now flash the new rom . reboot the phone . first boot will take longer time than usual . when you get to the setup wizard , skip setting up a google account . reboot the phone . you will see a blue led go and off . this means data2sd is loaded and working . now you can setup your google account and wi-fi , and what not . remember , complete installation instructions can be found here . that web page can be overwhelming , especially for newbies , which is why i tried to put it in a more condensed form here . if you run into the " download was unsuccessful please try again " message when downloading apps , this means that the app you are trying to download is too big and the android market cache is too small . this problem is covered in the faq at developers website , it is question 28 . the suggested workaround involves using scriptmanager app and a script , and this must be done every time you reboot . but i have found that installing the latest version of play store ( replacement for android market ) manually solves the problem permanently . here 's a short how-to on that too . download the apk file for play store . connect the phone to the computer . if prompted , choose to mount as disk drive . copy the apk file to the sd card . disconnect the phone . go to menu , settings , applications , and enable unknown sources . start a file manager app ( i used es file explorer , but astro is good too ) . browse to the file ( /mnt/sdcard/ ) and tap it to open . you will be prompted if you want to replace a system app . tap ok to continue .
according to this review pocket-lint : kingston wi-drive review : you are also able to access the files on the wi-drive on a pc or mac by visiting it is ip address in your web browser . this , again , allows you to play any files that are supported in your web browser . mp3s , for example , play fine , but you might struggle more with video files . you can also connect to the kingston as a regular network drive . we were able to view it as if it was any network attached storage device . that means we could also copy files over wirelessly too . this suggests that , the kingston at least , supports something like smb ( the windows file-sharing protocol ) . many android apps let you connect to an smb shared drive to copy files on or off , i use file manager to copy files from my windows machines to my phone/tablet this way , and i am pretty sure astro supports it too . to do this from your app , you just need to include smb file access support in your andoird app . how to do that is off-topic for this site , as that is a developer question .
it contains:- resource files for chrome itself . these are really part of the app , but they are downloaded by chrome itself so the apk does not need to contain all the resources for all locales , and to make them easier to update . local storage for websites that use the html5 local storage feature . for some sites ( e . g . twitter ) this can get quite large . all your preferences , just like any other app . this amounts to a few kb .
you can find the source for this app in the gallery2 package in aosp . all the code for the photo editor is in src/com/android/gallery3d/filtershow . the saving is handled by tools/ImageSave.java , which has this comment explaining the behaviour ( which i have formatted ) :- in order to support the new edit-save behavior such that user will not see the edited image together with the original image , we are adding a new auxiliary directory for the edited image . basically , the original image will be hidden in that directory after edit and user will see the edited image only . note that deletion on the edited image will also cause the deletion of the original image under auxiliary directory . there are several situations we need to consider : user edit local image local01.jpg . a local02.jpg will be created in the same directory , and original image will be moved to auxiliary directory as ./.aux/local02.jpg . if user edit the local02.jpg , local03.jpg will be created in the local directory and ./.aux/local02.jpg will be renamed to ./.aux/local03.jpg user edit remote image remote01.jpg from picassa or other server . remoteSavedLocal01.jpg will be saved under proper local directory . in remoteSavedLocal01.jpg , there will be a reference pointing to the remote01.jpg . there will be no local copy of remote01.jpg . if user edit remoteSavedLocal01.jpg , then a new remoteSavedLocal02.jpg will be generated and still pointing to the remote01.jpg user delete any local image local.jpg . since the filenames are kept consistent in auxiliary directory , every time a local.jpg get deleted , the files in auxiliary directory whose names starting with " local." will be deleted . this pattern will facilitate the multiple images deletion in the auxiliary directory . in short : yes , it saves edited images in a .aux directory , inside the directory the image came from . it also stores the filter chain you used to create the image in xmp metadata inside the new image ( the filtered one ) , in the namespace http://ns.google.com/photos/1.0/filter/ . this information consists of : SourceFileUri: the uri where it has saved the unmodified file filterstack: a serialized representation of the stack of filters it used ( in the same format it saves presets to its private database )
fixed by downgrading to " ginger bread " , re-calibrate horizontal accelerometer and then re-update to jelly bean
this is as close to an answer as i can find at the moment . looking at the site for the ( soon to be launched ) google play for education site , one of the benefits that they mention is : for educators android tablets in the classroom google play for education brings the innovation of android technology into classrooms . educators can set up and deploy large numbers of devices in just minutes or hours rather than days . . . . over-the-air delivery to student devices after finding apps they want to use , educators can push them instantly to student devices over the air . they can send the apps to individuals or groups of any size , across classrooms , schools , or even districts . ( my emphasis , from http://developer.android.com/distribute/googleplay/edu/about.html ) which sounds promising , but if you go to the sign up/school interest page it has this interesting bit of wording on the form : which suggests that there is a limit somewhere around the 30 device number . which would match up with what you are seeing . as i can not find anything else official mentioning this limit , i can not find any official advice for getting round the limit either , sorry .
tablet idle makes up the battery usage that is not tied to a specific app or function . the less you actually turn the tablet on , the higher tablet idle will be . your battery usage stats are a percentage of a percentage . think about this . if your tablet battery is at 50% and tablet idle is 34% , this means that 34% of 50% of your battery was used by the tablet sitting idle and just remaining powered on . so this would equate to 17% of your battery actually being used by the tablet sitting idle . now let 's change this example . now your battery is at 90% , but tablet idle is showing 65% . this means that only 6.5% of the 10% used was used on tablet idle . tablet idle should never be something to worry about . if it is high , that means it was not actively used much and if it is low , it was used a lot . it really is just a space filler that is comprised of everything that is not attributable to a specific app or function of the tablet ( aka everything else in the battery stats list ) . if it is draining a lot more than usual in idle , it is not tablet idle doing it . it would be the usual suspects . an app or the battery itself .
this atrticle and others around the same time suggest that the hardware in the droid is only capable of supporting ad-hoc mode .
applanet is that rather shady-looking place that claims to let users download and install ' thousands of free and paid apps ' for free . since the original authors of the apps have little say in whether their app appears on the site , i think it is fair to say that all bets are off when it comes to the apps ' integrity . also bear in mind that it is recently been proved entirely possible to download malware from the official market ( google blog entry ) . so , in summary : impossible to say , and , yes .
you can now search and install apps from the android market website . it apparently launched today and people ( myself included ) are having trouble loggin in but i am sure they will clear it up soon . now you can search apps , filter by free vs paid and sort by relevance or popularity . there is also a button on each listing for " install " which will probably be like appbrain 's service that causes the app to automatically download on you phone ( when you are able to actually login ) . when you visit http://market.android.com/ on your phone , you actually see the site but if you click on any apps or search you are redirected to the market app .
try pvstar+ . not the easiest ui , but it'll let you play ( really just listen to ) youtube videos and a number of other sources , too , in the background .
sniffing the network traffic would require root for the app that does the sniffing part . this can easily be done with " shark for root " . but you will not get any end-user friendly information , just the raw packet data that is been send and received from your phone . that information needs to be matched to a particular app and action ( e . g . app xy is uploading photo file x123.jpg ) . generally you do not want an app to be able to read and log another apps network traffic for security and privacy reasons . that is why you need root for that . even if you could read and log the packets from other apps , it is easy to disguise the malicious data as something normal . it is not so easy to reveal that . side note : if you do not trust an app which has network access , do not install it . if you really need the app and you know that it works also without internet although the app requests permission to use it , some custom mods will allow you to block internet access without the app knowing .
install sip user agents on both phones and pc . you can use sipdroid or csipsimple for android and a softphone program like x-lite on the pc . note that you need to set up local accounts when configuring the software . you can then call other parties on the local network directly by their ip:port . if you do not want that , you need to install a full blown voip proxy like asterisk .
you basically answered the question . a widget is a ' view ' on an application that will update and can be embedded in apps like the home screen . a ' program ' in the home screen sense is a static link to an full-screen application startup . see the first para of the android developer docs for more details about what a widget is : http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/appwidgets/index.html
the sony liveview may fit the bill .
the beyondpod podcast player will download new podcasts directly to your device , on a schedule . for example , i have it run every morning to look for new podcasts . and , it can be configured to " share podcasts " with the default android music player . i have never used the share-with-default-player feature , so i can not really comment on how well that works in practice . but the basic podcast management and download features have all worked nicely for me .
this menu button is a backwards compatibility feature . it is displayed on all apps that say they are designed for a version of android from when android devices had physical menu buttons . ( that is froyo or earlier . ) the android system can not tell whether such an app needs the menu button or not , so it has to display it to make sure the app is usable on newer devices without the hard button . if the button annoys you , contact the author of the app and ask them to update their " target version " . they can do this and still be compatible with older versions of android .
you can view android 's supported media formats here : http://developer.android.com/guide/appendix/media-formats.html i would recommend h . 264 video and aacv2 audio , for the best quality . the dimensions depend on the dimensions of your phone -- in your case , 320x240 . it is not the most powerful phone so you may want to experiment with the quality to get it playable but also looking good .
google+ instant upload offers a setting to allow uploads only when the charger is connected . facebook 's instant photo upload does not offer such an option . the gallery is linked to your google account and thus to picasaweb . however , there is no option within the gallery app to restrict data transfer only when the charger is connected . carbonite recently started offering a mobile app , and that includes backing up photos and videos . it offers an option to use battery or not for when uploading . so google+ or carbonite mobile are your choices . ( at least from the photo auto-upload services i am aware of . )
i finally hit upon apn settings which did the trick for me . apn name : straight_talk apn : tfdata port : 80 username : not set password : not set server : not set mmsc : http://mms-tf.net mms proxy : 66.209.11.33 mms port : 80 mcc : 310 mnc : 410 auth type : none apn type : default , supl , mms , hipri , agps , fota , dun , entitle
the other answer works ( to remove the search bar and rearrange icons below the ::: button ) works fine , but only in a landscape orientation . even in landscape , pathological arrangements of icons can be stumbled upon . i have settled on this method : use a firewall ( e . g . , droidwall ) to block ' google search ' , which i never use , and which i do not want broadcasting my task-switching . to switch to another app , press the home key and then begin typing the name of the app ( the search button is not necessary . ) when the app shows up , down-arrow to it and press enter . how convenient this is obviously varies depending on the names of the apps you wish to switch between , and on the other apps you have installed , and on whether you indeed do not ever use google search . it is also about half as fast as the 3.2 method .
profiles are just a way to change a bunch of settings at once . by long-pressing the power button and tapping ring/vibrate/silent ( below airplane mode ) you change a single setting however : the ringing behaviour . the profiles work slightly different to what you expect . you most probably forgot to enable some switches of the standard profile , most of them are on/off settings for which a profile has 3 actions : activate deactivate modify / do-not-modify this is for example very handy for a car mode that you activate to just switch off a security lock screen ( + enable gps and leave all else as is ) . the standard profile has a lot of those unset do-not-modify checkboxes ( the checkboxes to the right ) , so unless you check them the profile does not actually change those settings . tick the checkbox and try again !
currently xperia phones with newer erom , bootloaders can not be unlocked via the above mentioned test point method . got the information from http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=30675295postcount=108
okay , i did a brief test the other day . . . only drove about 80 miles , . . . obviously longer drives would give better averaging samples . but from my short drive , it seems that maps navigation uses roughly 1 mb for every 10 miles .
if you stop syncing facebook with your phone book , that option will disappear . i realize this is not an answer to your question about customizing the pop-up but it may just serve your needs until a more skilled android ninja happens upon this question .
google maps can do this . long-press the map at your location ; a popup should appear with the address ; you can tap that and it'll give you the option to " share " that location . from that you can send a text , email , etc .
these files are for the transformers : dark of the moon film which was included promotionally with your nexus 7 . the movie was not , at least in my case , pre-installed on your device , as it takes a considerable amount of your available storage space ( especially if you have an 8gb unit ! ) . i am guessing you must at some point have unknowingly hit the small ' button ' on the video telling it to download the film for offline use . the first thing that came to my mind was , that this may be a webm video file ( matroska container + vp8 video stream + vorbis audio stream ) . it would have made sense . but feeding the file to mediainfo looks like this : an avc video stream and aac audio stream , is what one would expect from a regular mp4 , but mpeg-ps format ( ps = program stream ) is unusual . this is how a regular mp4 looks in mediainfo : the file [ from the nexus 7 ] even plays for a few seconds in vlc and in mplayer , but then i get error messages . so either the format is not yet supported or it is sort of encrypted .
usually sideloading is not prevented by the manufacturer , but by the operator . all the tablets i have tried had no operator customizations and supported sideloading . of course , this depends on your country and operator .
i think you mean the auto-sync . go to " settings -> accounts and sync " . you will find which apps are using the sync function under manage accounts . only the apps in the list will be influenced .
the actual update should take at very most half an hour , the download time may vary though . other than a backup , i do not see what else you had need to do . if you have trouble , come back and post a separate question with details . the update usually either fails entirely ( in which case you can try again ) or works fine , you should not end up in some half-updated broken state .
it does not seem to be possible . at least not in the post it self . in the list of posts it is however . the only way i am able to scroll in posts , is sideways , which changes the post . it could be done programmatically though , by combining and rewriting some stuff . but then it is of course no longer google reader : ) a suggestion however ( which is what i do ) is to make a small hole in the thumb of the glove . then the skin is able to make electric connections on the touch screen : )
as life of lcd screen is measured in hours of its usage , keeping screen turned on does consume some of its life hours . but , average life of lcd screens range from 30,000 hours to 60,000 hours , so i do not think it would a matter to you .
the battery indicator app in the first picture shown appears to be ours so i would thought i would respond . :- ) the ongoing notification shows because all ongoing notifications in android currently must display a notification as shown , and because the app must always be in memory to work correctly . you do not need a custom rom to be sure the battery is not being drained too much . over a year ago i joined with dmytro shkil to publish both battery notifier ( big text ) and battery notifier pro bt because his original program consumed less battery than any other app i had tried . tested with systempanel with the display intentionally kept on , the free and paid versions of our program today still consume less than . 01% cpu over 8 hours . we have left out fancy graphs and other eyecandy to keep our app consuming as little battery as possible . larryvgs http://batterynotifierpro.blogspot.com/
no . what you are describing is something like the " hibernate " option you get on pcs . it would need support from the kernel and the userspace parts of android . since 4.2 , the boot process on android has been a lot faster on real devices , so typically it would be slower to boot from hibernation than to boot in the conventional way .
for usb teathering i know only two options that ( in my experience ) works well : azilink - the hard but free way easyteather - the easy but non-free way
you will need root access on your devices ( well , at least on the old one ) in order to copy the apps off it . once rooted , you can use a number of 3rd-party " backup " apps to save a copy of the apps to your sd card , copy it to your pc , and then side-load them onto your new phone . the one i use is titanium backup . root your original device . look at sites like xda-developers or rootzwiki for help with that . in titanium backup use the backup/restore functionality to backup the apps you need to the sd card . on the new phone also install titanium backup app , enable side-loading ( menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Unknown sources ) , and use the restore functionality to restore the apps . if you do not feel like installing a 3rd-party backup app , this can be done manually , although it is a lot more involved ( installing android sdk , usb drivers , using command prompt to find package names and copy the apks from old phone and installing them on the new one . )
from what i can tell , this issue has been resolved with gingerbread 2.3.5 . i no longer have the issue with my device running gingerbread 2.3.5 ( actually i think cm7 is based on 2.3.7 now ) . from what i am seeing in the reported issue is other people are saying the same thing about it being fixed . i am not sure if your device has an update available or not though .
the problem is that some systems think of different ways to use the exif information . there are several possiblities , but for the motorola milestone ( droid in the us ) it was that the picture got a " rotated " mark in the exif , but it did not get the height/width set correctly ( example : lets say you have a hxw = 3x4 camera . if you take a landscape shot , you will get the normal hxw= 3x4 sized shot , and everything is fine . if you take a portrait shot , you still get the hxw = 3x4 ( but you would want to see hxw = 4x3 ) , and an extra mark that says " this shot was rotated ) . some programs could work with this ( twitpic for instance ) , but some coudn't . now you might face the same issue . i would look into your shots , and check what the exif says . if the exif has one of these issues , you might need to change ( possibly use some sort of automatic process ) the exif . also , another viewer might help here .
amazon confirms kindle fire hd models use android 4.0 under the hood .
see if you are using " gps-provided time " in your date and time settings i think it is an improper translation of " your time is more accurate " it may be due to some adware too . did you try holding the notification and see the " app info " of the notification ?
seems i just needed to wait a little longer for the " copying . . . " dialog to pop up again . windows is weird sometimes .
for a fix open settings> apps go the all tab , swipe left 2x 's scroll down to samsung keyboard and tap it tap on force close , then ok tap on clear cache tap on clear data , then ok problem should be fixed ! ! ! google search keywords galaxy rugby keyboard typing wrong letters
i use beyondpod ( the full version ) to watch ted talks all the time . it pulls in a list of the videos from the feed and you can choose to download which ever ones you want and then play them right in beyondpod . there is no data connection required .
you have two options . do a factory reset . go to Settings &gt; Backup &amp; reset &gt; Factory data reset . when you are asked to log-in your google account , it will ask you if you want to download the apps you installed before . usually , your paid apps will be installed ( and possibly some of the free apps ) . you may have to manually install the others . or , you can always use titanium backup . make sure to back-up only user apps , not system apps . then , restore those user apps after you have flashed a new rom .
try slide lock . it is awesome . just like ios version . ( click image for a larger version )
you can test that the triggers work like they should with dock simulator ( market link ) . run it and try " car dock " to see what should happen when you dock the phone . if nothing happens , it might be a problem in your triggers . otherwise , it is the dock or your phone 's magnetic sensor . try dialing *#0*# and selecting Magnetic to access a self test of the magnetic sensor .
finally found the solution and the reason . i installed sms backup + application from market sometime back . this application syncs the messages , call logs and contacts with gmail . i installed once and removed . in that time span it sync the contacts , call logs with my gmail . thats why i can see the call logs label in my gmail .
in order to root an android phone , you have to take into account the manufacturer of the phone and the model , and also you need to take into account the android version installed . the process to root a phone is based on some exploit in the system , and each android version with each model has a different method , which takes advantage of different exploits . there are common exploits across some models , but in general , you need to look for a rooting method for your phone model and the android version it has . i have used this page on some occasions to look for tutorials , but you can also look in xda developers
one solution to your problem probably is reverse tether : other than your hotspot functionality ( which lets you use your phones internet connection with other devices via wifi ) , this allows you to use your computers network via usb , as the screenshots imply . thus your phone gets a ( configurable ) ip address ( pic1: " desired ip" ) matching your computers ( pic1: " gateway ip" ; it is important that both are part of the same subnet ) , and then you can access your computers web services from your android device as described before ( using the computer 's ip ) . drawback : this solution requires your device to be rooted . i will check further , maybe i find a similar solution not requiring root , and then will update my answer with that new information . update : if your computer is equipped with wifi , an " adhoc connection " could also provide a solution . you might want to take a look at the question how to connect android wifi to adhoc wifi ? for details on this . and there is a brand new article just published today at pc advisor : connect android phone to ad hoc network , which might be even more helpful to you .
there is gomarks . looks promising .
cyanogenmod versus android to ask how cyanogenmod is different from android is comparable to ask how is a cat different from an animal . cyanogenmod is an android custom-rom . see : our rom tag-wiki for what a rom is our custom-rom tag-wiki for details on custom roms our cyanogenmod tag-wiki for details on cyanogenmod quoting the latter , which quotes from the cyanogenmod website : cyanogenmod is an aftermarket firmware for a number of cell phones based on the open-source android operating system . it offers features not found in the official android based firmwares of vendors of these cell phones . as you are asking about ecosystems : cyanogenmod meanwhile is a company . there might be multiple ecosystems using the same resources . as will be shown below : google versus android versus cyanogenmod android is not google , and google is not android . behind android stands the aosp team . so android is open source , which is why other groups like cyanogenmod can use it . the " iron grip " of your question does not go to android itself , it is rather the additions google puts on top , the so-called google apps ( see : google-apps and its tag-wiki ) . those apps are not open-source , but closed-source . cyanogenmod started shipping their own counter-parts for several of the google-apps ( and features ) , and here you have got your ecosystem : apps and services . cyanogenmod is not permitted to ship the google-apps with their roms , you have to install them manually ( if you want them ) , or leave them out . there are many substitutes available , so you can use android without google : android os without google services ? can an android phone run without google ? guide : how to use your android phone without google android without google ­– discussion @xda can i trust x with my data ? google earns its money with advertisements . if you can trust them with your data , imho you can trust cyanogenmod even more . if you do not want to trust either of them , there are alternatives such as owncloud , funambol , and more , which you can use with any rom , cyanogenmod included – setting up your own cloud , as one of the names suggests . concerning the google-play-store and " where to get my apps from": as with the other google-apps , custom roms are not permitted to bundle them with their distributions . but there are a lot of alternative and open-source markets , like f-droid etc . ( see our alternative-markets tag-wiki ) . there have been rumours about a cyanogenmod app market , but i must have missed that taking off .
if you constantly get a poor 3g signal , you may want to switch the signal preference to favor 2g instead of 3g . here 's a way to do it on ics : in dialer , press *#*#4636#*#* go to ' phone information ' swipe to this ' set preferred network type ' assuming it is ' wcdma preferred ' , change it to ' gsm auto ( prl ) ' this setting will change its signal quality threshold , allowing it to switch from 3g to 2g ' earlier ' . use at your own risk though . . . to address your question of automatically switching signal when you make a call , you might be able to hammer something out on tasker if you are so inclined ( i may give it a try later to satisfy my own curiosity xd ) . one problem is forsee though , is that i believe it takes a bit of time to switch signals , so it might affect your call ( or its quality ) .
by far the easiest way to do this is to use firefox as your web browser everywhere , and then use firefox 's built in sync functionality . this will ( optionally ) sync not just your bookmarks , but also your history , your saved passwords and your preferences , and let you see the recent tabs you have had open on different machines . start by installing firefox for android , then on your pc go into firefox 's options , click the sync tab and run through the wizard to set up sync and the encryption key . then open firefox on your android device and you should see a prominent option to set up sync that will involve copying a short authentication code between your phone and pc copies of firefox . after that it will start pulling all of the info down from your pc to your phone ( you may want to make sure you are on wifi for this first sync ) . for a clearer guide , with pictures , see this page on the mozilla support site how do i sync firefox between my desktop and mobile ?
goggle drive gives you some security options regarding your documents : you can choose to encrypt all offline documents ( that is , documents stored on your device ) ; and can also choose to decrypt documents incrementally as they are streamed to your phone , by selecting the Streaming Decryption , thus having just a small portion of the document decrypted when accessing it . kinda like watching a compressed video . sadly enough could not find any official documentation to support my answer on google , but here 's some relevant links : access and edit files with google drive google drive - view files offline in the google drive android app
there are many available choices , depending on the features you need : cryptonite uses encfs and requires root luks also requires root and provides on-the-fly encryption ( aes by default ) to virtual folders eds provides encrypted containers and does not require root . it even is compatible to truecrypt . droidcrypt can encrypt single files or full directories . no root needed . encryption manager is a file manager providing file encryption support , and so is andisk filescrypter supports encrypted files and folders and many more . just check the examples , and take a look at the " also recommended " stuff on their market pages to find more .
the mdm solution can require that you set a pin . the google apps device policy app , for example , can require you to set a pin . this is described in the google device policy for android if you want more details .
thanks @eldarerathis the link to the video helped me get rid of it . to get rid of it , i had to double tap the " halo " and move to the x area just as you would when getting rid of apps from the launcher .
android does not have a distinction between " text fields " and " text areas " like html has . one control , called TextView ( or EditText , but they are both the same underlying control ) handles all text fields , whether they are editable or not , and whether they are one line or several . that is not to say that every text field behaves the same way . TextView gives the app the opportunity to set hints for the keyboard , to tell it what kind of text is being edited ( called the input type ) . one input type tells the keyboard that the text being entered is a search filter . the keyboard 's free to interpret these hints however it likes : in this case , google keyboard does not show any word completions/suggestions when the input type is a search filter . you can avoid this problem by using a different keyboard app which interprets the input type and other hints differently . for example , swiftkey shows word completions for search filters just like for normal text . ( i have just tested it on google search . ) swiftkey also supports gesture typing like the default keyboard . if you are interested , you can learn more about the different hints apps can give to the keyboard by playing with my app im prove . ( it is a free app with no ads , so all i get if you use it is a warm fuzzy feeling when you leave a good rating . ) with this app , you can set all the hints , and see what effect they have on your keyboard . you can compare different keyboards this way .
you will not find anything about this in the man page on your desktop , nor the usage information for adb because this is not an adb command . remember that adb shell foo starts a shell on the device and runs the command foo there . it would be like looking in the ssh man page to find out what ssh myserver rm -rf * does . the command you want help with is ime list , and it only exists on the device , not your desktop . running adb shell ime ( with no further arguments ) prints out the usage information for this command . " enabled " in this description does not refer to the " enabled " field in the manifest ( that is , the one printed out under ServiceInfo ) , but rather whether the ime is turned on in the settings . it might be a little confusing to have two different things called " enabled " , but do not forget that adb is a debugging tool for programmers , who are expected to understand such things . end-users should not need to run this command , since the list of imes is accessible through the device settings . from this description , if you get output with ime list -a but not ime list , that tells you that no input methods are currently enabled in the settings .
it stopped to ask my password after about 4 reboots , or 4 days . i do not know what was causing the problem .
use sms backup and restore assuming those are both android phones and you should not need to deal with a .nef file .
i do not think there is any support for the x10 from cm for the v9 release . for reference : xperia arc => anzu xperia neo => hallon xperia pro => iyokan xperia mini pro => mango xperia ray => urushi xperia mini => smultron xperia arc s => ayame xperia neo v => haida xperia active => satsuma live with walkman => coconut xperia neo l => phoenix edit : cyanogenmod is a rom that targets a lot of handsets . a souped up/bloated version of the stock vanilla aosp android ( the ones found on the nexus series handsets ) the freexperia project was founded by jerpelea who ( unofficially works for sony , gets freebies and contributes to porting cm for that handset etc ) . also , freexperia project is officially merged into the cyanogenmod tree . not all legacy devices are supported using the cm rom , especially for the newer v9 and v10 ( ics and jb respectively . if visiting this get cm you will actually find that cm is not supporting the legacy devices ! have not tried freexperia , but have heard it is not 100% stable , as some things are broken on it ( if anyone wants to correct me , feel free to say so in the comments ) : )
there is an alternative browser , skyfire , which purports to support at least some flash videos on android 2.1 . it should be available in the market .
you cannot restrict where the applications write the data on the sdcard . you can go and delete what ever you want on the sdcard , but it may be data for an application . if you move it , the application will think it has been deleted or does not exist , and it will just create the data in the same place again . google recommends applications use the /sdcard/android/data/ folder , but if the application has permissions to write to the sdcard , they can write where ever they want on it . some applications were created before the recommendations , others may not know the recommendation , and others may not care for what ever reason . the " standard " is the following for non-application specific data : music/ podcasts/ ringtones/ alarms/ notifications/ pictures/ movies/ download/ and then application specific is : Android/data/&lt;application&gt;
a number of 3rd-party " social " apps have this feature . personally i use tweetdeck . when internet connection is not available , it will save my tweet , and throw a notification saying that it will be sent when connectivity is re-established .
this is a known " bug " with android ( it is probably intended behavior ) . the language , locale , and related settings are all linked and cannot be changed independently . google apparently decided that people who read italian want to see numbers for dates . i do not believe this was changed in 2.3-gingerbread so i guess there is no fix yet : (
playing with words : if you want a folder to sync , have you tried foldersync ? should be perfect for this purpose . you can sync entire folders between your pc and your android device , and also use different cloud storage services . thanks to an integrated tasker/locale plugin ( in the full version ) , you also can automate it to your wishes . but even without tasker/locale , it offers user specified sync interval or specific sync times .
try changing usb cable . bad cables can cause this ( at least i had this problem once , which went away simply by using another cable ) .
try <code> wget http://www.blah.com/files.apk </code> in the terminal emulator ( if you are using cyanogenmod , then you probably have busybox , which includes wget ) , you might need root to write to the internal memory , so if you do not have write permission in the current directory , then you might need to type su first .
this is really ugly , but you can read them from the command line by using sqlite3 to view the database entries . you will probably need to dig up a binary for this unless you have a custom rom installed . there are some instructions for installing said binary in this stack overflow question , and superoneclick comes packaged with it ( a copy of the binary itself can be found here ) . if you do need to install the binary , use mount ( with no parameters ) to determine where your /system partition is physically located ( mine is /dev/block/mtdblock3 , for example ) . then follow the instructions in the first link above , and start by remounting it in read/write mode with the command : mount -o rw,remount /your/system/partition /system  once you have sqlite3 you will want to open an adb shell , switch to root with su , and then do the following : this will pull up all of the rows from the table for all of the unread messages . the columns in the table are defined thusly ( so you can trim the SELECT ) : ***note for the marked line : this may be slightly different depending on your device and version of android which is why i have included this cd command separately . i think it used to be com.android.providers/telephony/databases on older devices but i do not quite remember . use ls to look around for the proper pathing here . alternatively , you could try copying the . db file onto your sd card ( or pulling it with adb pull ) and then reading it on your computer with sqlite .
from what i can see in the video , the fluctuations are within about 1° in the first app , and 0.5° in the second . that is not exactly " random numbers in a wide range " . accuracy within 1° is acceptable for most intended use cases : mobile games , screen orientation , gestures , etc . it is quite possible that motorola decided to use a cheaper sensor since the phone itself is intended to be a very low-cost device . i would not say that it is defective . possibly subpar , but not defective .
( i will address your 2nd edit below . . . ) some cheap camera modules do not include an auto focus feature , i.e. they are fix-focus'ed to infinity . barcode scanners need a near focus though and cannot ( or hardly ) scan the resulting blurry images that result from infinity-focused fix-focus cameras . the only way around this would be to attach a macro lens specifically designed for smartphone cameras ( also works with fix focus ) . search for smartphone macro lens to see some samples . i already tried that once with an older ( also fix-focus ) sony-ericsson xperia x8 and it worked back then .
jelly bean unfortunately , there is no setting that you can enable to show battery percentage on the system icons tray . without using an app , all you have is : battery indicator on the top right corner of your screen . access to the battery settings , level and usage details : go to : settings > device > battery app using the battery app by macropinch available from google play store , you are able to get the percentage on your status bar :
as already described in above comments , this would require taking a screenshot and saving it as an image file . havind done that , there are several barcode scanners available in the playstore supporting " loading " of barcodes from image files , as e.g. qr barcode scanner or mentioned google goggles . i do not know of any barcode scanner capable of " scanning your screen directly " . edit : qr droid seems to be capable of what you are looking for : scan qr codes from your camera , browser , sd card , or saved image
create a playlist file with the correct sequence and open it on the device . it will then play in the order given in the file .
i found the solution . i can give a static ip to my beaglebone via shell scripts ( or adb ) : ifconfig eth0 up 169.254.13.13
the galaxy tab 10.1 can make 2g/3g calls and calls over wifi with voip apps like skype or tango . the nexus 7 can only make calls over wifi with voip apps as i already mentioned . there would be no easy way of getting the nexus 7 to make 2g/3g calls as it would require adding a radio to the tablet .
check out wifi keyboard -- allows you to use your desktop 's keyboard to control the android . nb : i have not personally tried this , but it looks pretty cool . aimed particularly at apps that require keyboard input , but still do not pop-up a virtual keyboard . . . . . . again , wifi , not bluetooth . aaargh . unless , you know , you get your pc to broadcast on bluetooth .
this is apparently not currently possible . i am not the only person with this desire . there is an open issue at google ( issue 23176 ) . in one of my searches , i found someone who says they looked into the code for the phone app , and found that it is calling the messaging app directly without allowing the messaging intent , which is what would prompt me to choose the messaging app versus google voice to send the message . the app suggested by dymutaos looked somewhat promising , but i am concerned about its security . so , unfortunately , this very useful feature is currently useless to me . i hope they fix it in the not-too-distant future .
full rooting instructions for huawei ideos x3 ( u8510 ) are posted on this thread over at xda : download the automatic root enabler for the x3 . for more recent versions i suggest checking original thread and the forum it is in as i may not be able to update this thread all the time . install the latest usb drivers for the x3 . search for the latest version of " huawei android phones usb driver " from the huawei downloads site . turn on usb debugging from settings -> application -> development on the x3 . connect the x3 to your pc via microusb . run the automatic root enabler and it should start rooting your phone automatically .
have you checked that the idproduct value is correct ? run lsusb when the device is connected in fastboot mode to see the vendor id and product id and check if it matches . also , i think it is not supposed to show up on adb devices when in fastboot mode , try fastboot devices instead .
the answer is in the browser settings . in the default browser , this is found in Menu | More | Settings | Default Zoom . options are " medium " ( the default ) , " far " , and " close " .
as you have come to realize , official updates ( ota or manual ) will most likely patch previous exploits to obtain root and you will most likely lose root during the process of updating . it is recommend to not allow updates if you wish to keep root . certain mods , such as cyanogenmod , will automatically block ota updates to keep this from being a problem .
check that you have the calendar selected : go to Settings -&gt; Accounts and Sync -&gt; [your Facebook account] and make sure Sync calendar is selected . on some phones there might be a builtin facebook sync which only takes care of the names , so if there is no Sync Calendar option , go to Add account and see if you have facebook under Integrated contact accounts and More accounts . if so , add the one from More accounts and check Sync Calendar . edit : the problem can be fixed by removing and readding both sync accounts , waiting for the phone to remove them in between .
google talk this will syncs to your gmail account . this offers free instant messaging to all your google contacts that you have invited to “talk” with . you can use the services within the gmail web page , or download google talk and install it on your computer or smart phone . google+ messenger originally called “huddle” , which is a sub service to google+ . the big difference with google+ messenger is that this is the instant messaging service that is synced to your google+ account , not your gmail account . people who are added to your “circles” are the ones that are able to be messaged with . one major difference with google+ messenger is that it allows people to have group chats . source
if you are using the default version of adw launcher that comes with cyanogenmod 7 then you can add a shortcut to your homescreen fairly easily . long press on an empty space on one of your home screens and then select Launcher Actions-&gt;Open/close notifications to add the shortcut . on older versions of adw you can also do this , but you have to use a " custom shortcut " instead . specifically , you long press on an empty space and then select Custom shortcut . then on the dialog that appears you press the Pick your activity button and select Launcher Actions-&gt;Open/close notifications . i am not aware of any way to make it appear in the homescreen menu , unfortunately . it is one of the only features i miss from sense .
this is something that has to be enabled in the kernel . some custom kernels do implement this , depending on your device .
here is qr droid private . it does not access your contact information . usually the reason they want contact access is because you can store contact information in a qr code . so when scanned , it sees that it is a contact and adds it to your contacts . without access to your contacts , it would not be able to do this . another reason is that some of the apps allow you to create qr codes from your contacts . it would need read permission to do this . here is an example of a vcard stored in a qr code : here is the data that is stored in there :
try using a 3rd-party keyboard replacement app . i have previously used anysoftkeyboard , and can confirm that it does show word suggestions on other languages . for hebrew you would need to install the corresponding language pack as well .
when you wipe your phone and re-install a rom , or switch to a new phone , you will be prompted to sign in with your google account . as long as you use the same google account , you will be able to find your purchased apps in the Market by pressing the Menu key and selecting My Apps , or something similar ( i believe they are named differently in different versions ) . from there you will be able to view and re-install previously purchased apps . note : this only works for apps you have spent money on . if it was free , it will not be stored on your account in this way .
can you use adb to copy or install the apk file on the samsung tablet ? for example : $ adb push my_app.apk /mnt/sdcard  or $ adb install my_app.apk  i do not have a galaxy tab so i do not know whether /mnt/sdcard is the correct location on that device . edit : oops . forgot to say that when you connect your device via usb select the charge only option - do not mount the sd card !
simplenote is updating all of their apps , and that also means that they have released an official android app . the official app does not require an account to use ; you can take and store notes locally on your device before signing up to the free service for cloud syncing . although third-party apps were previously available , the official option is a welcome one that gives android users an experience in line with the ios app . simplenote 's expansion to android comes just over half a year since wordpress owner automattic bought the service , pledging to improve its mobile apps . simplenote on google play
in app updates ( host files etc ) : basically because you are in an arms race agains the advertising / app developers . the developers want you to see the advertising , as this is one of their sources of income . they are also aware of ad-block , adaway , adfree etc etc and are constantly trying new advertisers , new proxies and new methods of embedding the adverts in your application , website etc . in order to keep the adverts blocked , the application needs to update the host files and lists of blocked sites , proxies etc to keep functioning correctly . there should be a ' check for updates daily ' option , there definitely is in adfree android ( well recommended ) which you could use as an alternative to adblock plus . by default most of these programs seem to check for updates when the device is rebooted from scratch , and have a daily / weekly or such checkin also . you could go to Settings &gt; Applications &gt; AdBlock and disable notifications also . you could , i gues , just dismiss the notifcation when it arrives , and update whenever suits you . leaving it go does mean adverts will start to creep back in over time , however . updates to the app itself : if the actual application ( i.e. . the apk ) itself has very regular updates then either the application needs to update to keep ahead of the advertising , which seems to be to be a bit of a flaw , or it is ( as you said ) in beta stages and needs constant tweaking . alternatively with so many new devices coming online , and kitkat released it may need all this fixing to ensure compatability . the simplest solution for either scenario , to my mind , is to get adfree android or similar and not worry about this at all !
you could use the busybox version of vi . if you are rooted then you can get it from the market and it will install pretty trivially ( example ) . then you had just need to execute vi from a terminal and you are good to go . i do not know of any installers that do not require root , but there may be one floating around somewhere that will install to /data/local or something . alternatively , you can do it the " manual " way . the following should work fine on an unrooted phone : download a buxybox binary or build it yourself ( here 's a copy of 1.16.0 hosted on cyanogenmod 's wiki ) . copy the binary over to /data/local somehow . adb is easy if you have it set up - just connect your tablet and use : adb push /path/to/busybox /data/local . you could also put it on your sd card and then move it with a file manager . you may need to use chmod to make it executable , which can be done from either a terminal emulator or an adb shell - chmod 0755 /data/local/busybox should suffice . execute vi from a terminal with /data/local/busybox vi . of course , if you just want any ol ' editor you do not have to use vi . there are a bunch in the market .
short answer is no , there is no way to remove the " menu " overflow button from within apps in 4.4 , even on phones with a hardware menu button . this was an intentional change by google in kitkat to unify the interface across devices . it is possible to remove this overflow button with some os modifications , and many custom roms do offer a toggle for this . however , it requires rooting the device , unlocking its bootloader , and installing a 3rd-party modified os .
as long as you have gps switched on on your phone ( on a galaxy s the easiest way to do this is from the buttons that appear when you pull the notification bar down from the top of the screen ) and have gps switched on in the camera , you should see the " satellite receiver " gps icon appear and start flashing when you open the camera app . as long as you see this then your phone is trying to geo-tag your pictures . be aware that even in the best of conditions your phone can take 30 seconds or more to get a decent gps position locked , so wait a bit after you open the camera app before you take the picture . you can also speed up the gps lock by making sure that you have the assisted gps features switched on , see this previous question for details on how to switch those features on .
from what i looked up , the karbonn s1 titanium does not support otg . according to http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/snapdragon_(system_on_chip)#snapdragon_s4 the karbonn s1 titanium , is a msm8625q chipset . which does not support otg http://www.qualcomm.com/snapdragon/processors/s4/specs
firmware , in this case , means the os , since it is a preinstalled part of the core system . the method i used does not require root , but it is possible to root at the same time . i did not . this depends . in most cases , unlocking the bootloader voids your warranty if the warranty is read and interpreted letter-to-letter . however , you could install an official firmware and relock the bootloader to try to bypass this . i have upgraded my yakjuxw with this guide 's method #2 . everything went perfectly except for a few little tricks . first of all , if your phone is completely unmodified , you need to unlock your bootloader . this can be done by booting into the bootloader as explained in the post , and running fastboot oem unlock , navigating to " yes , unlock bootloader " with the volume keys and confirming with the power button . note : this will clear your phone , so you will need to copy the necessary files to your phone after this ! after this , reboot once so that the partitions are mounted correctly in cwm later . now follow the guide carefully , and you should be able to upgrade ( almost ) without any problems . my phone got stuck while booting for the first time , so after 15-20mins i rebooted the phone ( yanked the battery ) but had no adverse effects . at least my phone got the official 4.1.1 update today , so check for that after your first boot !
the motorola electrify m comes with a set of functions called smart actions , which can be deployed . a sample from their user guide is the silencing of the ringer when inside meetings . see the user guide here to find help in refining the criteria triggers , so that the ringer is restored . look for \control and customize\smart actions\help . like most trigger-based actions , each comes with some downside , so either some refinement , or complete disabling will solve your difficulty .
i use osmand which works well with offline maps ( osm ) . download offline map ( s ) once and after that no internet connection is required to use them . you can download the . obf-file of your location from this list of offline maps . or use the app to download . obf files directly to your device .
yes , at least 4.0.4 stock image on my galaxy nexus does , though if more than 999 , it just displays 999+ ( same as inbox ) .
as you can see on the right , it contains the private data for all apps . if you want to delete these data , you can do it by uninstalling apps or by clicking " clear data " in the apps manager .
in the market settings you can add a pin to protect purchases ; that should lock them out effectively enough . i do not know of anything offhand to prevent all installs , though . i would assume you had need to be rooted for an app to intercept and prevent install attempts . if you are rooted , you could use something like titanium backup to back and uninstall the market , then reinstall it when your kids are done . that might be cumbersome as well though .
those permissions ( call , sms ) are in most cases used for " quick-access-widgets/shortcuts " the launcher provides . to create a call widget for a contact , the contacts need to be read , which again might need the account data in some cases to retrieve them . so all those permissions are obviously making sense in context of a launcher . of course this does not mean they cannot be abused . so i would either stick with a heavily used / well known app , or have additional protection ( pdroid , lbe ) . you explicitly mentioned apex , which i use on some of my devices . on others i use golauncher ex . i also use lbe to keep watch . none of these two launchers ever misused these permissions ( at least i never got a warning ) -- though i must admit i did not check all the logs thoroughly all the time .
i think the answer here is " in all practicability , no . " one hypothetical alternative would be usb host support , and to mount an external hard drive or thumb drive onto your phone . this would mean doing something like this , how to mount external hard drive to your xoom . this seems impractical and potentially dangerous ( who knows if that otg cable might cause a short ) . the sgs may not even recognize the cable , or the drive , and the apk may not work with your phone . that is the best answer i have on actually connecting via usb to a storage location . actual streaming from a pc via the usb port , though ? even if there were a way , it would probably require extensive work on both the phone and the computer . would not a better ( and way easier ) solution be to buy a wireless usb adapter and set it to ad-hoc mode and ssid non-broadcast ? just a thought .
audiogalaxy supposedly does this . i have not used it for myself .
the swiftkey website no longer lists anything called " swiftkey " only " swiftkey x " . i have to assume this means " swiftkey " was an earlier product , possibly a beta ?
it looks like your hboot needs to be upgraded to v1.02.0000 in order to use the htcdev unlock method . the reason for this is that the legend 's bootloader did not originally ship with unlocking capabilities , so you need to upgrade to the version that added it . unfortunately , the htcdev site will give you an ruu to run , but since it is an . exe file it will not do you much good on linux ( even with wine it probably will balk ) . however , you can perform a manual flash instead : download this legeimg . zip 1 file . this is the new 1.02 bootloader packaged as a zip . copy the zip file to the root of your sd card ( as in , not in any subfolders ) reboot to your bootloader however you like ( adb reboot bootloader works , for example ) when hboot starts up it should tell you that it found an upgrade package on the sd card . check the on-screen prompt and select " yes " to let it flash the zip . reboot your phone into your bootloader again and verify that it is been updated to version 1.02 . at this point you can follow the htcdev unlocking instructions . 1 regarding this file : " eldarerathis " , you say , " i am sure you are a trustworthy chap and all , but how do i know that this mediafire download is legit ? " well , since your bootloader is currently locked , it will only flash images that have been digitally signed by htc . since modifying the contents of the zip file would invalidate the signature , you can rest assured that it is genuine and has not been tampered with . for complete instructions , including how to actually get the zip from the ruu yourself ( which requires windows ) , refer to this xda post .
for anyone who comes across this via a search i found these options . . . polaris office 's word processing program implements undo that works via control-Z on my galaxy note 3 using a bluetooth keyboard . the jotterpad x text editor implements undo and redo that works fine via on-screen controls . the jotterpad x app description on the google play store claims specifically . . . compatible with physical and bluetooth keyboard including shortcut keys ( e . g . ctrl + z for undo ) on my system , jotterpad x 's undo did not work with a bluetooth keyboard , but maybe it will work on your system or with a different model keyboard .
according to the xperia z manual , that icon indicates that " stamina mode " is active . i do not see it in the xperia t manual , so i am guessing that there was a recent update to your device that added that feature .
there is no built-in tool to do this - why would there be ? - but there are several apps available depending on exactly what kind of information you want to show and how you want it displayed . for example , you could do worse than my app showr , which is a home screen widget . you tell it the web address of an image file , or an rss feed with images , and how often to update it , and it updates the image and displays it on your home screen . it is a free download from google play . my users often use it to display information like weather maps and charts , as well as more fun things like webcams , photo blogs , and logos or pictures of things or people they like . you might also use home screen widgets for other kinds of information . for example , if the events you want to display are in a google calendar ( or can be imported into it from an ical file or similar ) , then the google calendar app can display upcoming events in a list on the home screen . there is quite a few task list apps too , and they usually have home screen widgets and push capabilities , so if you add or complete a task from your phone , the list on the wall updates automatically . remember the milk is one such , which i use , but you have to pay a subscription for unlimited syncing .
the s2 supports mhl through usb , so technically , yes . you will not be able to get a full display , just through supported apps .
i had to release the buttons just after samsung logo and not after seeing cwm screen
the data usage screen can show both mobile data and wi-fi usage ( but only shows one by default ) . you are almost certainly seeing your wi-fi usage , 750mb does not sound unlikely for a new device that will have downloaded settings , apps , contacts , and probably os updates . if you have a sim card in your phone then the data usage app defaults to only showing mobile data usage , but there is a menu option to allow you to set it to show wi-fi data usage too . i assume that if the device has never had a sim card inserted , then it will default to showing wi-fi usage , as that is the only data usage it is used . ( screenshots from a galaxy nexus , so it should work the same way )
the facebook app does not have an option for it , so basically : you can not . facebook also provides no way to easily export contact information , so you had have to do it manually ( or with some crazy script/app that scrapes the info from the website ) .
try : Settings → Applications → Manage Applications → select Browser ( "All apps" tab ) → Clear Data . this would delete all the data belonging to the app . quite like a factory reset , but just for that app . be careful while using this . make sure you select the correct application ( its called ' Browser' some phones and ' Internet' on some ) in the All apps list . you can accidentally delete your contacts and other important stuff if you are not careful
not from within android , no . only root can mount or remount filesystems , including /system . there is another way , which is to go outside of android completely by making the change you want from the recovery . since the recovery does not use android 's permissions system , it can let you mount whatever filesystems you like , however you like . but if you are going to install a custom recovery to let you do this , you might as well root the phone anyway .
yes , that is an accurate observation . i do not have a motorola phone myself , but from what i understand blur is embedded pretty tightly into the rom . trying to remove it would be painful at best , and probably just cause your phone to start crashing . i would recommend flashing a custom rom that either never had blur ( e . g . something built largely from the aosp like cyanogenmod ) or a heavily customized version of your rom that has had blur thoroughly rooted out and replaced with stock apps .
yup - adw launcher has an option to lock desktop which does not allow any changes to be made to the shortcuts or widgets .
i think that it is due to the keyboard layout . swiftkey 's qwerty layout do not put the ' key in the " abc" part of the keyboard . if you want to type a ' '' with the qwerty layout , you have to go to the " 123" part of the keyboard and then type on the ' virtual key . but unlike the qwerty layout , the azerty layout has got the ' key in the " abc" part of the keyboard : to switch to the azerty layout , go in swiftkey settings > Languages and layouts . then go to the keyboard language ( the one you use ) and type on the keyboard icon near the checkbox . then select " AZERTY" when the list of available layouts is opened .
after some digging , i have to decide that what you are trying to achieve is not possible since there is no way to check whether there are additional login requirements necessary for the connected wi-fi networks . you may be able to check the connectivity of the wi-fi network with the methods mentioned by both geffchang and nobugs . but , since the connections with additional authentications literally give you the internet access to login to their network , the said apps and methods ( even the tasker ) will sadly be of lesser use . but the network tester app suggested by nobugs seems promising even though it cannot switch the connections . you can use an app like auto wifi / 3g switch to do the switching automatically . this app can be used to disable mobile data / 3g connection automatically when your device is connected to a wifi network and re-enable mobile data when your device is disconnected from wifi network . again of course , the app cannot detect whether or not there are additional authentications . finally you are left with manually switching and toggling your mobile data and wi-fi . you can use an app like 3g wifi connection mode .
yes all this is possible but you will have to root the tablet and whether or not that is possible will depend on the tablet . here 's the answer to each request : yes , you have to edit the hosts file for which you will have to root the device . yes , any browser ( i recommend dolphin hd ) will let you set the home page , so just set this to the page you want it to launch with . with the launch after boot app ( ~$1.60 ) you can set the browser to launch on start-up . yes , the aforementioned dolphin hd browser has a " full screen " mode under settings . since you are rooting the device you can just uninstall the messaging ( sms/mms/email ) apps . yes . this app requires a rooted device ( and dropping $2 ) : boot animation changer pro all in all this is possible assuming you can root you device , and while it will not be easy , it also wont require you programming any custom solution . edit : i should have mentioned that going " full screen " on the browser will not prevent people from navigating away from the browser screen to other parts of the device but you can basically uninstall every single app that you do not want your people using , and uninstall the market so they can not install more apps . you can also password protect apps that you do not want people using with an app like app protector pro ( $2 ) . any enterprising person will be able to get around anything you do with some work but that can be said about any workplace restrictions . edit #2: do not quote me on this but i will bet you could use tasker to furhter restrict access to the device and/or services . assuming you guys operate during set business hours and are at one bricks and mortar location , you can set location and time based restrictions so when they are in the store during business hours only certain things are possible . you would just need to password protect tasker after setting it up .
4 months later support finally shared me the latest rom that solved all the above issues .
as far as i know there is no way to tell the market to reinstall an app . i was hoping you could do it through the market website but i just tried and it refused to install an already-installed app . ( which bothers me because my phone and the website will definitely be out of sync regularly , i do too many third-party restores and so on . ) that said , you could clear the data for the market ( settings -> applications -> manage applications -> all -> market -> force close , clear data ) and reboot your phone , then start up the market again and look to see whether the update is available again or not . if it is not then you can trust that the latest version is installed since it grabbed that info directly from the system , and if not you can attempt the update again .
even if it would be doable , consider a few things making it extremely unlikely : in that early stage , the touchscreen is not yet initialized – so how would you input your pin/password/pattern to unlock the bootloader before firing up the custom recovery ? another risk introduced this way : if you break your display , you are effectively knocked-out : even if the problem described above could be worked around , that work-around would be rendered useless at this place . true , there are things like touch-based custom recoveries . so technically , that would be the place to make it possible : once the recovery is initialized , it could ask for a code to unlock before offering its real services . this might even include a " fallback mode " for a broken screen using e.g. shake-patterns ( accelerometer-based ) or nfc ( if applyable ) . but that is nothing we can solve here at this site : you will have to contact the resp . developers for this ( twrp and/or clockworkmod , to name two examples ) .
i think formatting is your last resort . sd cards do have a limited life , and only can perform so many read/writes before they give up the ghost . try to backup your sd card on your pc if you can . you could use an sd card reader . try your sd on another phone and see if it works . if it does , you know something with your phone is not right . use this opportunity to back up the sd ! try a different sd on your phone and see how that works . lastly , you could format the sd card and see if that helps , but you will permanently lose all data on it . if your rom has an sd-ext partition , your os will not boot . ( unlikely in this specific case , but worth noting for others . )
according to the official bug report here , starting at about post 26 , it seems the sentiment is that this is a hardware issue . i have contacted verizon and they are shipping me a replacement . i will update the question again if this does not permanently resolve the issue . http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=23789q=label%3apriority-mediumcolspec=id%20type%20status%20owner%20summary%20stars
the answer to both questions is no . your android device most likely uses the arm architecture , which is not compatible with the x86 architecture of your binaries . in theory you could use qemu on android to emulate a x86 system , but the performance will be average at best . this has been done .
more details would definately be nice . i can think of a few very nice options that would work over wifi . airdroid2 would let you upload and download files over your browser pretty handily , though a web interface . it does a load of other things too ( like act as a filemanager , and let you do things on your phone like send texts from a webui ) another alternative would be pushbullet - it lets you send and recieve files up to 25 mb . like airdroid , it uses a webui on the pc side ( or extentions , which are well worth getting imo ) , and an app on the phone you could also use a sync tool like dropbox or ( my current favourite ) bitorrent sync to expose a folder and download files from there .
obviously the su binary you installed does not work well with your system . as you luckily created a backup of the original su executable , recommendation is to revert the incompatible changes first : adb shell $ oldsu # mount -o remount,rw /system # rm /system/xbin/su /system/bin/su # cp /system/xbin/oldsu /system/xbin/su # exit $ exit adb reboot  explanation : start adb shell and become root ( using the working oldsu executable ) . delete /system/xbin/su ( which is only a symlink now ) and the incompatible /system/bin/su , then copy the working su back to where it belongs . then exit the root shell and finally adb shell . the reboot is optional , and should not be needed . also optionally you could remove busybox ( or keep it if it works ) . before exiting adb shell you might wish to test whether su works again , just to be sure ( which is why i wrote cp for this : if anything goes wrong , you still have your oldsu available ) . with those steps , you should at least have everything in working order again , and this issue is solved . updating to a newer android version is a separate issue : please check the update tag , as corresponding questions already exist . same for the rom you might need ( check the rom tag for that , and in also check the tag-wikis for update and rom ) .
you may not get 21mbps downloads on hspa+ , but otherwise , voice calls and data access should work just fine , provided you get a compatible sim card from the local provider .
i got an update from htc tech support on this one . tl ; dr search for a software update and you should hopefully find 1.29 . once this is installed you will be able to connect again fine . quoted below dear david , thank you for your patience . i would recommend backing up your data and performing a factory reset , to do this please follow these steps : if your phone is tied to a google account , your contacts , calendar events , downloaded apps , wireless settings can be backed up , if you have entered your google account details in the initial set-up screens . please go to , menu , settings , accounts and sync , tap on your google account , then tap ' sync now ' you will see some spinning circular arrows for a short while , this just means your data is being saved to google . when the arrows have finished spinning , the data has been backed-up ( double check this ) . or back up your contacts to the s . d card ( for android 2.1 or later ) by following these steps ; from the home screen tap all applications . scroll to and tap people . tap menu . tap import/export . tap export to sd card . select which contact group to export ( phone , google , sim etc . ) . tap ok . available from the android market is a free application to enable you to back up your sms messages if desired . now your phone is backed up we can perform the hard reset , all data will be lost that is not backed up on your s . d/sim cards or online will be lost . hard reset on android from the home screen , press the menu key> tap settings> tap sd and phone storage> tap factory data reset> tap reset phone . the reason i have asked you to do this is because though it may seem a bit extreme this is the best method for dealing with your problem . once this has been done please manually search for an update . i did not actually do the reset , i simply searched for software updates and found the new update , installed it and all was well . i would recommend this first before you wipe your phone !
ok , i will answer my own question on this one because i just came across mortplayer . it does exactly what i want : it will load m3u files or just play all files in a directory .
gtalksms ( google project page ) does what you want ( and much more ) . edit : after actively developing gtalksms , i decided that it is time to spawn a new project called maxs . see my second answer . note : according to the faq i have to disclose that i am involved into gtalksms . gtalksms is an open source gpl licensed android app . everyone can contribute .
yes , your phone must be rooted because to access that file the /system needs to be mounted as write-able once you obtain root you can run this command inside a shell : su chmod 777 /sys/class/leds/button-backlight/max_brightness then just navigate to that file and edit it using a file browser . what the chmod 777 command does is change the permissions on that file so that you can edit it . after you finish i would suggest changing the permissions back to what they were . the original permissions were probably 0666 . so it would be like this : chmod 0666 /sys/class/leds/button-backlight/max_brightness to encompass t0mm13b 's remark below , go here for information on how to make the file write-able at boot , instead of having a script be run at each boot that makes it write-able .
made it . . . after going to market account -> settings -> edit , i chose " show in menus " and now it works .
ma is not the same as mah . the former is a current rating , and the latter is the capacity of the battery . 1000 mah means the battery can supply a current of 1000 ma ( at its rated voltage ) for 1 hour , or equivalently , a current of 500 ma for 2 hours , etc . it tells you how much energy the battery can hold . the number in ma printed on the phone tells you how much current the phone can draw . it is like a safety rating , though i suspect the numbers are somewhat made-up for phones : it would be very unusual for the phone to actually draw that much current , and most of the time the amount drawn will be much less . there is no reason for those two numbers to be the same .
according to this forum deleting the youtube account resolves it .
until google does something about issue 1008 , ( which seems unlikely since it is about five years old now ) you are unlikely to get a better answer , but for what it is worth , this might help someone in a similar situation . at the moment you can not alter the mtu without root access to the device . in linux this operation requires root , so on android you either need to root the device , or google needs to provide system functionality that applications can use to perform the operation ( i.e. . resolve issue 1008 ) . there is an off-market program mtuchanger which can be used on rooted devices to change the mtu . if you can root your device you can sideload this and work around the issue . of course , you should complain bitterly about charter ( and rogers and the dozen or so other isps ) deploying 6rd in 2013 , when the rest of the world is moving past transition technologies and is doing native dual stack . 6rd is essentially isp-private 6to4 tunnelling , which is why the mtu has to be lowered from 1500 . as such , any company that deploys it is eventually going to have to do it again , and do it right .
it is a combination of a pdf and a browser issue . some pdfs work fine while others do not across different browsers . downloading the pdf you mentioned , here are the results using different browsers : chrome : cannot open pdf from notification boat browser : cannot open pdf from notification dolphin : can open pdf from notification downloading a different pdf from another site , here are the results using different browsers : chrome : can open pdf from notification boat browser : can open pdf from notification dolphin : can open pdf from notification update 2013-10-11: according to scott 's findings , this is a pdf issue . the content-type header of the problematic pdf is application/x-download , while the working pdf is application/pdf . if you control the server which is serving these pdfs , you can switch the content-type header to allow it to open in all browsers . php example : in php this was previously broken when sending :  header('Content-Type: application/x-download');  switch this to this header to work :  header('Content-Type: application/pdf'); 
this problem is taking place when you install google apps apks directly on phone . the solution is installing google apps image in recovery mod . you can always get the latest gapps for any android version such as ice cream sandwich ( android 4.0 . x ) , honeycomb ( android 3 . x ) , gingerbread ( android 2.3 . x ) , froyo ( android 2.2 . x ) and eclair ( android 2.1 . x ) from this address latest gappss
i believe you should install the european version of samsung 's rom or any other rom of choice . this xda thread lists official firmwares for your device .
actually i bought the motorola defy+ and i am disapointed , as it seems there is synchronization is only possible via google account .
the . nomedia file is for the reason you stated . you can safely remove the file and other apps will be able to pick up the medias in that folder . in any case , if there is any problem you can easily create that file again . it can be a empty file with the name . nomedia . you can use programs like es file explorer to explore to that directory and create the file . edit : as per the comments below which contains very useful information : your music apps may recreate the . nomedia file when you launch it . other players will only be able to play the music if only the musics are drm free .
your problem touches a feature of android that sets it apart from other mobile oses and is a very powerful one ( see below ) : that is all about intents , activities and the back stack that contains your path of visited activities in order for each app . basically an activity is a single gui fullscreen window you see , for example the main activity when you launch an app . if you navigate away from that , lets say to the settings view , the now inactive main view is put on the back stack and so forth . however : this whole behaviour has many switches that are solely customizable by the app developers . see this link for the basic information on those things : http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/fundamentals/tasks-and-back-stack.html regarding your specific problem : it might be a difference if the browser was ( 1 ) already open , ( 2 ) had an active twitter tab running ( that got reactivated ) and so forth . try some of these combinations ( use ' force stop ' in the app settings to end browser instances and have an/no open twitter tab in the browser active beforehand ) , and you will find : if you have opened the max of four windows in your browser , then opening an url from the twitter app will " re-use " one of them . if you hit back in that browser window it will first go all the way back up the history , one history item at a time . once the history is empty , hitting the back button once more will send you back to the twitter app . if you had not opened the max of four windows in your browser , then opening an url from the twitter app will create a new browser window . if you hit back in that browser window the history for that window will already be empty , and you will directly go back to the twitter app . some more information : the unique system are android 's intents . new views are launched by an intent that , for example says ' open this file in a file view ' or ' select a picture in a gallery viewer ' or ' authenticate a my app with facebook ' and so forth . without saying which other app should handle it . you see this when you get a choice menu asking you to select a specific browser ( native/chrome/dolphin/opera ) or one of many file explorers you might have installed . this one of the very powerful android features . apple 's ios is very different to that , apps can not interact with others so closely and facebook integration had to be done in ios6 the hard way for that reason ( directly integrated into ios ) .
as i was writing that question i stumbled upon the answer in a really convoluted menu pathway . i was unable to find it in my prior research on the internet so i will post it up in case anyone is looking in future . open the settings app . go to language and keyboard . touch the settings button next to touch input under keyboard and input methods touch personal dictionary touch edit personal dictionary press the menu button then touch delete then select incorrect entries to remove .
enabling gps and using gps are two different things , when you enable the use of gps on the menu/toggle , you are just allowing the use of gps , that dose no mean you acutely using it , when you see in the graph the little blue lines , that means that some application tried/used the gps and get the exact location ( e . g google now ) . starting with android 4.4 you can check which application used the gps and when under the app permission menu .
you might wish to check with are there any solutions other than flashing gapps , to have google accounts on cyanogenmod ? – where i named an alternative : on xda , you can find the nogapps project , which basically is an opensource replacement of most google apps ( including playstore ) , often mapping to free alternatives ( e . g . openstreetmap for maps ) . the " elements " come as separate packages to install , so you can pick the ones you want – and simply skip the others . status is different for each of the services : some are actively developed , some are " not yet usable " , some seem even to be " abandoned " ( like the playstore replacement blankstore , which is discontinued since 2012 – but luckily seems to have a successor named blank store ) . i have not ( yet ) used it , so i cannot tell which parts are essential or how well those replacements work . but head over and check out for yourself . marvin seems to still actively be on it ( last update of the " lead post " was just a few days ago ) . as for " zero bloatware " and " android without google " , you might also wish to check my answer here ; )
as izzy said in the comments really your best option is to just buy a new card . they are super cheap especially if you buy online . i just looked on amazon and the cheapest 16 gb sd card i could fine was just over $12.00 us . i am sure you can go to your local electronics store and pick one up for around $20.00 us if you do not want to deal with buying online and shipping and whatnot . but , if you are stingy ( most of us are , lets be honest ! ) , make sure you have migrated all of your apps back to internal storage with appmgr iii . once this is done you can shutdown the phone and remove the sd card . if you want you can create a backup of your sd card just in case you need the data on it in the future . you can just copy and paste all of the files into a folder and then compress it , or you can create a disk image of the drive , whatever is more convenient to you . then turn on your old device with the card not inside of it . go through all of your downloaded apps and see if any of them were relying on data on the card . once you find the apps that need the sd card you can then choose to uninstall and reinstall them , or see if you can transfer the files off of the sd card and then back onto the device and then point the app to the folder . it might take a little bit of screwing around , but perhaps the feeling of having extra cash in your wallet will overcome the frustration of dealing with data migration . good luck !
applications do not have to care where the storage is . they just ask the android system to give them a " pointer " to it . there are specific api calls for this , like getExternalStorageDirectory() . for details , you might check on our sister site : get the right external storage from android devices .
unrevoked 3 will root the htc desire without replacing the rom , however it does reflash the recovery rom : http://unrevoked.com/#desire
i have never used it , but here 's one : osmand open-source osm-based gps app with online/offline capabilities and audible navigation . online : maps , routing , search , edit osm poi/bugs . offline : search poi , address , transport , map cache .
flash is only available for android 2.2+ . you will not be able to install it on any older version of android .
android does not natively support pure ipsec client to connect to cisco like vpn concentrators . for that first you need to root your device and install any custom rom with tun kernel module support and install this app http://code.google.com/p/get-a-robot-vpnc/ configuration to be used is , connection name : cisco ( can be anything ) ip sec gateway : get it from vpn profile config file [ * . pcf ] ip sec id : this is the groupname , can found in pcf file ip sec secret : decrypted group password ( encrypted password can be found in pcf file ) decryption tool username : vpn user id password : soft token generated password . leave all other configuration as empty or default .
it is due to noise cancellation was on during a call . i turn noise cancellation off now it works fine .
after trawling through all manner of options i isolated the root cause of this issue . within google account sync i had a look at all available settings and the one that seemed to be causing an issue was ' sync internet ' option which was just constantly running ( and appearing to be keeping the phone awake . switching this off has got back my battery back to normal . i still have no idea why my phone was trying to sync the entire internet :- )
the problem is , that my android device automatically turns off the 3g connection as soon as wifi is available . why do not you shut off wi-fi ? since you can not control port forwarding or anything at work , there is not much else you can do . although , you could just ask and see whether they had consider opening the google talk ports ( 443/5222/5223 ) .
i installed them all again . while google play knew my apps , it did not automatically install them again . so pressing install on every app brought them back . about backup , i found that the android sdk has a backup function that backups everything , installed apps as well , next them i use that , maybe this makes reinstallation of apps unnecessary .
unfortunately this is not something that can not be turned on or off . it is possible that it is a vendor specific thing , you do not say what device you have or if you are rooted or not , so i assume this is the case . i am running a sgs3 with a custom rom on it ( aokp ) and i have just restarted the device and can confirm there was no vibration during the start or stop procedure . however my nexus one with a stock rom did vibrate . a possible fix is to root the device and stick a custom rom on there , but that is quite an extreme fix for the issue .
since the anwer seems to be : " no there is not " , my workaround was to use an rss-reader widget , and the following rss url : search.twitter.com/search.rss?q=keyword . i think its strange i have to go through such hoops , since twitter provides a html-widget for exactly this purpose . i was expecting at least one android app to mimic this functionality .
i actualy got it by doing the update from a windows 7 computer . kies seems to have difficulties with windows 8 .
sunpech is correct about that . however , it does not quite work in the way you are envisioning it . your groups in your google contacts do not sort your contacts in your phone , instead you are simply able to specify to android which of those groups you want synced . when you are in your contact list ( in android ) you can hit menu and go to " display options " and choose your preferences there . the actual appearance of the " display options " screen will vary depending on your version of android , but ultimately , you will be able to choose which groups to include in your contacts , and even specify to only display those with phone numbers . i hope this clears things up for you .
try *#*#4636#*#* in your dial pad ( type the * and # also ) . under Phone information you will find Preferred network type . select GSM or WCDMA from there . you will find WCDMA preferred this will use both 2g and 3g whichever has the better reception WCDMA only this will use only 3g GSM only this will use only 2g
groups are not available in the facebook app . you will have to go to the website via m . facebook . com or touch . facebook . com
i had a similar problem , for me i had to go into the " profile " i was using " default , silent , work , ect . " , and change the phone setting for vibrate to off .
answer is in their faq : the free version is advertisement supported while the premium version is not . both the free and premium versions have the same set of features at this point except the premium version will get faster updates .
unckecking the Sync gallery will not remove the albums . just uninstall Facebook application from your phone . this will remove all your facebook albums from the stock gallery . upon reinstalling facebook , do not forget to uncheck Sync gallery . this did the trick for me : )
do not think its meant for persisting . . . see dianne hackborn 's comment also had a mosey around the ics source code found in packages/apps/Settings/src/com/android/settings/DevelopmentSettings.java source code to the related screen , found on android 's github . by looking for the variable that is associated with settings > developer options > background process limit ( see line number 103 ) and ( see line number 215 ) called mAppProcessLimit . with that in mind , keep looking further down in the source , the routine that is responsible for saving the settings for this particular screen called onPreferenceTreeClick . that is , in programming parlance , called a " listener " that is monitoring the changes made on that screen and writes it out immediately to the backing store by android . ( see between line numbers 790 and 858 ) unfortunately , the " listener " , in this case , does not have a reference to the persisting/saving of the value for that variable mAppProcessLimit ; which is what the op is experiencing , set it for the duration of when the handset is alive , then upon reboot , it gets lost . in short , you cannot do anything about this as that is built straight from the oven , and bundled onto your handset , but with that in mind , you can roll-your-own-custom rom variant of ics with a modified version of the source to do that .
i installed next 2 ota updates and got my trace keyboard back . the first one was a small 10mb os update which was still android 4.1.1 but software number as 2.22.720.7 . this required booting after upgrade . the next was a htc sense update which required no booting and got me my trace keyboard back . the stupid power saver notification which came with the jelly bean update is still not gone but trace keyboard back is good enough . never going to update the os again on this phone ! ! !
i noticed an application on the android store called " mysms " that seems to sync between phone , tablet , and pc/mac . maybe this is the solution to your problem . downloadable from : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mysms.android.smshl=en the same company also has a premium service for 2 phone syncing - which has the same features as above but specifically for sycning 2 phones together . since the other app does not require a premium ( paid ) service , its worth trying to see if that does the job for free . if not , then it might be worth trying out their second app . this is the premium version for 2 phones : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mysms.android.mirrorhl=en hope this helps .
looks like there are several options . here are a couple of the more popular apps : wififofum appbrain description : wififofum scans for 802.11 wifi networks and displays information about each including : ssid , mac , rssi , channel , and security . wififofum also allows you to connect to networks you find and log the location using the gps . kml logs can be emailed . wifi scanner appbrain description : *no ads *option to connect added for open networks ! ! ! *update comming soon a free wifi scanner for wireless networks for android . the wifi signal is displayed in dbm format ! if you are looking to sniff traffic try : shark for root appbrain description : traffic sniffer , works on 3g and wifi ( works on froyo tethered mode too ) . to open dump use wireshark or similar software , for preview dump on phone use shark reader . based on tcpdump . please leave comments/send e-mail if you have any problems/suggestions .
seems the only way to do it was to open up the document through the browser , selecting desktop mode . then " view spreadsheet mode " right at the bottom . then it'll load it up like it would if you loaded it from a computer . then you can select file -> email as attachment . bit of a crappy process . . .
i think i have finally solved this one by using some of the folder settings in k9 . in settings --> account settings --> fetching mail , i set Poll Folders and Push Folders to " only first class folders " , and this seems to have done the job . to be honest , i am not sure what these settings mean exactly , but i will live with that .
the android emulator does not currently support this , unfortunately . there is a configuration file in the build system that determines whether or not to enable the user accounts feature , and it is disabled in the emulator images distributed by google . you can star this issue on the bug tracker in the meantime . however there are two alternatives you can look at : you can alter the configuration file and build a new emulator image from the aosp source and use that in place of the system image that the avd uses by default . the file in question is in /frameworks/base/core/res/res/values/config.xml within the android source . there should be an option named config_multiuserMaximumUsers which needs to be set to a value greater than 1 . you can try the jar of beans emulator package . it has experimental support for multiple user accounts . note , however , that this is an x86 emulator , not an arm one .
this is called ' recents ' - you can see info about it here
this happened to me previously . all i did was just wait and it eventually updated to play store .
is this what you are looking for [ paid app ] : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.vmlite.vncserverhl=en however , if you are willing to go through a lengthy process [ but free ] , you can follow the tutorial here to access your phone via pc .
the following is no complete solution , but at least a work-around , avoiding a long reboot : there are apps like quick boot ( others have things like " fast reboot " and the like in their names/descriptions ) . other suggested by those names , they do not really reboot your device , but simply restart the system server ( for details , please take a look at can somebody explain the boot process of an android device ? – the system server is started at step 5 of 6 boot steps , so this skips more than half of the way down and up , effectively resulting in a process about 3 times as fast as a complete reboot ) . while this way all your apps are killed as a side effect ( as they require the system server to work ) , it is still a lot faster than a real reboot , and thus " less hazzle " .
opengts provides fleet tracking , and there is a ( paid ) android app on the market . given that it is open source , it is always possible someone ( you ? ) could develop a free app as well .
quick marketplace search for wifi notify resulted in the following : wifinotify
there is unfortunately no way to directly edit the dictionary . you can delete any user-added word by highlighting it and hitting the swype key .
this appears to be baked in to the stock rom you are using . there are widgets , like silentwidget which will let you toggle the silent mode without using the power button method , although this requires you to go to the launcher to do this - to get around this , have a look at a multitasking app like powerstrip which will allow you to launch apps , see widgets and more from anywhere on your device without having to go back to the launcher .
i have used my tracks while walking , and a cyclist friend of mine is fond of sports track live
a hard reset restores the original factory settings and erases content , including downloaded ringtones , images , programs , and contacts stored in the internal memory . this feature allows for resetting of sound profiles , display settings , and phone or memory card settings . to perform a hard reset using the hardware keys , follow these steps : turn off the device . press and hold both volume up and volume down keys at the same time . press the power key only until the phone vibrates once , then release only the power key . continue to hold the volume up and volume down keys until the android system recovery screen appears . press the volume down key to highlight wipe factory data . press the home key to select . press the volume down key to highlight yes - delete all user data . press the home key to select . press the home key to reboot . but as you said , your screen is broken . check the screenshots and see how many times you want to use down and up volume key , so that the according to number position you can do it .
prior to android 4.0 ( aka ice cream sandwich ) it is called " droid " , and comes in serif ( regular , bold , italic , bold italic ) , sans ( regular , bold ) , and sans mono variants . a new font family " roboto " was released with 4.0 . wikipedia article on droid ( font ) google+ post on roboto
on the My Talks tab , tap/press options button ( you can tap the overflow menu in the top right corner if you are on tablet ) . there is a Remove Items in menu . that should do the trick . it puts an x on all the videos and i am assuming a tap on that will delete them . i have not done this , because i have not gotten around to watching them yet .
since you already had cm10 installed , you should be having the zip file with you . if you do not have it , you can download it from the previous source and place it in your sd card . if you do not have and do not know the source from where you already downloaded , you can try the one from where i had downloaded ( courtesy ) . the reason i am trying to stick to your previous download is that these zip files are unofficial cm builds and are compiled from same source by many developers , each adding their own bells and whistles and most importantly bug fixes . hence you already know what is working and what is not with your previous rom which will avoid you any nasty last minute surprises . as far as the rom that i am using , apart from what is mentioned in the blog , google location service is not working . which means that news and weather app , google maps etc will not get your location without gps . after deciding which rom zip file to use , place the zip file in sd card and switch off the phone . please backup whatever you want as the following steps is going to erase all except the sd card contents . reboot your phone into recovery mode . to do this , press and hold home button , volume down button and while holding both down , power on the device . do not release the home and volume down button until you see the cyanogenmod recovery console . then simply follow the steps as said in the blog .
you can try side-loading a flash player apk file . there are a whole lot of them floating around on xda , such as this thread which has a download for flash 11 . whether or not it works will also depend on other factors , such as the version of android on the device and the processor it has ( flash requires an armv7 processor and android 2.2 or later ) .
there is probably tons of ways to do this , but here 's what i can think of offhand : if you have adb set up on your computer then use it to push the rom file over : adb push /path/to/ROM /sdcard upload it to dropbox , box , or any other cloud file storage service and then download it via the associated android app upload it to a file sharing service like mediafire and then download it in your browser if you downloaded the rom from somewhere , visit that site in the browser on your tablet and download it directly install a file manager or other app that supports ftp and send it over via a wifi lan connection ( one example ) try kies air - i think it supports wireless file transfer
yes , just use adb over usb and run adb shell . see http://developer.android.com/guide/developing/tools/adb.html#shellcommands
this can not be done in a totally automated fashion , as indicated by the accepted answer to this stackoverflow question . basically , it is against the android security model to allow Unknown Sources to be changed programmatically .
i highly recommend the standard android clock as a basis for this : http://android.git.kernel.org/?p=platform/packages/apps/deskclock.git;a=summary
i can think of one nasty block of text off the top of my head : your bit . ly key that you have to provide to 3rd party applications ( i.e. . twitter clients ) . it is like a 20+ random character string . so any other long " key " like string would be a good reason to blast it from your desktop . images : maybe you found a cool image for a desktop background ?
yes , here is the source code download and what you need to use it . http://source.android.com/download and the license agreement : http://source.android.com/license home page : http://www.android.com/ the wiki : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/android%5f%28operating%5fsystem%29 from the wiki : at google , the team led by rubin developed a mobile device platform powered by the linux kernel which they marketed to handset makers and carriers on the premise of providing a flexible , upgradeable system .
not in the usa . virgin mobile usa 's network is cdma , while the galaxy note is a gsm phone . virgin mobile uk is a gsm network , so galaxy note will work on it . although depending on whether the phone and the carrier use the same frequencies for 3g , you may only get 2g speeds .
nope you cannot only selectively disable video calls . the least you can do is disable incoming invites from the app settings .
ok so it looks like you are not trying to run it properly . first things first you need to create an android virtual device ( avd ) . this will be the profile of the device you will be emulating . open up a terminal and follow these steps . make sure you have the sdk installed and you are in the ./tools directory of your sdk . for this example i will be creating an avd named " nexus_7" . step 1: determine your target : /.android list targets  you will get an output of all of your available targets , here is the one i will use : step 2: create the avd : ./android create avd -n "Nexus_7" -t 3  for simplicity , when it prompts you to create custom hardware specs , just enter ( or enter no then press enter ) . you should get output like this : step 3: launch the emulator here is the moment of truth : ./emulator -avd "Nexus_7"  it will take quite a while for the emulator to start , especially on the newer android builds . you can screw around with hardware acceleration if you want it to move a bit faster . also you should use screenshots to speed up the boot time . i got all of the info from : android docs
no , they are not . for as long as you have the account registered in your email app , the policies are applied , however , if you remove the email account then the policies will no-longer be enforced . the app is given a " device administrator " status ( you can see any apps which have this in " security " in your settings ) , and you can revoke that at any time . revoking it , will of course , cause your email to stop working .
install kies in your pc . it will automatically install corresponding usb drivers . edit : samsung kies is a freeware software application used to communicate between windows or mac operating systems , and more recently manufactured samsung mobile phone and tablet computer devices , usually using a usb cable connection ( though wireless lan kies connectivity is now possible using some devices ) . this software may be used for : data backup data transfer ( between a windows or mac pc , and a samsung mobile device ) , limited to certain media file formats . multimedia ( audio , photos , video , etc . ) management , but limited to certain file formats . purchase/acquisition of additional or special device features . device firmware and operating system ( os version ) upgrades . to work all these , usb driver should be installed . so when you install this software it will automatically detect your device and install usb drivers .
the boot-loader code is stored within the /boot partition . majority of android handsets uses the qualcomm 's boot loader , called lk ( little kernel ) , barring samsung , which uses their own form of boot-code . lk has the following : variety of nand devices for bootup usb driver to enable upgrading images over usb during development keypad driver to enable developers enter ‘fastboot’ mode for image upgrades display driver for debugging and splash screen enable android recovery image and image upgrades this applies to only , qualcomm chipsets hence the exemption of samsung based handsets there is a website blog that cites this from source the actual source code , if anyone is curious enough , can be found on codeaurora site . this is known as caf , in which a lot of qualcomm specific code for kernels can be found in . as a side-note : google releases source to aosp , caf , pulls from them , modifies it to make it fit within qualcomm chipsets , then the manufacturers pull those down and add their own bits , it is that for the reason there is , aosp , caf and cyanogenmod that are the main three flavours of android . the actual source code to the boot-loader can be found on caf 's git repository , and has not changed much , it can also be found in cyanogenmod 's source , specifically in , /bootable/bootloader also .
the apps will not just change when your version changes . all apps have a minimum api version which is required to use the app . so if your apps all have a minimum api version of e.g. froyo and there is no special version for gingerbread all will stay the same . the properties of the android version cannot be changed , only if you compile your own system and write a different version number in there . but this will not solve the problem of the api versions : if you fake an android 4.0.3 with 2.3.6 real system version , some apps will probably not run because they need to have api version 15 and not 8 .
i tried a lot of things . i think switching usb cables made a difference . after i switched and tried the vol down button holding while inserting the usb cable , the phone was recognized in emma but it was locked . but i was able to make flash mode work . so i retried pc companion , the update option which mentions resetting the phone/having trouble which opens a new menu . there i had to download the latest firmware first and then i had to do the vol down thing again after which it started installing the firmware on the phone . emma and pc companion are sony software .
it takes around an hour for me with 150-200 apps , with the voodoo lagfix and a class 4 sd card . this is under froyo ( which i would not expect to matter ) . i would guess that your apps/data must just be large , as eldarerathis says .
according to the dolphin for android phone faqs , you can manually create a shortcut to the home screen : how do i create a shortcut for dolphin sonar to the home screen manually ? please click menu> more> settings> gesture and sonar > sonar settings> create shortcut .
in order for the voice actions to successfully set the alarm the device must contain an app that implements the android.intent.action.SET_ALARM intent . ( read more in the documentation of android . provider . alarmclock . ) there is no guarantee that your device contains such an app ( unless it is a stock android ) . the situation is worse on samsung galaxy s ii ( with ics ) which by default comes with samsung 's own clock app which seems to handle the intent but actually does not , i.e. in response to the voice action a blank clock window pops up and no alarm is set . so voice actions will not even find out that the alarm setting task was not carried out . the only app that i am aware of that properly handles this intent and can be used with voice actions is alarm clock plus★ . it is likely that there are more such apps but android market does not make finding them easy , because it does not offer a search-by-intent feature . . .
usually it is called calendar . ask your provider if it still is not showing on your phone . alternatively , trying seeing if long-pressing an empty area of your screen and then choosing widgets - shows the calendar widget in the list . i am assuming of course , that you have already set up your google account to sync with your device .
i had the same problem and i found the solution is to rename a file in the system folder : remount /system in read/write mode ( use something like the root explorer app or es file explorer ; both have root modes ( check the app 's settings ) for remounting /system as writable ) rename the /system/recovery-from-boot . p to /system/recovery-from-boot . p-bak ( note : you could delete it , but renaming is much safer since its easily reversible ) you could also do this manually in an adb shell or on-phone terminal session : mv /system/recovery-from-boot . p /system/recovery-from-boot . p-bak after you have renamed the file , you might have to re-flash your cwm if it had been missing previously http://androidforums.com/galaxy-nexus-all-things-root/470831-how-all-things-root-samsung-galaxy-nexus.html#post3712027
there is no difference . the device was simply renamed within the build system between the release of cm9 and cm10 , as the cyanogenmod wiki page for the i9100 notes : this device used to be called galaxys2 on get . cm , so older builds of cm can still be found under that title . so builds of cm9 ( or earlier ) will use the galaxys2 moniker , whereas builds from cm10 onward will use i9100 .
i would suggest clearing the data . also , are you sure that the contact is actually being synced by the facebook application . the facebook application may not think that the contact is the " same person " that you know that it is . i would clear the data and reset up the syncing for the facebook app . there maybe something in there that is preventing the image to update . maybe a corrupt image , or data .
try this app : fb remap for htc chacha
you need to do a factory reset via Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Privacy -&gt; Factory Data Reset ( this may be under a different menu on newer versions of android . ) factory reset formats your device , erasing all 3rd-party installed apps and their settings . it also dis-associates your accounts ( google , or any others you may have added ) from the device , removing any synced contacts . you may also wish to format your sd card if you are giving it along with the phone . apps , books , music and videos that you purchased via google play store are tied to your google account . you will be able to re-download them to your new android device after signing in with your google account .
at the time i was semi-blindly following another poorly written walkthrough that just had a series of commands without explaining them . now with some knowledge i eventually worked out that it was better to flash the image to the phone . still do not know why it was taking so long though . eventually with flashing to the phone and then the cyanogen mod , i got it all working . now with rommanager on my phone it'll be sooo much easier in future !
answer : no based on the currently available information at their support faq page , no , you cannot disable the " sim card change notification " feature with remove sms control : how can i control device via sms configuration 1 ) set a password and enable sms command option using " preference " menu of the app 2 ) send sms commands locate phone : ## locate password siren : ## siren password lock screen : ## lock password screenlockpassword factory reset : ## wipe password reset and format sd : ## wipeall password toggle gps : ## gps password toggle wifi : ## wifi password toggle bluetooth : ## bluetooth password what can you do : you can let the phone owner know how to access the app and from there , pressing " preferences " , it can access the " allow notify via sms " enable/disable checkbox :
there is this graph from over at wikipedia , which uses the data from google 's dashboard .
enter the message application , click the menu button and enter settings , select " text input mode " and change the option from automatic to gsm alphabet . when you type in the message it appears as special characters but when the message is sent it is automatically converted to normal text .
i do not think that there is any standard way in the market for developers to declare what license their app is developed under . a normal text search of the market for " gpl " comes up with hundreds of apps that have specifically put the word gpl in their title or description . other than that an awful lot of the android gpl developers seem to host their code on google code , everything there is open source and there are ways that you can search that by license type , that might well be the closest that you can get ( though you will obviously miss out on developers who host their code elsewhere ) .
not as far as i know ; it is name is just " browser " . to distinguish it from the other browsers , sometimes i call it " stock browser " . btw , it is called firefox now ( or firefox mobile ) , and no longer fennec .
actually , tasker is the key here . you can find a tutorial here : control which app is the default for an action . in addition to tasker , you will need the secure settings plug-in . the action involved which can be found there is called package state , where you can select between disable , enable , and toggle . so basically it is a work-around : you disable firefox when switching to 3g , so only opera is available then and will be used . as soon as you switch to wifi ( tasker condition : wifi connected ) , you toggle both package states , so firefox becomes the default browser as it is the only one available .
i am sure this is fixed in the latest gmail app which you should be able to download from the market . ( this used to bug the hell out of me - sometimes the drop down would work , other times not , completely at random . have not had the issue since the last gmail app update )
this was an issue with cm7 builds up until 7.0.2 after which it was fixed .
most custom roms include this functionality as part of the power widget . for stock firmware you have to resort to 3rd-party apps such as scanmedia or sdrescan , for example .
just having a usb port is not enough : the host device also needs to understand what protocol the whiteboard uses to communicate ; in other words , the language the whiteboard speaks . there are a number of standard protocols , or profiles , for common devices such as keyboards and mice , but a whiteboard is not one of these . if the whiteboard works by pretending to be a mouse , then it might work as a mouse in android just by plugging it in . the specs for the whiteboard should say " usb hid profile " or something like that , in that case ; or if you have used it with a pc , you might already have noticed something similar . if the whiteboard does not act as one of the standard profiles , you will need the manufacturer of the device to provide drivers and user software for android . a driver for windows or linux will not do . depending on how the driver works , it might be in the form of an app you can just install the usual way , but more likely , there will be a kernel module , and you will need to compile your own custom rom for your device ( which may not be possible for your device anyway , if other drivers for the device are not available ) .
to return to the last page you visited , you can just tap on the screen to notice a bar in the bottom . if you look closer you can see a blue triangle that marks the last visited page . click on it and you will return to that page ! click image for larger version hope this helps .
i got a reply from htc technical support . make of it what you will , i have asked the lady to clarify what she means as i do not understand her engrish . thank you for providing me with the additional details to enable me to resolve your enquiry . it’s always our aim to ensure that our customers’ issues are resolved first time and i’m sorry that this has not happened in your case . thank you for performing the steps outlined in my previous email . i can confirm this has been removed in the 1.28 update for your device , headset setting they have now are gone and turns into “other” . i am sorry for any inconvenience this may have caused you . i look forward to hearing that this has resolved your enquiry , to close your email or alternatively to reply to me please follow the links below . you will shortly receive an email asking you to submit your feedback , i would appreciate if you could take the time to let me know about the level of service i have provided you with . apologies for the formatting , the htc support portal strips everything ! :facepalm : so , in order to see the icon again . you need to plugin a headset/headphones drag down your notifications bar , and hit ' settings ' click on ' sound ' you will notice the ' sound enhancer ' menu is now not greyed out tap this and you will then get a choice of ' sound enhancers ' to use confirmed as working for me .
in my experience , yes . i tried without wiping and cm7 failed to boot .
i tried a different approach , seeing the problem was with radio / telephony . . . i put in another sim from a different carrier , and so far i am having no reboots ! what is the difference ? my main carrier is a " virtual carrier " , a company that rents other company 's network to offer their service , usually with more competitive prices . the sim i am using now is from a traditional carrier that owns the network directly . what i think happens is that when using a virtual carrier , you are having a sort of permanent roaming : the phone has to first get into the network owning carrier and then join the virtual network of the virtual carrier . somehow this is making the droid 3 crazy . the signal strength meter was indeed showing a small " r " indicating i was in roaming . i assumed this was because being an us phone , it took any non-us network as roaming , but now that i am using the regular carrier sim , the signal strength bar is not showing " r " anymore . seems i will have to change my carrier to a network owner , which unfortunately have much less competitive prices . but at least i found a way of using the droid 3 without constant reboots ! ! for future reference to other spanish users : i am having the reboots using a simyo sim ( which runs on the orange network ) , but with a movistar sim there are no reboots .
no one answered my question , but i found the answer . i earned a badge tumbleweed . . lol because , battery drivers do not implement the same .
on ics , click on the applications icon , then select menu &gt; edit . you can now drag-and-drop any application icon you want to the row with the default icons . note that you can remove the phone and contacts icons , but not the applications icon . i am not sure if there is a similar feature in the touchwiz launcher on froyo , but alternatively you can look around and install a different launcher that does allows you to customize everything . you may want to start by reading this article
assuming you are using the gmail app , simply start a new message , then choose Menu | Attach and select what you want to attach . you will need to repeat for each file , but you can certainly add more than one .
these files are all system images for the android emulator . that is , they contain the filesystems for the emulated android phone inside the emulator . the ones that are in sdk directories can be removed from the android sdk manager and reinstalled any time you want . the ones in your user directory were generated by running the emulator : they contain the files and data you have created in the emulator . only you know whether they contain any important data . if your emulated android system does not have any data you want to save , you can delete them . make sure to remove the corresponding avd entries that use them from the avd manager , as the avd will not be able to boot once you have removed its files : you will have to start a new avd from scratch . btw , it is not necessary to download a fresh android sdk each time you install an ide . just tell the ide the path where you installed the android sdk . rather than just worrying about the large files , it'll be better to completely remove the copies of the sdk you are not using .
the best thing for this is going to be tasker . best three bucks you will ever spend on an android phone .
automated solutions could involve tasker : make a job running in intervals ( e . g . all 3 hours ) , with the task to shell-execute rm -rf /data/log/* as root , should keep the folder clean . tasker has a " run shell " command , where you can tick " use root " – that is what you would need .
it may be the link to the play store was lost . i think if you install an app from , say , the amazon app store , google play will not be able to update or uninstall it , as the link is gone . similarly , restoring an app from a previous rom backup may not create that link . titanium backup can recreate the links ( the free version can can not do this ) . or you could uninstall the app and try installing it fresh from google play .
if you can do at least some upnp operations , there is nothing wrong with your network . capability of browsing dms ( aka upnp pull ) does not imply a capability of receiving commanded content from dms/dmc ( aka upnp push ) . dmr has a separate set of optional functions for pushing , which may or may not be implemented . the simplest way of diagnosing is to start devicespy from intel upnp developer tools ( windows application ) . that will give you all devices in local network , which do publish some upnp interfaces . the one you are looking for is AVTransport ( upnp namespace intentionally omitted ) . no avtransport means no push . you should see at least a core function SetAVTransportURI there . do not be surprised if some dmr software does not show up at all . capability of browsing dms and playing content from it does not require publishing any upnp interfaces . dmc does not publish any interfaces itself either , it just knows how to operate other upnp interfaces . about the lack of push-capable dmr implementations for android : push means that the software must be capable of sitting there with an open port and just waiting for commands from any dmc . my wild theory is that this somehow does not align with what android applications can or should do . the fact is that i have bubbleupnp and upnpplay myself on my android and i confirm that neither implement push . you can try the rest of wiki list and let me know the result : )
you have done your research right , bro . another recommended way is using the commandline fastboot which can be easily followed-through here . i am using the same custom rom as you are , though , i can not utilize the bootloader interface on the phone as i already cut off the flex of its volume rockers ( yields nonbooting issues for me already ) . it'll work just like it did on mine . not an official wwe ( international ) radio , though . the latest wwe applicable is 12.65 . xxxx but gps will not function already when using jellytime r30 ( which is based on the latest pull from cm10 ) . since you already have flashed a custom rom i believe it is safe to say you do not have to deal with issues regarding s-off
you can not . rim 's pin system and bbm are proprietary . you can only communicate with a blackberry user via pin messages or bbm if you have a blackberry . get a new bold 9900 / 9930 , they are great ! full disclosure : i work for rim . this is not an official statement from rim either , this is me speaking as a user in my off time at home . i honestly think the new bold is the best bb yet .
that is not duplicates . if you are the " device owner " , /storage/emulated/0/ is your storage area ( where your files etc . reside ) . /storage/emulated/legacy/ is a symbolic link , always pointing to the logged-in user 's storage . that is , if you are the device owner , and you are logged in , both locations are identical . if some apps show the contained files as " dupes " , they obviously have problems interpreting symlinks . while for the gallery , this sounds pretty strange ( if we are talking about the stock gallery , and not a 3 rd party app ) : the very same android developers who designed the multi-user capabilities should have been aware of that . still , this is not the first time i heard about it . i cannot find the other issue currently , but a solution is as follows : go to settings&rarr ; apps&rarr ; manage apps , and scroll to the gallery app . open its entry , tap " clear cache " and " delete data " . tap the back key , and repeat the same for the " media storage " app . do not be afraid about losing data : the media scanner will re-collect them at its next run . you can trigger the scan by either . . . powering off/on the device ( bah ! ) going to settings&rarr ; storage and safely remove the sdcard , then mount it again ( ok for one-time use : ) using a helper app like e.g. sdrescan or rescan sd card ! ( if you need it more often ) once the media scanner is finished , all your media should re-appear in the gallery app . hopefully without the " dupes " : )
there are some projects that have gotten livesuit to work on linux , such as this website and details in this forum . most of what i could find focused on a10 chipsets , but a13 is close enough that it might work ( of course , you will have to find a13 specific roms ) . the second link also shows how to manually install drivers . since you did not specify your exact model , you may have to modify the directions somewhat to work with your device . the easiest solution , of course , is to get access to a windows box . a year ago , linux support was not so good , so i had to borrow someone 's computer for a bit to flash my allwinner a13 tablet . even more restrictive is the ability to generate your own rom images . i could not find anything that would work on linux , so i was stuck using windows to upgrade my tablet * to android 4.1 . *i wrote this post .
if it is a wall charger with plugs that match your outlets , the input range should be covered . normal usb chargers are 5 v at up to 1.8 ma . the voltage is the main concern -- standard usb ports for pcs only go up to 900 ma , which is why they charge slower . you can see the usb power specs on wikipedia : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/usb#power ( in sum , any usb charger that you can trust to do what it says on its specs should work fine . a crappy no-name charger might lie , but two samsung chargers should be 100% interchangeable . )
fota - firmware over-the-air this is the update sent to the os via your service provider ( for 3g/gprs/edge . . ) or wifi . it will download an image of the new firmware from the server and install it after you accept .
i used to use pptp , but switched to openvpn , which is now what i prefer . as far as security , openvpn is known to be pretty bulletproof . pptp is the only one with real issues , though it is still fine for protecting against your average dope using firesheep at starbucks . given the recent nsa revelations i personally would not touch the ones by cisco and/or microsoft ( pptp , l2tp ) with a 10 foot pole . the other ones supported by android were designed in the open by committee ( the ietf ) , which i know nothing about other than we now know the nsa tried to influence that kind of thing . but i think it is unlikely they seriously broke them if they tried so whether that bothers you depends on your level of paranoia about the nsa . as far as the ui goes , the built in vpn configuration ui is a little clunky , and openvpn 's is a little more clunky . but when you want to connect to the vpn , you have to go through a few layers of settings to get to the built in stuff , whereas you can have the openvpn icon right on your homescreen . the built in vpn does not attempt to reconnect if you get disconnected . openvpn can be configured to retry a certain number of times . this was big for me .
looks like the external keyboard helper app lets me switch layouts of an external usb keyboard on my nexus 7 , no root access needed .
no , the droid is a cdma phone . in general you can assume that phones on verizon and sprint will not work on at and t or t-mobile , and vice-versa .
to add to @mattthew ' s comment , even if you move the apps to sd card part of them always reside inside internal memory . also the system needs to know what apps are installed , apps like market need to know about them . so , no they will not work after factory reset . for big games like from gameloft the extra data you downloaded from inside the game will work though . i do not know what will happen to this with the new market policy of allowing upto 4gb files .
just about every samsung device can be flashed with odin , regardless of what firmware is installed on it at the time . for specific instructions you can refer to this xda thread , which explains how to flash a rooted fc09 image : put your device into download mode connect to your computer and make sure odin recognizes your device flash the clockworkmod . tar . md5 . make sure everything is unchecked including autoreboot ! ! ! ! once odin does its thang , unplug your phone and pull the battery now reboot into cwm recovery by pressing and holding the power button , camera , and volume down button until the capacitive buttons at the bottom show now locate the rom . zip . it should be called deodexedfc09 . zip wipe data/factory reset , wipe cache partition , wipe dalvik cache , and if you want wipe batt stats now reboot , and you should be running stock rooted fc09 ! odin : http://www.mediafire.com/?66csfeo1ce95ysw cwm tar : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1357655 stock fc09: http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1580931 you should be able to get the epic into download mode by doing the following : you enter download mode by shutting device completely off . then open the physical keyboard press and hold the 1 key and then press power for a few seconds . downgrading , rooting , and then updating seems unnecessarily complicated . the updates probably would not apply on their own once the device was rooted , so you had need to install them manually anyway . you might as well just install the image you want straight away instead , whether that is a stock one like the above linked image or cyanogenmod .
this happens when you use link2sd or apps2sd and move either the swype app or the swype installer app to your sd card . to fix it , move the installer and swype back to the phone and reboot . i found some of this information on http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1042241 the rest i figured out by trying things .
there is no way to do this natively in the settings of android , as you have noticed . however , there is an app on the android market called " wifi static " that should help you with what you are looking for .
android currently does not support usb audio paths . you can use usb audio if you have a nexus 5 with android l preview . otherwise you are out of luck .
as stated in the comments under the question , opera mobile acts in a much more sensible manner , creating a new tab for each link clicked . https://market.android.com/details?id=com.opera.browser
you do not need to use 3rd party things like a swap partition or zramswap . 512mb ram was/is still standard and will be sufficent for almost all scenarios most probably for some time ( at least for android 4.0 and 4.1 , see this cyanogenmod forum post ) . ( you stated in the comments that your xperia active has 512mb ram ) longer version : to begin with , " rom " is basically a false name for the system partition and means read-only-memory ( it is most of the time mounted read-only , hence " rom" ) , this sits most probably on some kind of nand flash . ram ( random-access-memory ) is ' working ' memory that is really fast but volatile in comparison to nand flash . both types are needed ( fast vs . persistent ) and cannot be interchanged . at least not completely ( you could add a swap partition on custom roms . ) at first : do not use the internal memory as swap ! flash storage ( nand ) has only about 10.000 write cycles . better use your sdcard for it . see this guide on xda for the pro 's and con 's and howto do it . if you just want to play around and wonder if you could do something useful with the free space on your /data partition : do not do it . leave it the way it is . here 's a basic picture illustrating a regular architecture .
the galaxy s plus i9001 looks like the i9000 however it has completely different internals : side by side comparison at gsmarena . com different cpu ( 1.4ghz qualcomm snapdragon vs . 1ghz samsung hummingbird ) different gpu ( adreno vs powervr ) different baseband modules ( the i9001 has faster hsdpa ) better battery , less internal space ( 512mb vs 2gb for the i9000 ) most importantly , the i9000 is well supported while the i9001 's community support is rather poor . there is no official cm port for it . see the i9001 's forum at xda-developers.com. regarding the approaches : yes , you can use the same tools and your knowledge for the i9000 . just not the same rom downloads .
go to https://play.google.com/store/account , with a regular desktop . then click on the tab ' orders ' , you shall find there all the apps you downloaded via google play . after clicking Install or Installed button , you will get pop-up having device list . if app is already installed in a device with linked status , device would be inactive to send install signal . it can be used as identifier .
try an app named soundabout . it can let you configure this to work .
mtd ( memory technology device ) is a type of partition map ( configuration of partitions of nand ) . partition map allows those who are using it control over how their partitions are sized and how much space is allocated here and how much space is taken away from there . a file system resides on the partition map and governs the data being read , wrote , moved etc by the os ( android ) . changing a file system of a partition is very easy , but changing overall partition mapping is not . plus , partition mapping decides which file system to support . so , its choice is very important . mtd is open source . mtd supports yaffs2 as a file system residing on it governing how data is transferred and the speed of which it is done . ext2 through 4 are not possible with mtd . due to open source nature , it gives you full control over partitions . choose mtd if you use cyanogenmod or miui type custom roms . a bit of knowledge : samsung 's stock rom uses bml partition map . bml is proprietary in nature . it is close source .
gps works fine in a case or pocket . you do need a generally unobstructed view ( from a radio perspective , not necessarily a visible perspective ) of the sky ( no trees/buildings/etc . in the way , but thin barriers , like say a tent , will not present a problem . ) in order to pick up the gps signals from the satellites . ideally , you should have as clear and as wide a view of the sky as possible . ideal conditions would be standing in a flat empty field with visibility to the horizon in all directions . narrow that view of the sky by adding buildings and trees and your ability to obtain an accurate lock starts to degrade and you get more and more error in your position , until such point where you can not get an accurate lock ( or in extreme cases , like being in a deep basement or similar , any lock at all ) at all .
yes , it is using a push notification via google cloud messaging ( gcm ) , the same as google+ hangouts , google+ , gmail , and some third-party apps .
i have done some research and it seems to be an oddity of the tablet . when you do ' move to sd ' whats happening is its moving data to another part of the -internal- sdcard . you can not move apps to the external one e.g. http://yatse.leetzone.org/redmine/boards/2/topics/259#.utfgxxyen8e thanks anyway
credit to izzy for the solution . the problem with the factory reset was that google back up copy included some apps and they were reinstalled . so you have to untick the back up to google on the recovery menu and make sure to untick it when you are starting up your phone again . it is checked as default . it even solved the issue i had with the dictionary app , as i could re choose the dictionary i need .
there is not a native notes app for the nexus s because it does not have touchwiz ui . i am quite certain the voice action ' note to self ' actually sends an email to yourself ( i do not personally use that action , not sure it likes a british accent ) there are loads of third party apps though . for example scribb . it is full to the bursting with features , ak notepad is quite a good simple one or evernote has a strong following and quite a few more features .
i am leaving my old answer since the browse and parsing examples may still be useful for some people . thanks to the developer 's version 5.5 update to sshelper , you can create a user defined name to be the phones zeroconf instance name . sshelper will run the ssh server on a non-rooted android . it will register the bluetooth name as the zeroconf name . now , as long as the machine you are connecting from has the avahi/bonjour client software , you can ping , ssh , sftp , or rsync to phonename . local . if you do not change your bluetooth name , it will default register with the device model name . e.g. " nexus_4" # For example: ping Nexus_4.local SSH Nexus_4.local 
i am going to assume that , as suggested in the comments , brightness is ( for some reason ) one of the settings that gets wiped when the sim is swapped .
looks like this might be hardware , but not broken hardware . edit : see comments below , but i suspect this is actually the tag hardware i was using and not the phone hardware causing the problem . this appears to be a design flaw with the nexus 4 and i would absolutely love to hear from any other nexus 4 owners who use nfc tags . i managed to get it to work consistently with some tags at home ( i.e. . not broken hardware ) . the only tags i can get to work though are " sticker " tags . the other tags i have are wrapped in some kind of hard plastic enamel to protect them from damage and allow you to carry them on a keychain etc . . . ( also some which are specially designed to work near metal and other sources of interference , they did not work , i assume because they are also thicker than paper ) . any nfc tag that was made of the thicker plastic ( i.e. . not a pure sticker ) would not scan , i am thinking this has to do with range . i could get them to scan somewhat inconsistently so i know the tags were ok ( also tested on other phone ) . they also scanned better when i removed the back cover , but this cover is literally 1mm thick . maybe 1.5mm . it is a ringke slim . so i have to conclude there is something internal to the nexus 4 that is ruining the range . seems like a massive oversight , but what other conclusion can you draw from the results i have so far ? will update if i learn more . does anyone have a nexus 4 and use a thicker nfc tag ( basically anything that is not paper thin ) ? if so , let me know , otherwise i will accept this answer in a few days .
no it is not possible . even if you send him a message without him adding you as a contact the first thing he will see is your number .
open joined contact > menu button > mark as default > chose account , name , phone . thats all .
there are really only 2 tool tips that you dismiss . you had be better off finding a tutorial or video to teach her .
what you want to achieve is working perfectly fine e.g. with locus maps , as i can say from my own experience . you can even use kmz files − and if they are self-contained ( i.e. . all pictures etc . are inside the file , no external resources linked ) , you can even create your own travel guides ( i did that , works like a charm ) . the offline maps can be selected and downloaded for free from inside the app as well .
possible options , though not ideal ones : flash a custom rom that uses the vanilla contacts app export your contacts from google and import them manually ( shut off sync )
you might want to take a look at scriptmanager : manage and execute shell scripts and programs in file system . all executions run over vt100 terminal accepting user input and esc codes ( colors , bel , cursor movement . . ) run them at boot-up and/or on network status change possibility . schedule at selected time . ( cron jobs ) alternatively , tasker can be used as well to execute scripts ( and other tasks ) at certain events – as , e.g. , on boot .
so far , it seems like this dictionary has eluded people all over . there are a few things that have worked for most people as far as getting swype under control . to delete a single word , type it using swype , highlight it ( by clicking or double clicking the word ) , and press the swype key ( button with " info " icon ) to add a word , type it very carefully letter by letter and press the swype key to save it to the dictionary to batch add multiple words to the dictionary ( this has been tested and worked ) , type the words you wish to add in a text document ( either on your phone or on your computer and then view it on your phone ) . highlight the block of text and push the swype key . this should add every word in the block to the dictionary .
i am afraid you delete the whole system on your device , so that there is currently no rom to boot . what you can do now is to flash a rom . if you have an external sd card slot , then push your rom files and g-apps onto it and insert the card and flash via recovery . if your device does not have an external sd card slot or you do not have one , you have to flash the rom via adb . here 's a link to that : xda-wiki i hope i understood you correctly and that it helps
try disabling the talkback feature if it is on . go to Settings&gt;Accessibility&gt;Talkback and uncheck .
once the encryption screen comes up , android may have gotten far enough in the bootprocess for the adb server to start . if you have adb set up on the computer , check and see if the computer can recognize the phone by typing adb devices . if you see device with a serial number , then just simply type adb reboot recovery . ( if you do not have adb , there are several guides that can be found via google that explain how to get it set up . )
do you mean you want to see which ports are being used on the pc or android device ? you can use the netstat command for this . on windows : netstat -an | find /i "listening" on linux : `netstat -an | grep " listen " ( notice the space after listen ) this shows all the ports that are listening for incoming connection ( i.e. . have a server of some kind behind them ) . if you need to know which server , you can use this on linux : netstat -anp | grep "LISTEN " . do not know about the windows counterpart , but there is a -o switch to print the process id and you can compare it to the ones in task manager .
no . apps on android can not interfere with each other 's operations to the extent you describe . i can think of two options that come close to what you describe : use a standard pgp app and copy-and-paste ciphertext between that and the chat app . if the chat app you are using uses direct client-to-client transmissions , instead of every message going via a server , then you could set up a vpn and ask your partner to join it before starting to chat with you . to be honest , neither of these options , nor the ideal circumstance you describe , sound like an easier sell than simply asking your friends to use a secure chat system . i suggest to you that jabber offers this functionality while allowing a choice of clients , some of which can also use different chat systems , so it might be the easiest transition path .
the “micro-usb” headphone used by lg gs155 is not really an usb device — it just uses the usb connector for the same analog audio signals as in usual 3.5 or 2.5 mm round connectors . look at the microusb to 3.5 or 2.5 jack headset pinout . in order to work with such headsets , the phone needs to have the appropriate hardware to detect the type of connected device and switch functions of usb port pins from usb to analog audio . it is highly unlikely that the phone will have such hardware if it also has a standard 3.5 or 2.5 mm audio connector . even older htc phones using the proprietary “extusb” connector compatible with mini-usb did not switch pin functions when a headset is connected — they used separate pins for audio . the only way to connect this headphone to your new phone is to build an adapter with a 3.5 mm plug and a micro-usb type b receptacle connector , so that the headphone will be connected to the audio circuit through the 3.5 mm audio connector on the phone .
i believe this xda forum post will give you a good head start . note : this is written for the sapphire . compiling and flashing a kernel for the n1 . another guide from xda forums . compiling systems apps .
okay , so firstly i will help removing that ok google funcationality from the home screen : 1 . go to google now > tap settings > voice > " ok google " hotword detection > here you will see an option to disable ok google on home screen . now for the search bar , if you are running slimkat , then you are probably on one of the two custom launchers pre-installed in slimkat , so go to their settings , either by long holding on homecreen , or you can go to settings > home > here you will see the launchers installed , and mostly there is a settings/options key beside them , tap on that or if settings key is not there try tapping on the launcher name ( it should take you to settings ) . once in launcher settings , you should go to homescreen specific settings and disable search bar from there . get back to me if any of the above mentioned things do not work .
what is really the purpose of the virtualizer ? i am unable to understand why you have asked this . virtualizers make music cool . using it , users can tweak music listening experience . it enables you to experience live concert in a car , for example . the difference from 1% to 100% is also noticeable but it is not even close to the difference when the virtualizer is disabled compared to when it is enabled . its because your speakers are not that powerful . just connect your device to a high-end speaker and feel the changes . how does the virtualizer work ? how does this sound effect simulate a live show music ( atleast that is what it feels like to me ) ? demystify yourself when you are at a live concert . your ear drums interface the air with special vibrations ( sound waves ) which gives you that feeling . at home , air hitting your ear drum does not have that specialty of live show . what virtualizer does is that it vibrates the air ( hitting ear drum ) in special way . in short , virtualizers just alter the sound in a special way . how these algorithms work in background is out of scope of this site . to understand them , you need a strong background in computer science and acoustics ( physics dealing with mechanical waves ) . its thing of research . i can bet that even developers of playerpro have not invested time and money to develop it . they have just used openly available libraries developed by research organizations , universities etc .
try uninstalling and re-installing it . clear the app data . might be a bug with the custom rom ( ignore if on stock ) . as for why it is happening , could be a faulty installation imo , but if the package was faulty , it would not get installed in the first place . anyhow , just try the above steps .
on android phone . just type in the dial *#9900# then choose the second one " delete dumpstate/logcat " . problem is solved .
as you mention go launcher ex as your target launcher , you are lucky : there is a complete description on how to migrate your screens , which you can find at addictivetips . basically , this involves an app called desk migrate , which claims to copy home screens from one launcher to another launcher . according to the linked article , it seems do do a nice job . just one thing to keep in mind : desk migrate has been developed to work only with go launcher ex and supports copying from only a handful of launchers . ok , another lucky point for you : looks like adw . launcher was one of the 7 launchers the addictives successfully tested to migrate from -- lucky you !
note : i am on samsung galaxy s2 , android 4.0.3 elixir for android has an " sd mount toggle " feature . it could unmount a removable card ( /mnt/sdcard/external_sd ) , but not ( /mnt/sdcard ) . i could not get it to mount by clicking the toggle again , but a restart [ toggle also available ] will mount the removable card . this is probably a bug with elixir ; and i will try to contact the developer .
yes you can do that . firstly enable the the developer mode by tapping the build number in about phone then go in developer options and then check force rtl layout
as noted in the comment , " battery drain " and " overheating " are not necessarily connected : not everything that drains your battery causes overheating . overheating is most likely caused by excessive cpu hogging ( which of course also leads to battery drain ) . you might want to take a look at the app drainguard , which keeps a log of battery consumption , always informs you how much was consumed since you turned the screen off last time , and -- here it comes -- it can start an alarm when some app causes excessive battery drain . values are configurable : the free version only works from 100% charge down to 70% , which is fine for testing . once you decided the app serves your purpose , the drainguard pro key is available on the playstore for less than an euro .
answering my own question , this seems to just be my misunderstanding of how google now works . i was typing the search and expecting a voice response . but apparently it only responds with a voice if you ask with a voice . if i use voice search , then a voice does indeed reply . leaving this question/answer here in case anyone else has the same misunderstanding .
yes there is : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.into.stability but if you do not have root , then it is a bit limited in features .
first of all make sure you have turned your gps ( if available ) and data connection turned on . this helps the device to get your precise location easily . when using the app , make sure that you do not touch your devices screen by mistake . this often happens even without you knowing it and causes the map to tilt , losing the automatic center alignment of your current position . now open the app and press . then the map will center to your current location . then tap the location icon again . now the location icon should move with you . tap the location icon again and then it will look like . now you should get a more driver friendly view with your location icon moving smoothly . happy driving !
yes . this is possible use 1-vpn app which lets you do this . but , it is not compatible with android 4.0+ , and you have to pay for it ( only a $0.90 ) . if the payment is worth the burden you go through every time you connect , that is your best option . alternatively you can use 5-vpn which is free and requires you to go through 5 taps to connect . your last alternative is vpn show which is only capable of taking you to your vpn settings screen .
there're two flavors of usb ports - powered and unpowered . unpowered ports can not supply power to the devices and are rather rare . you identify them easily - connect the smartphone to them and see if it starts charging . if it starts charging the port is powered and you are okay .
instead of widget use apps like data switch . unlike widget this app does not consume resource when idle . there are tons of other apps/widget if you do not like this one or this one does not work for you . for eg : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.aispl.mdsswitch https://market.android.com/details?id=ru.chernish2 https://market.android.com/details?id=com.m039.tools https://market.android.com/details?id=com.myreallife.mobiledata https://market.android.com/details?id=com.datalinkswitch
as i mentioned my phone was connected to the laptop . that was causing the problem . on my laptop mobilego ( pc suit for android ) services were running . when mobilego detected the device it tried to connect with it . which was actually interrupting the installation process . from my task manager i stopped the mobilgo services and the installation went through .
yes . this is definitely possible , requiring no modifications or drivers on the pc . as the op mentions , the usb identification on the phone end is ultimately done in software ( in this file https://github.com/android/kernel_msm/blob/android-msm-2.6.35/drivers/usb/gadget/composite.c ) , and it could be modified to identify itself as a standard usb keyboard . this change would require a couple of things . a modified kernel with a patched usb driver an android app that could talk to some interface exposed by the modified usb driver . there was a paper published a couple of years ago ( titled exploiting smart-phone usb connectivity for fun and profit ) that described using a phone to brute-force desktop login screens . the method they used involved making the phone appear as a usb keyboard .
the official announcement on the cm forums states : the issue was in the ril code , which is just typical code and libraries packaged in the rom ( e . g . /system/lib/libril.so , for example ) . the cm team recommended installing a samsung rom noting that any samsung rom is fine and any aosp rom would have issues . there is no permanent damage since the ril code was replaced when you reflashed . they specifically cited the issue was related to closed-source ril code , so this would not happen with a stock rom unless samsung severely borked their ril code . only 911 was listed as a problem , but i do not know ( and neither have the cm team ever stated ) if other emergency numbers were affected . official support for the vibrant did not occur until 7.1 , which was gingerbread . it is really hard to say if older versions were affected , but i would assume yes ( if they exist somewhere still ) . the announcement states that the issue was fixed and the vibrant is officially supported at this point .
keep screen on during calls that setting is not available on all phones , but if it was it would be under : home > settings > call settings > [ display > ] . . . but as for the difficulty turning the screen on be sure that the power button does not end calls ( settings > accessibility > power button ends call : make sure it is unchecked ) then just pull the phone away and press the power button to turn the screen on .
possible solutions , in descending order of idealism and difficulty : create a custom rom , with the apps you want on it , which you can flash onto these devices . this question is a good starting place for that . write your own app , which automatically installs the other apps . the first answer to this thread provides the code to install apps programmatically . the easiest solution , if it suits your needs , would to be to use one of many " installer " apps . if you can drop the apps on the tablets after installing your stock rom ( ideally on an sd card ) , you could then install an " installer " app . then either run it yourself , or instruct your users to run it and install the listed apps . in any of these solutions , you will have to write the desktop computer application which has the few-button interface for users , which does the flashing and installing . whether you do a custom rom or a stock one , you will have to automate its install . this thread has some help on automating rom installation .
there are some apps who have this feature , like switch off , reboot and etc . one of them is notification toggler , this app isnt particularly for switch off and reboot stuff , but you can do that also . : ) edit:: i think you have to root your device to use reboot and shutdown , you can not do it without root unless applications are signed with the system firmware key . and playstore applications are not that kind of applications that are signed with that . edit 2: to root your device , check out these links , link 1 link 2 link 3
there are two types of protection offered by the android market . the original copy protection is now deprecated and is apparently fairly easily circumvented . google now recommends that developers implement its licensing service , which requires a bit of effort on the part of the developer . it requires internet connectivity and checks whether the google account being used on the device has legitimately purchased the app . how often the app goes online to check the licence is up to the developer .
xprivacy is not a stand-alone application . it is a module of the xposed framework , and thus utilizes the latter to achieve its goals . so if the xprivacy dev " reports in " , he might just say : " waiting for the xposed team to show up " . . . oh , if you do not wanna wait : head straight to the xposed thread at xda for all the details . the intro over there states : i extended the /system/bin/app_process executable to load a jar file on startup . the classes of this file will sit in every process ( including the one for system services ) and can act with their powers . and even more : i have implemented something that allows developers to replace any method in any class ( may it be in the framework , systemui or a custom app ) . this makes xposed very powerful . you can change parameters for the method call , modify the return value or skip the call to the method completely - it is all up to you ! also replacing or adding resources is easy . so in short and simplified words : xposed replaces some system resources to " expose " the system api , so other apps ( acting as xposed modules ) can use it . amongst those other apps is – tam-tam-tam-tam-tam – xprivacy .
though it is not the identical situation , the solution which worked out for i am seeing duplicated images and videos on gallery might apply here as well : go to settings&rarr ; apps&rarr ; manage apps select the " all apps " tab find the gallery app , open its entry , tap " clear cache " do the same for the media storage app have the media scanner running again . this can be triggered by either a reboot of the device ( ugh ! ) unmounting/mounting the external sdcard if any ( hm . . . ) attach the device to your pc via usb , optionally copy some file to it , detach it again ( ok . . . ) for repeated use , take a look at apps like e.g. rescan media , scan media , or sdrescan ( yeah ! ) check if the duplicates are gone . if not , repeat everything , but this time additionally select to " delete data "
as a telecom engineer student , i know that one of the main limitation for power is the eirp ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/equivalent_isotropically_radiated_power ) . overpassing the eirp is one of the must known way to increase wifi router power ( by adding a better antenna , which leads to an increase in gain , and in power rx/tx ) . this power is perhaps fixed by the software in android handsets , and you could use this parameter to leverage the emission power . but , as far as i know it is illegal ( at least in france ) .
check out his blog post on it . launcherpro shortcuts are a new way of creating , adding , and sharing custom shortcuts for launcherpro . shortcuts are created and shared as lps files . lps files are self-contained shortcut files that have all the info needed to make a shortcut , including the label , icon , and android intent ( more on intents in a bit ) . they are written in a new format that i created for this purpose , which is based in xml . don’t worry , i created a web-based tool for creating these files so it’s as easy as filling out a form and downloading the resulting . lps file . a shortcut always needs an android intent to be “executed” when the shortcut is clicked . intents are the standard way of launching activities/apps and sending information and commands to apps in android . if you want to create your own launcherpro shortcuts , please read this page for a detailed explanation of how intents work and how to make your own . lps files need to be stored in your sd card , either in the root of the card , or inside the folders “download” , “downloads” or “lpshortcuts” . to add an lp shortcut to a homescreen , long-press on a blank spot , choose “shortcuts” and then “launcherpro shortcuts” . if you have any lps files in the previously mentioned folders in your sd card , they should show up on the list . you can click on “create new” to go to the web-based launcherpro shortcut creator tool . you can also access the launcherpro shortcut creator tool from your computer , and then put the generated lps file in your sd card . he also links to a lengthy forum thread where people are posting some of their shortcuts . i can not seem to find any other resources of shortcuts .
i asked this question to a friend and he suggested the audiomanager widget . it allows you to control volumes for alarm , media , alerts , ringer , system , and voice calls independently . it also allows you to toggle vibrate for alerts and ringer independently . so far , it seems to be a solid app .
at first , there is a current hardbrick warning and a tool to diagnose this for the galaxy note ( and other samsung devices ) . here 's the galaxy note n7000 cm9 team 's current issue list , it does not mention missing s-pen functionality ( unlike an experimental build #1 ) so i guess it is fixed . the cm9 alpha for n7000 announcement on xda also mentions s-pen beeing worked on . and finally , here 's the cm9 builds for n7000 and a full update guide .
i assume this was just a bug ; this option re-appeared in the " advanced " wi-fi settings after one of the ota updates .
download the app called rescan media from the market , run it then go back to your music player . the music that you downloaded from dropbox should now show up . there are other ways to force this media sync ( unmount / remount sd should do it ) but this app makes it just the press of a button .
stock android widgets are not re-sizable ( although this is supposedly a feature that will be coming soon ) . if you can re-size some of them one of two things is going on : either the developer of the widget made it that way , or samsung implemented this ability to work for some widgets . in the case of the latter they probably had to set it up specifically for the widgets that do it , so it is unlikely that any you find on the market are going to be re-sizable via touchwiz . however , you do have another option . launcher pro is a homescreen replacement app on the market ; the paid version ( yes the free version is misleadingly called launcher pro ) offers resizing widgets as one of the added features . to my knowledge that would work for any widget regardless of how the developer made it . so if you are willing to put a couple bucks into it , you can re-size any widget that you want .
a rom for the htc one will not work on the htc one x+ . despite the name similarity , they are completely different phones , with different hardware inside . ( the htc one x+ has a tegra 3 soc , while the htc one has a snapdragon . ) if you want to install a " stock android " rom on this phone , you will have to find one first , and as there is not a google play edition for the one x+ , this is very unlikely to exist . you might be best with a custom rom that does not have many customizations . generally , custom roms do not update over the air : you need to reflash whenever you want to upgrade to the latest version .
you do not necessarily need dlna for that , nor hdmi . wifi and the right app might do as well . take a look at e.g. remote gallery 3d , you cannot only have a slide show on your pc , but even manage your photos remotely . the app runs a web server on your device , which then can be accessed via any web browser ( i.e. . completely os independent ) . only requirement is flash capability . for a presentation , also have a look at youtube . this way you can even take your photo gallery with you when visiting friends or family : no installation on the pc required . so as long as wifi is available , you are fine . the app is free , so it comes without investing any extra money , as requested ; ) alternatively , you could setup a dlna server on your android device ( bubbleupnp would be a good choice for that ) . nex , you would need a client to access it from your mac ( take a look at this wikipedia list to pick one ) . start the server on your android device , then start the client on the mac . the client should automatically find and list your android device , and let you browse your media . what features are offered ( just pick single entries , make a slideshow , have background music played along ) depends on the client chosen . a third variant would be investigating in airplay . as that is apple 's own stuff , your mac should surely support it . there are a bunch or apps supporting airplay you could chose from ; not having a mac , i cannot be of assistance in this area . fazit by iliv : bubbleupnp is a very nice software . i am having a lot of fun trying out various combinations . one thing i learned this morning is that i can use vlc to browse and play all content on my phone : video , music and pictures . video playback intermittently stucks for a split second , very rarely , but it does . that is unfortunate , but i am wondering if it is a vlc or bubbleupnp issue , or maybe it is just that two do not get along well .
the error seems like something regular . a google search reveals many places it is mentioned ( with a logcat ) , but almost nowhere it is commented on -- except for galaxy w constant error in logcat ( xda ) . a shame they removed the wakelock stats from *#*#4636#*#* service menu ( which would have offered you a quick way to check ) with gingerbread and up . you might want to look for some monitor app on the market ( there is e.g. systempanel which might prove helpful ) to figure out what keeps your device awake . in case this app does not provide the required information ( i already mentioned wakelocks being the most probable cause ) , there is another useful app : betterbatterystats ( also mentioned in the xda-link ) seems to bring back wake-lock stats . as a short and eased-up explanation : an app might request the cpu not going to sleep , but still not actually use the cpu , though - the android powermanager api provides an interface for this ) . so betterbatterystats should help you find the responsible app : for reference , here 's the link to the betterbatterystats thread on xda , including the app ( and its changelog ) as well as some closer explanation , especially on wake-locks .
goto the last tab which has three horizontal lines as its icon . scroll down a little and you will see most recent
see here : http://rootmydroid.co.uk/guides/hero/howto-root-your-htc-hero/ like you , i got fed up with waiting for ota upgrade from orange . using villainrom 12 , which is brilliant . no regrets !
when i did the " note to self " , i was sent an email with the attachment ( i assume this is the function , i have never used it before ! ) . the attachment is the * . amr file that you can then download , and it will save it to download/RecordedMessage#.amr . after some searching , the original file is stored in phone memory , not external , at /data/data/com.google.android.voicesearch/files/RecordedMessage#.amr note that you could not find this file because you were not rooted , i used file x-plore and did a search in the entire Root section to find them . note : if you would like to delete them : with root : navigate to the aforementioned folder and delete them with your favorite root browser or adb without root : from the home screen , press Menu , select Settings then choose Applications-&gt;Manage Applications and select Voice Search from the list . on the app info page select Clear data . this will delete all data associated with voice search , including any recorded " notes to self " , but keep in mind , it may also erase any data recorded to better results on a user-by-user basis .
thanks to this answer to this question is moving apps to sd only available to rooted devices ? . i have discovered the getInstallLocation adb command and set the install location to internal on my un-rooted phone . with the android sdk installed , and my phone connected via usb with usb debugging mode switched on , enter the following commands : adb devices ( check that adb can see my phone , and start necessary services ) adb shell ( connects a shell to the phone ) pm getInstallLocation ( returns 0[auto] ) pm setInstallLocation 1 ( sets the default install location to internal memory ) pm getInstallLocation ( run again to check that it is now set to the correct location , returns 1[internal] ) exit safely remove hardware , unplug phone and all done , without any need for root !
you can check the accounts and sync in the settings . this will show you what is syncing . i am going to throw out a guess that you have the official twitter client installed and have sync data enabled . i used to get the " lock up " you describe all the time . the lock up is not really just from the app that is syncing , but it is causing it . . . samsung decided when they designed the galaxy s that the file systems that existed were not good enough for them . so they decided to use a proprietary file system that was developed by samsung called rfs . this file system is slow , like , really fricken slow . it is the cause of the " galaxy s lag " . even google decided , with the nexus s , that they were not going to use rfs on the device , it uses ext4 . there are " fixes " out there to convert the rfs to ext4 , but they do require you to have root access , a custom recovery ( like clockworkmod ) and to flash a rom or a kernel . voodoo is one of the best . roms like nero3 from teamwhiskey have voodoo built right in to their rom . now if you do not have root access and do not want to , there is really nothing that can be done to " correct " the lag that you are experiencing . . . except to disable the syncing of data that cause the lag .
finally , i got it resolved . the issue was with apn settings provided by my service provider . fixing that fixed downloading issue .
using nfc enabled phone like nexus s one can read nfc data exchange format ( ndef ) message content present in nfc tags . gingerbread ( i.e. . android 2.3 ) is capable of reading ndef format which is specified by nfc forum type 2 specification . nfc operates in the 13.56 mhz frequency range . nfc , is a subset of rfid that limits the range of communication to within a few centimeters . based on what i read and understood , my guess is nexus s should be able detect nfc tags and not the rfid . may be in later releases hardware would be capable enough to do that as well ! edit : here 's some additional info . edit2: android blog states following are the new nfc related features in android 2.3.3: a comprehensive nfc reader/writer api that lets apps read and write to almost any standard nfc tag in use today . advanced intent dispatching that gives apps more control over how/when they are launched when an nfc tag comes into range . some limited support for peer-to-peer connection with other nfc devices .
i am actually not sure that the kernel version matters for this exploit . it was a bug that was patched in the platform_system_core repository , which i think comprises libraries and system files that live on in the /system directory ( the readme says as much ) . the patch was committed on july 19 , 2010 ( in the froyo branch , anyway ) . i would wager that any kernel with a build date later than that also has the updated system files , so the system would not be vulnerable . uname -a would tell you the build date of a given device 's kernel , but beyond that i do not know that you could really line it up with a specific kernel version , especially on devices from different manufacturers/carriers/etc .
as peter mentioned , the requirements given might apply to stock rom . things may look different with special custom roms . take e.g. the htc wildfire , which comes with just a 576mhz single-core cpu and 384mb ram ( see gsm arena for full specs ) , and thus would not meet the minimum requirements . but put paranoid rom on it , which runs 4.0 , and it is reported to run even smoother than before ( no big deal , after kicking htc sense , i guess ; ) so it very much depends on multiple factors : how close does the device come to the " minimum requirements " , and how well was the custom rom optimized . i would say with your specs that close ( even slightly above ) to the mentioned htc wildfire/buzz , chances are good -- very good , indeed : head over to xda , read the topic , and grab your copy of paranoid android for the optimus one ( p500 ) : android 4.1.2 paranoidandroid v2.2 fully source compiled .
google+ messenger does require the background data checkbox to receive messages/updates while it is not the active app . however your messages should be sent instantly since the app would be active then . are you experiencing delays with other messengers using background data as well ? e.g. whatsapp a good discussion about background data , sync etc can be read here
you are right i just played with trying to set a dropbox image as my wallpaper , and can not believe that there is not an easier way . part of the problem seems to be that if you open a dropbox image , it is not sent to the gallery or the system default image viewer ( which would let you do things like set as wallpaper ) but dropbox uses its own ( html ? ) viewer . there are feature requests in dropbox 's " votebox " that are requesting features that would fix this . it is probably worth heading over there and letting them know that you had like this feature , this option looks like the most likely ( but you can just go to votebox and search for android to see all the relevant ones ) : add dropbox photos to android gallery update : if you download photos from dropbox , they do appear in the gallery in a folder called " photos " . now that they are in the gallery , you can set them as wallpaper the same as normal . you might need to force the media scanner to start before they will show up in the gallery , this previous question has options for forcing that to run .
this is actually an important question , and far better to ask now than try it and be stuck with a blank screen ! android roms are specific to the device . this is why cyanogenmod and others have the specific device model and code name on them . even in cases where the deveice looks and feels the same and has the same name e.g. samsung galaxy s4: gt-i9505 gt-i9500 they both run android 4.4 now , and they look and to all user purposes are the same device . under the hood there are differences , and no rom will be compatible between the two . i had used the google edition s4 as my example as roms were not compatible between two devices with exactly the same hardware , but work arounds are being found . the general rule is : if your device is not specifically listed do not install the rom ! in your case here i am sure it will brick the device as there is different hardware ( buttons etc ) , a different model code , and a different partition structure .
there are different mechanisms to store data in an android application that do not need the sd card access permission . you can create databases , store application parameters , create files on the internal storage . all these will not require any specific permissions and these data are accessible only by the application that created them . on the other side , if an application needs the sd card permission it may be because it as a very large amount of data to store or that it wants to modify/add/remove files such as in a file manager . but for important application specific data , the sd card if not recommended because it could be removed at anytime ( or mounted as a usb drive ) and not available to the applications . i think a lot of applications that ask sd access permission could use another type of data storage that would not require that . moreover , files created on the sd by an app will not be removed upon un-installation of the app but all other types of internal data storage will be . so to me it would be a better development practice not to use the sd if not required , and as you mentioned it would not scare people away like apps that access the whole sd .
while looking around my android filesystem , i found that it did , in fact have a /etc/init.d/ directory . after peeking around in there , i found /etc/init.d/20userinit with the following lines : this being , of course , exactly what i needed , i wrote the following script on my computer then pushed it to my device : #!/system/bin/sh dropbear -s -g  ( pushed to device via scp userinit.sh phone:/data/local/userinit.sh , mind you : ] ) rebooted the device , then ran ps | grep "[d]ropbear" , and sure enough , it is running . coolness !
a lot of people are asking that question . here 's one . some people are offering bounties . like at xda-developers . some people have suggested alternatives . axcrypt looks like an alternative , and there is an alpha product that works with it ( and dropbox ) called boxcryptor . but i have not found an actual port of truecrypt to android , nor any information about plans to do so .
do as follows : go to Settings &rarr ; Applications &rarr ; Samsung Apps and then tap the clear data and clear cache buttons . back to all applications , find samsung apps and click on it . select now the correct country . note : the correct country should be where you currently are , or the country in which you registered first . try first country first , and if it is still does not work - simply repeat steps 1-2 above with the other country . hope it works for you !
if you install pelya’s xsdl server from google play , you can use x11 aplications . in gnuroot type : apt-get install xfce4 it will install the xfce4 desktop environment and xorg with some utilities . and after several minutes of packages downloading and making configurations , start xsdl and set your favorite display resolution and zoom , and then type in gnuroot : display=127.0.0.1:0.0 startxfce4 switching to xsdl app , the xfce4 starts and you can now use the graphical interface . i found this solution at : http://www.r-ohjelmointi.org/?p=1434 some other things : * change font size as in ordinary gnome . * moving a flat finger is same as click and drag , for resizing etc . * i have to press the back button on the pad to get the screen keyboard displayed . this overlays lower part of x window though . * no terminal emulators seem to work properly . however , gnuroot can be used for that . * applications like gnu planner , gretl and gnu cash work without problems .
it would almost certainly void your warranty , even if you somehow managed to do it without rooting . they also probably would not work -- 2.3 introduced several features that are not present in 2.2 . and apart from google apps , many apps like gallery/etc . are device specific .
in the settings option you have application manager . in application manager if you swipe to the left you will get apps installed on the sd card . it should look something like this :
if you want to connect to your home pc from your phone , there is connectbot
android does not have " device drivers " . if you were to think of the entire android ecosystem within your handset , split into 3/4 , using the java programming language , the remaining 1/4 is the kernel written in c/assembler . it is there within the kernel is where the drivers are embedded . that is part of the kernel 's job to interact with touchscreen , accelerometers , compass , etc , and certain interactions with the hardware gets delegated to the android side of things . that is a summary in abstract form for the layman to understand . on to hardware manufacturers such as acer , huawei , htc , samsung , sony , zte , to name but a few , what each of those companies do , is publish the sources to the kernel , so that it can be built . although , having said that , some are not exactly gpl compliant , some provide sources , which may not be fully complete , quite possibly , due to the restrictions on certain closed-source for a particular hardware , or others just flagrantly violate the gpl and not publish it at all . perhaps , some do distribute the source in which the process of rolling your own kernel can fail due to malformed errors in the code or missing extra code . that applies to , generally older kernels , version 2.6 . x , in which a mix-and-match of the appropriate sources gets merged in manually , to create a build , this is where it can backfire quite horribly , the build breaks , kernel refuses to boot and lots of hacking to get the build to work . atheros , is one very classic example of a wifi chipset found in quite a large majority of handsets , notably , the sources for the device driver , are quite hard to find , which has resulted in broken builds of the driver , in turn , when integrated with the kernel , as a whole , android refuses to start the wifi . due to obscurity of the source , hackers have attempted to get the appropriate wifi driver from other stock roms thereby exacerbating the gambling on the functionality of the wifi which either work or break . the newer kernel versions 3.1 . x , have most of the device drivers employed for usage with android , merged into the main kernel sources thereby minimizing the chances of mix-n-matching , merging the source manually for a hardware , be it a new compass , acclerometer etc . if there is anything amiss feel free to comment , and amend this accordingly .
i have a similar setup with ipod classic ( 160 gb ) and asus transformer tf300t . i have yet to find a direct method to connect ipod to the tablet and sync via an app . as of now , the only way is via a computer . if you want to go the pc way , you can use isyncr for pc and sync playlists . isyncr also has an app for mac . however , i am not sure of pictures being synced via isyncr . another option is to export all the music via programs like floola to your computer and later transfer to the tablet .
the problem also persists on android 4.3 and most probably also with later versions . i have reported the issue on chromium 's bug tracker and it has been confirmed : https://code.google.com/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=331876 there is also a bug report on the android 's bug tracker for the stock browser : https://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=43414 i hope this issue will get fixed soon .
it is an lg bug exposed by a recent google chrome change : http://productforums.google.com/forum/#!topic/chrome/-ns44h44aqs%5b1-25-true%5d
there are plenty of apps on play supporting that already . the first coming to my mind is paw server , which allows that and many more things ( basically , you can remote-administrate your device via wifi with this app ) . other , similar apps might offer the remote-ring as well . several anti-theft apps for example .
can i order the apps alphabetically the app drawer already does this for you . or group them into folders ? long press on the home screen . click folders . click new folder . click on the folder to open it . click on the " folder " at the top to rename it . drag and drop apps into the folder from the app drawer to place them into the folder . or maybe there is a better way of managing with an ever increasing number of installed apps ? i can also recommend apps organizer .
download and run towelroot . it worked perfectly on my at and t s4 kitkat 4.4.2 sgh-1337 that i could not root before .
i clicked format on the device , causing the sd card to show up again in windows . format thankfully did not actually format it - in the sense that it did not wipe the data . i only know this because i have installed the demo of zar , which has found image and video files to recover . my options now are to either buy the full version of zar , on the assumption that if it recovered images and video the other data is intact , or to find an alternative program that is free . edit : i am currently running photorec , which contrary to its name , has so far found mp3 files and a txt file to recover . i am hoping it is also able to read obscure or non existent file extensions , so that apps which had decided to locate themselves on the sd card can be recovered .
without a volume-down key , you can not : go into recovery mode/download mode without a pc reduce the volume ( duh ) select options in cwm take screenshots in aosp-based roms possible workarounds , by order of mention above : use adb reboot recovery / adb reboot bootloader , as said in the comments use a usb jig to force the phone to boot into download mode go into settings > sound > volumes and change values from there use twrp or cwm touch instead use third-party apps . i think gravitybox for xposed has the option to add a screenshot option and advanced reboot to the power menu , but i have not been using xposed for a long time .
update : it is posible to disable notifications of individual apps on system level in jelly bean ( 4.1 ) . under each application info screen there is now a checkbox for " show notifications " ( assuming the app sends notifications ) . uncheck that and no more notifications from that app . you can get to the screen by going to Settings | Apps | {application} or , more conveniently , long-pressing the notification itself and then tapping " app info " . more details in this article . notifications are handled on a per-app basis . the only way to turn them off is inside that particular application 's settings . this menu - unlike on ios - can he accessed from inside the application . it is usually an option that comes up after pressing your menu button , or if your phone does not have one than it is hidden behind the overflow menu ie . the three dots . in the case of scramble with friends there is a settings icon on the main screen . there is an option to set the polling interval . the default is 5 minutes .
the latest version of swype beta ( or at least the version before the most recent version ) is a bit more self-sustained . all i had to do when i updated was to go to the swype installer app . it had an update for itself . after updating , it then presented an option for me to update swype and stepped me through the process , including disabling , updating , and then re-enabling swype . now the old way of updating swyped used to be you had to uninstall the current version and it is installer , then re-install the installer , then re-install swype . it seems as if they have improved on this former method ( that often had me raging because it would not generate the license file correctly ) .
you might want to check out the dolphin browser . it supports many extensions , two of them doing exactly what you want : dolphin screen cut web to pdf
save it as contact ; then when you want to use it -> navigate to it ; and choose edit before sending .
analysis luckily , logcat gave the ip address along ( in my case : 74.125.93.113 ) . on my pc , i first checked with the browser ( "https://74.125.93.113/" ) -- and in fact , connection timed out . next i checked what is behind the ip : host 74.125.93.113 113.93.125.74.in-addr.arpa domain name pointer qw-in-f113.1e100.net.  did not tell me anything . but checking with /etc/hosts on the android device , i found the entry : 74.125.93.113 android.clients.google.com  a lookup of that host reveiled : the ip 74.125.93.113 no longer belongs to it -- which explains the trouble . solution the solution requires root , unfortunately , as /etc/hosts is owned by root and read-only for everybody else . furthermore , /etc is just a symbilic link to /system/etc , which means the entire file system is read only . what you need root a terminal emulator app ( e . g . android terminal emulator ) what to do open the terminal app , and follow these steps : now just wait a short time -- or simply call up google play to check . it should not take long for the lights to turn green again .
open contacts , tap the name of the contact you want to set the distinctive ringtone , then open action overflow menu ( the three dots ) and tap " set ringtone " , select a ringtone different to default one and tap ok .
i should not think so . samsung is a signatory to the eu common external power supply standard , which includes specs for a usb charger . as long as the charger you are using supplies something close enough to what the samsung one supplies , you are good to go . you can even charge it from a computer usb port , although it will be quite a bit slower ( except some pcs which can supply a higher amperage via a micro-usb cable , making it almost as quick as a mains adaptor charger . ) but in any case , you should be fine as long as the charger is of decent quality and is not going to catch alight or something . i have been mixing and matching htc , samsung , and blackberry chargers for years now .
without rooting , etc there is no way on the droid 3 to go back to the droid 1 lockscreen experience . motorola and their forum users recommend using a lock timer so you do not have to use the pattern every time . motorola forum post
see the section on automatic aggregation of contact data in the using the contacts api from the technical resources on the android developers site . as the article explains : when a raw contact is added or modified , the system looks for matching ( overlapping ) raw contacts with which to aggregate it . it may not find any matching raw contacts , in which case it will create an aggregate contact that contains just the original raw contact . if it finds a single match , it creates a new contact that contains the two raw contacts . and it may even find multiple similar raw contacts , in which case it chooses the closest match . two raw contacts are considered to be a match if at least one of these conditions is met : they have matching names . their names consist of the same words but in different order ( for example , "Bob Parr" and "Parr, Bob" ) one of them has a common short name for the other ( for example , "Bob Parr" and "Robert Parr" ) one of them has just a first or last name and it matches the other raw contact . this rule is less reliable , so it only applies if the two raw contacts are also sharing some other data like a phone number , an email address or a nickname ( for example , Helen ["elastigirl"] = Helen Parr ["elastigirl"] ) at least one of the two raw contacts is missing the name altogether and they are sharing a phone number , an email address or a nickname ( for example , Bob Parr [incredible@android.com] = incredible@android.com ) . when comparing names , the system ignores upper/lower case differences (Bob=BOB=bob) and diacritical marks (H\xe9l\xe8ne=Helene) . when comparing two phone numbers the system ignores special characters such as "*" , "#" , "(", ")" , and whitespace . also if the only difference between two numbers is that one has a country code and the other does not , then the system considers those to be a match ( except for numbers in the japan country code ) automatic aggregation is not permanent ; any change of a constituent raw contact may create a new aggregate or break up an existing one . the article then goes on to explain the various modes that an application can assign to the raw contacts that it creates . depending on the mode , the system will either : automatically aggregate the contact as similarities are found with other contacts . where similarities no longer exist , these aggregations will be removed . never aggregate the contact with any other . perform no further aggregation on a contact , even if that contact changes such that it would be taken out of an aggregate group . aside from this automatic aggregation , applications are also allowed to manually set up aggregate contacts . in these cases , the algorithm depends on the application . finally , you may manually join contacts in the people app by editing one of a pair of contacts , and selecting Join from the overflow menu .
i reinstalled cm7 on a spare htc desire to check the procedure : long press on spare space of homescreen select " widgets " select " renderfx widget " choose color ( night , red , etc . ) place widget . results in a toggle switch widget :
encryption is done on the /data partition ( where all app-data is stored ) . however , /sdcard is sometimes encrypted too ( if the sdcard is actually internal memory of the phone i.e. not removable ) . if the sdcard is also encrypted , then you will be unable to flash rom 's from within recovery ( recovery can not read encrypted sdcard ) .
do you use any task killer ? make sure you do not kill the " clock " apps . in fact , do not use a task killer at all , they are harmful to android .
click the gear button next to the ? 123 button in the lower left , then click 3x4 keypad , then click the 123 button on the right . this way you will have a full 3x4 numeric keypad
there are so many out there so it is very hard to say . personally i have only used rockplayer . it is very good . plays all modern media files , functions very smoothly without any hiccups . another popular one that is been getting some traction is vplayer . i do not see much different between the two . . . vplayer is new to the game so the features are still coming . personally give them a go and see what you like best .
i have a similarly sized contact list and i have found that the voice dialer is both slow to load and slow to find responses on my moto droid ( on 2.0 , 2.1 and 2.2 ) . i stopped using the voice dialer and started using voice search ( aka . voice actions ) by saying " call jane smith mobile . " i have found voice search to open quickly and to find contacts quickly . both of those apps came preloaded on my phone and are from google . while i do not know the architecture of either app it would make sense to me that the voice dialer would be affected by the size of the contact list more directly than the voice search app .
as your computer is running windows , you need to install the appropriate device driver first . most manufacturers offer one for download on their resp . websites , specifically tailored for the device in question ; but that would also mean you had need multiple drivers if you had multiple devices . a good solution reported to work fine with multiple different devices , and also supporting windows 8 fine , is koushik dutta 's universal adb driver . this would hence free you from the hazzle of possible driver conflicts , if you one day decide to use a different/additional device .
it looks like it is google 's pinyin ime . the icon has since changed to use squares instead of circles , but you can still see that it is generally the same , and you can find examples of the old round icon on the internet still . it is still on the page for google 's windows variant , in fact : google must evidently ship this in their vanilla android builds for nexus devices , which would explain why it cannot be uninstalled . this seems to be verified by various sites around the web ( one , two , three ) .
you can find proper tools to unpack boot , recovery , system and data images here : mtk-tools thread of the author on xda developers , thank him : ) usage : ./unpack-MT65xx.pl boot.img ./repack-MT65xx.pl -boot &lt;kernel&gt; &lt;ramdisk-directory&gt; boot.img 
had a nexus s and experienced the same issue , which was not present in the nexus one . though my online research , the unofficial stance was that this is a hardware defect in the product line that samsung and google either did not notice or noticed too late to do anything about . the most appropriate place to complain about this would be the google product forums . here 's a thread where this issue is being discussed . http://groups.google.com/a/googleproductforums.com/forum/m/#!topic/mobile/8odgvdpy5wk . . . an alternative would be the call samsung up and see if they will acknowledge that its a hardware flaw . unfortunately , i am not aware of any fixes for the issue , and have found that although the work around ( calibration ) helps , the problem either does not completely go away or recurs soon after . just to confirm , the behavior i noticed was : in programs that display compass data ( like marine compass ) rotating the phone results in a partial rotation in the sensor data , followed by an unexpected 90 degree phantom rotation , according to the phone . this puts the displayed barring out of step with the true direction the phone is pointing . in programs that try to display the full orientation of the phone including the direction it is pointing ( like sky map ) the display is shakey , and seldom provides a true indication of where the phone 's actually pointing . smoothing options result in slightly less shake , but the difference is marginal . in spite . of this , games that depended on changes in orientation alone ( like those games with the metal ball-bearings you need to guide through a maze--labyrinth , if i am not mistaken ) worked flawlessly . i decided to upgrade to a galaxy nexus , and noticed that the compass works like it should , and labyrinth games continue to work . sky map , however is still jumpy .
yes , it can . gsm and later phone protocols automatically adjust the phone 's transmit power according to the strength of the signal it gets from the cell tower . it is just like how , if you are talking to someone and you can not hear them very well ( because they are a long way away , or in a noisy environment ) , you will tend to talk louder or shout , but if you can hear them clearly ( they are right next to you ) , you will talk more quietly . the phone works the same way . of course , for the phone , " talking more loudly " means putting more power into its transmitter , so the battery will be drained faster . if you switch to a network that has cell towers further away from where you spend most of your time , your phone will be using more transmit power more often , so it will use energy more quickly . note that it is the received strength that matters ( i.e. . how much attenuation there is ) , not the quality of the signal , so you may find this happens even if you get a better signal overall . cell handover , when you move from one cell to the next one , also takes more power , and your new network 's better internet speed might be a result of having denser cells in your area , leading to more handovers . finally , the worst thing for a phone is being completely out of range , because it has to periodically transmit on the maximum power to try to get a response from a cell tower . ( this is why it is especially important to turn your phone off for a flight : once the plane gets out of cell range , all the phones will start blaring out as loudly as they can . ) it is possible that your new network 's coverage is much better at your home and your office , but during your commute , you have not noticed that you leave the service area completely , and so your phone starts draining the battery then . in summary , there are lots of factors , so it is hard to predict the effect of changing network operator , but it can have an effect . of course , that does not stop it being a coincidence in your case .
the primary purpose of easy mode is to make the customization and use of a smart phone simpler and easier ( usually for a first-time smartphone user or non-techy user ) . easy mode vs normal mode for android is quite similar to apple vs android --> apple is often simpler , but less customizable . if you just want to use your phone , easy mode will be easier for you . you will not have all of the same home screen customization options ( but then again , you might not need them ) . easy mode gives you 3 default home screens , a simpler settings menu , and a simpler camera interface . if you love customizing the crap out of your phone , do not use easy mode . you will then enjoy a full settings menu , fully customizable home screens , the full camera interface , and more . here are some resources i found for you on google ; ) http://www.samsung.com/us/support/howtoguide/n0000003/10091/120408 http://www.digit.in/mobile-phones/understanding-easy-mode-on-the-samsung-galaxy-s4-14698.html
to move some of system folders ( /system or /data ) , to external emulated sd card , you need to do following : firstly , /data contents ( for example ) should be placed on sdcard . initially they are loaded by emulator from userdata . img file . so you need to copy userdata . img ($EMUPATH/system-images/android-19/armeabi-v7a/userdata.img) contents to sdcard . iso . $&gt; dd if=userdata.img of=sdcard.iso i assume , that android virtual device is created . to change boot configuration , you will need to change fstab . goldfish file on ramdisk . img . if it is android 4.4 avd , then ramdisk . img could also be find at $EMUPATH/system-images/android-19/armeabi-v7a/ create a temporary folder , say ramdisk-ext $ mkdir ramdisk-ext change directory to ramdisk-ext $ cd ramdisk-ext extract the ramdisk . cpio in the ramdisk-ext folder $ gunzip -dcv ../ramdisk.img | cpio -idm modify fstab . goldfish $ gedit fstab.goldfish in such way : string #6 from "/dev/block/mtdblock1 /data ..." to "/dev/block/mmcblk0 /data ..." create new ramdisk $ find . | cpio -H newc -o | gzip -9 &gt;../ramdisk_new.img everything is done , now you need to start the emulator , with your new ramdisk and custom sdcard:$ ./emulator -avd $AVDNAME -sdcard sdcard.iso -ramdisk $EMUPATH/system-images/android-19/armeabi-v7a/ramdisk_new.img p.s. notice that in this example you can move only one of such folders ( /system or /data ) . maybe it could be changed , by creating sdcard image with several partitions .
try to install the email app directly from google play store . if this app is shown as incompatible on your device , side-load it by downloading it from here , enabling the Unknown sources in settings -> security , and installing the apk ( either by tapping the apk in the download manager , or via adb from your pc : adb install -r &lt;path-to-apk&gt; ) . keep in mind though that this version sometimes breaks the exchange functionality on some mostly non-nexus devices . in order to resolve this , you need to also install a copy of latest exchange2google . apk app that is available for download from here or here . you do not have to install it as a system app , just side-load it in the same manner as described above .
thus far , there appears to be no answer . the best alternative appears to be that you can log into gmail on a pc and add your new contact to an existing group . will change the answer to this question if a valid answer pops up .
that is another xy problem question : you ask how to establish your suggested solution , instead to ask how to solve your real problem , which is your actual concern . for this task , you do not even need any custom rom . take a look at andmade share -- this app lets you customize your share menu on any rom , not even root is needed : as you can easily see , this app lets you . . . select ( filter ) the apps appearing in the list ( as your question required ) change the order in which they appear in the list ( e . g . put your most frequently used apps on top )
the connector must be a bit loose ( or incorrectly sized ) and as it wiggles around in the socket , it hits the connectors in a way that makes the phone think it is equipped with a mic ( that is , a trrs plug instead of trs ) . try another pair of headphones or try twisting and aligning the plug/cord so that there no pull or twist in the root of the cord .
though not the identical issue , the solution provided with the question download stuck in gmail solves it as well : clear the cache of the download manager . to do so , go to settings&rarr ; apps&rarr ; manage apps , switch to the " all " tab , scroll to the " download manager " . tap that entry , and hit the button labeled " clear cache " . optionally , also tap " clear data " , if cache-cleaning alone does not solve the issue .
when you do a factory reset/data wipe , it does not put anything back from the stock firmware . when you install a new rom , doing the reset just puts it in the " new " state for that rom . to restore back to stock , you will need to download the stock rom for your device from samfirmware ( or another place if you know of one ) . then you can use odin or heimdall to restore the device back to its original state . these are the steps that i took when i initially reverted my device back to stock ( keep in mind this was about a year ago , so the files ( version ) used probably changed , but steps should be the same . i could not give you downloads for everything because you did not say what device you have . samsung made like 8 different versions of the galaxy s . you will need the usb drivers for your device if you do not have them installed download odin download 512 pit download jfd tar note that all 3 of those are from the same thread . it also would not hurt for your to read that post too . open odin , plug in your phone , then put it into download mode . to expand on this because a lot of people were asking " how to put in download mode " . the easiest way i found to actually do it , if you can can connect via adb is to do the following : # reboot download if you can not get that to work , try how i mention below ( phone off , battery out , hold vol+ and vol- ) , or try searching these forums for " vibrant download mode " you will find other things that " work " for people load the pit file in appropriate area . load the . tar file in the pda area . do not check ' re-partition ' . click start , let it finish . hopefully odin does not fail for you here , but it did for me , dont panic at this point odin failed on me . and i got the " mobile- ! -pc " image . now , pull your battery and unplug usb i also took out the sim and sdcard at this point . bring the phone to download mode again plug the usb back in ( the phone should be off ) hold down vol+ and vol- put battery back in press power re-run odin as mentioned above ( if needed )
create a separate google account for your brother 's account . import your brother 's sim 's contacts to that google account . ok- here 's the idea i have : back up all your existing contacts to sd card . open your contacts app and press menu > import/export > export to sd card . a . vcf file will be created with all your existing contacts . using my files or astro or a file manager of choice , save / copy this backup file to another location as well . optional step - you can create a separate google account for your brother so his imported contacts are pushed/synced there . turn on airplane mode - this way there is no chance of any changes being made to your google account contacts ( added safety ) . wipe all your contacts - from within the contacts app , press menu > delete and choose all contacts . ( this is also rather optional , depending on whether you wish to sync to a google account or not ) . turn your phone off and insert your brother 's sim . turn your phone on . you currently have no contacts . from within your contacts app , press menu > import / export and choose import from sim - it'll ask where the contacts should be imported to - phone / list of google accounts . depending on your process , either choose the phone or the new google account and you ought to be done . you can either sync the new contacts to the new google account or export them to a . vcf on your sd card . this is just a rough idea of how you can do things . the end process is yours to tweak to your liking and needs .
you need to remount the system partition as read-write , it is read-only by default . mount -o remount,rw /dev/block/mtdblock3 /system 
each slot refers to a specific clock speed that your phone 's kernel allows ( in your case , 400mhz to 1.1 ghz ) . therefore , these clock speeds can vary between different kernels ( different values or even more slots ) . in the case of the droid x or droid 2 , you are stuck with the stock kernel due to the locked bootloader . i am more familiar with using setcpu . setcpu lets you manually choose which clock speeds you want your phone to run at . you choose a min clock speed , a max clock speed , and how you want it to scale ( ondemand , performance , etc . ) . you can also setup profiles with setcpu that allows your phone to run at certain clock speeds under certain conditions . for example , you would want to lower you clock speed when the phone 's screen is turned off . you may also want to lower the clock speed when your battery is below a certain battery % to try and pro long battery life as long as possible . if you are wanting to conserve more power , set the clock min and max clock speeds low . if you are wanting better performance , then set them higher . on my phone ( droid 1 ) , i use an undervolted kernel and typically run at a 250mhz min , 600 mhz max clock speed to conserve battery . if my answer does not fully answer your questions , leave a comment and i will try to help you further .
yes . on your second pc , set the environment variable ADBHOST to the ip address of the first pc and run the adb server and client . related steps ( more detailed ) are here . although you are not connecting to a physical device , it is apparently also possible to do so over the network without using usb . instructions for that are here .
black is the default plot color for android , so this is the placeholder until the app completes it is layout operation . there are a number of things that can cause an app to have a delay here : performing a network call ( s ) . loading data from disk . garbage collection from other tasks . restoring a complex drawing . you can check to see if it is related to network latency by putting your phone in airplane mode and opening the app . if the app pops right up , the long delay is likely due to a network call that takes a while to complete ( and completes immediately as an error when there is no connection ) . the other three are trickier to test for . if it is garbage collection , you will likely only see the delay when other apps have been recently running and then switching immediately the misbehaving app . you can completely uninstall an app , including user data , and then re-install to see if it has something to do with your personal settings .
strangely , this does not appear to be possible in tasker , by default . however , i see there is the autoshortcut app on google play which is meant to allow it . interestingly , tasker itself will tell you about autoshortcut ( complete with a link to google play ) if you press the magnifying glass icon when attempting to add a plugin action to a task ( i will update this answer with screen shots when i get around to it ) . theoretically , it should also be possible using the Send Intent action , but that seems way more complicated than should be necessary for such a simple task . if autoshortcut does not work for you , let me know , and i can try to figure out what the intent settings should be .
look under settings > wireless and networks . you should see a vpn option . assuming you already have a vpn server running on your ubuntu machine , it should be pretty self-explanatory from there
i think you are searching for this app keep screen lite . it allows you to keep your mobile always awake for some of the applications . you can set the applications to not to screen timeout .
you can not use kies with custom roms ( like cm ) , only with samsung roms .
acccording to this xda thread , it does not support glonass they ran gps tests on both galaxy note and htc one x , the former of which does officially support glonass ; and the former showed 2x the amount of detected satellites .
as you described the app icons are placed at the end of the list , the most likely reason lies in the order of things done during the boot process : the sdcard is mounted after the system broadcasts its BOOT_COMPLETED event , so apps moved to the card become visible later than those installed on device storage . with a little unlucky timing , the app drawer is already initialized before mounting of the sdcard is completed , so those apps are added afterwards , and thus to the end of the list ( as it , btw , is probably done as well with apps you install ) . there are multiple solutions to this : of course , you can move those sdcard-installed apps back to device storage , but that is not always an option ( especially with only little device storage available on some devices ) . alternatively , you could simply check a different launcher , as not all launchers behave the way described . many launchers i have tried automatically sort the app drawer , so even when i have just installed a new app it appears normally in alphabetical order .
yes it is perfectly safe . but u should be rooted to remove it . i have removed play-store on my galaxy fit a long time ago , reason being it always triggered the installation of google play services .
was your phone rooted ? i do not think whatever the problem was you are going to be able to get the app 's data back . you can re-download them , but that is all , i think .
as you already figured out , there is sshelper hosting its own .apk . but you might also wish to check with f-droid , and find out there are even more sshd 's to download without using google play store . edit : as it turns out , i was not aware f-droid also features forums , and the above are only forum links . to compensate : you can also find some ssh server apps on 1mobile , e.g. ssh server . the website allows you to simply download the .apk from your browser , no login required . other than with f-droid , i am not sure concerning their reputation , though . apart from that : in my experience , it is always worth checking the resp . dev 's website , where they sometimes host their own .apk files for download . if not , asking them helped me as well : )
answer : i was using the cable that samsung provided with the phone solution : go get a usb&lt ; > miniusb cable that was provided with a digital slr a few years back and use that instead . the s4 now appears in the adb output and in kies just fine . &lt ; sarcasm&gt ; thankyou samsung&lt ; /sarcasm&gt ;
essentially , you can not . this feature was removed from the 4.0 version of google talk , and is discussed somewhat in the android police review of the changes from 2.3 to 4.0 . there is no setting that will bring back the icons . however , when you have a chat open with someone ( provided that they do not have a custom status message set ) it will inform you at the top if they are on a mobile device : my hunch would be that google does not really want you to care about this when you are on your phone . they want the google talk app to be as seamless and integrated as possible , and they want you to use it regardless of what device the other person happens to be connected with at the time .
this problem was resolved by upgrading to ice cream sandwich
i believe its being caused by a certain combination of buttons at the bottom of the screen . i have not found a workaround , but here is something you can do to , at least not to store images ( its not much , but something ) . it creates a directory " screencaptures " to store images in ; if you delete it , it will be simply recreated . so , instead , in the same directory , create a file with that name . every time a screen is captured , it will complain that it cannot be stored , so at least you will not have to worry about deleting those images .
because google text-to-speech is not really an app : it is a library app . that is , it does not have a user interface for you to interact with ; rather , it offers an interface to other apps to use its functionality . other apps on the phone can give text to google text-to-speech for it to speak out loud . it is up to the author of the app in question to use the facility offered by google text-to-speech : only apps that have been written to use it can do so . so if you want firefox to use google text-to-speech to read out web pages , you need to file a feature request with mozilla ( the organization that develops firefox ) asking them to support this . for the same reason , the way you use it in an app that does support it , such as google play books , is different from app to app . there might be a button or menu item to read text out , or there might be a setting to make the app read things out automatically .
you should be able to do this from the settings of the camera app , rather than the system settings .
aha ! ok i am no where near a cellular expert but based on a wild guess i searched for carrier apns and found here a list of apns per carrier per country . i guess these are always required but somehow cyanogenmod is not configured to determine these codes automatically . while this may help others facing the same problem , i hope someone with real insight shares the knowledge
google supports photo syncing , but you can disable this . if you have google+ installed , disable auto backup . open the app 's settings , and go to Auto Backup &gt; OFF . disable google photo sync . on your phone 's settings , go to System settings &gt; Accounts &gt; Google &gt; username@gmail.com &gt; Sync Picasa Web albums . make sure sync is disabled . update 2013-11-22: as per damien golding , it is also worth noting that the settings of the camera must be checked . in his case , google photo sync was on in the Albums setting .
i have been using the touchdown client for the past month and have been very pleased with how will it works with our exchange server . not free , but worth a look imho .
turns out i was doing it wrong ( well at least on my my rom ) . you need to perform two double-taps . double tap the url . the first tap will select all of the url and the second will deselect it and give you the text cursor and that little text selection tab helper thing . double tap the url again to bring up the menu . or you can just keep quickly tapping until the copy menu appears . i find this whole process to be a bit unusual . other people are saying that they can long press to copy , so not sure if the above is specific to sony roms .
photosync ( sync to picasa ) might be your choice : photosync is tool for sync photos to picasa ( google photos ) . though limited , you can sync videos too . you can also sync photos among multi devices via picasa .
by default , as soon as wifi gets connected , the mobile network shuts down -- so you cannot use both simultaneously . which means : no , even a proxy allowing for exceptions would not do , as the other network simply is no longer available . quoting from cyanogenmod tracker : each time you activate wifi you will lose 3g connection . that is normal behaviour of android network manager . there were attempts on " hacking " that , as you can e.g. find here . this source from the stanford university also makes clear on the standard behaviour : given wifi is connected , then turn on 3g data connection . 3g connection will be automatically torn down by connectivity service . given 3g is connected , then turn on wifi connection . connectivity service will tear down the existing 3g connection . except from " hacking attempts " as described by the stanford example , i know of no solution to the issue .
a phone connected through the usb , no . but if the phone is instead connected through bluetooth to the pc , you can try to turn on hfp ( hands free profile ) bluetooth profile service from your pc 's bluetooth stack . the only way i found this possible was from the bluesoleil bluetooth stack software where you can set the bluetooth to parade as a " headset " instead of " laptop/desktop " and hence your phone can connect to the pc thinking it is a headset . however , bluesoleil is not free and the evaluation version allows only 2mb worth of voice data packets in one connection after which the connection is automatically interrupted .
yes , you can see here that the htc 's rom is referred to as " internal storage " ( although it says 1.1 gb ) : http://www.htc.com/www/product/incredibles/specification.html .
according to how to install clockworkmod recovery on sony xperia neo v this should be possible using unlockroot ( download ) , which requires a windows ( xp/vista/7 ) computer . the process is described at how to root android devices using unlock root tool , basically as follows : you should have a backup of your data ( for safety reasons ) your device should be fully charged usb drivers for the device should be installed on pc usb debugging must be turned on in the device connect the device to pc using usb cable run the downloaded tool , and click on “unlock root” , that’s it . another guide available is learn how to root the sony ericsson xperia neo v -- in case you are not satisfied with the described method ; ) good luck !
easy peasy : i was using adaway ( an app that blocks ads ) and somehow its tweaking of my hosts file was not accepted by python . yay ! :d
for the record : this works fine , so long as you are careful not to flash the userdata partition . i was able to follow the instructions from androidpolice for flashing the factory image , including removing the "-w " option from the " fastboot update . . . " command ( this prevents the update from wiping the userdata partition ) .
resetting to factory settings removes all personal settings , data and installed apps from the phone . it does not uninstall operating system updates and does not remove apps that your manufacturer or service provider have included in the system . it also ( normally ) does not delete data from your sd card . installing operating system updates on an android phone overwrites the previous version of the android operating system and does not keep any of the old os files . it is the same as if you upgraded a windows vista pc to windows 7 , you can not go back to vista on that pc without finding the original install disks , as it has overwritten and deleted the old vista files . the only way to go back to the previous version is if your manufacturer/network has made a copy of the old os files public that you can download and install .
basically , you can back up everything which has a " data provider " available -- as e.g. contacts , call-logs , sms , and the like . if you search the playstore for " backup " , it will give you a lot of apps for that . one of the best non-root backup solutions for this probably is mybackup pro , which covers most of it -- though there are a lot of apps offering to backup/restore parts . most other app 's data cannot be backed-up , however . some of them provide possibilities to export their settings ( and import them at a later point ) , others have dedicated backup apps ( i remember e.g. something like that for angry birds ) . for contacts and calendar , there is also the possibility to sync them with your google account . i would not , however , rely on the " google backup " for other things , as it is often reported to unsuccessfully restore . for that case , there are extra measures one can take . the easiest would be to logon to appbrain with your google credentials , and sync your installed apps . appbrain then allows you to save that as a list with their service : you can then use this list to restore all apps you put into it -- or you could even send it to a different device ( even a different user 's device ) for a " mass install " . in case you had some apps installed which are no longer available on the playstore , you could also take a look at appmonster : in its payed ( pro ) version , it also allows batch-install . plus , it captures each app you install/update and saves a copy -- which can be useful in the future as well : if some update breaks a functionality , you can ask appmonster to simply restore a previous ( captured ) version . and though this currently does not affect you ( as your android version is lower than 4.0 ) , just to mention for other users ( and your possible future device ) : starting with android 4.0 , there is the possibility for a full backup of non-rooted devices ( rooted users always have this possibility with titanium backup ★ root ) . data stored on your sd card should not be affected by the factory-reset .
try these : download the android sdk , and try the driver inside the sdk . check out this link : android lenovo adb interface driver
if you go through your apps list you can see all the apps that have permission to send texts ( or you could use appops to save having to click on every app ) , you can then narrow it down based on how reputable the app is , and/or doing web searches , once you thing you have narrowed down the app you can either , uninstall the app or block the permission using app ops , however if it was text secure that was the offending app , then you wont be able to tell as it has already been uninstalled .
yes , it works . it is just a read error , but the installation is complete . on blade 2 , i had the same issue . nandbackup from cwm did not work - this is a stock rom flashed thru cwm , and it works : ) it is very likely a cwm issue .
to my knowledge-- all android stock browsers will keep the history forever . until the cache is manually wiped or wiped because of an ota update -- since i am pretty sure the updates wipe the cache before booting-- even still , i am pretty sure the browser 's cache is not touched in that process . i am quite certain you have nothing to worry about in terms of losing history . if you are running 4.0 . x ( i think it is exclusive to that version- you could check ) , you can get the chrome beta browser , which keeps your history in sync with your google account-- along with your bookmarks , and of course the history from any other machines you run chrome on . pretty neat .
try these steps create a environment variable called : ANDROID_SDK_HOME and set it to C:\Users\&lt;&lt;Administrator&gt;&gt; open Eclipse &gt; Window &gt; Preferences , click in Run/Debug and String Substitution . add a new variable called user.home and set it to C:\Users\&lt;&lt;Administrator&gt;&gt; create an avd and run it . note the &lt;&lt;Administrator&gt;&gt; means the name of your windows account ; it is where resides the folder which contains your .android directory an android project member says here : as a work-around , you can define the environment variable android_sdk_home to point to the directory containing your . android directory . the emulator and sdk manager will pick it up properly . also you should check that the avd is created in the location d:\nn\ . android\avd ( check in your screenshoots , just above the list of avd , the path in list of existin android virtual devices ) .
the problem is caused because the os thinks you connected your headphones . i saw that problem in ios some years ago . use this app to solve it : wiredheadphoneroutingfix
this is pretty hard to do with software , since there are delays in the audio stream . the transmission from you phone 's bt to the headset can take up to 200ms , and the same for the reverse . therefore before sending the audio from the mic to the recipient , up to 400ms of audio would have to be sampled and cancelled , assuming that the bt connection is stable . usually this is done in the bt headset itself , but , as you said , it is a cheap chinese headset , so the circuits for this have been left out . as far as i know , the only settings in android regarding noise cancellation support only on-board noise cancellation mics . as for the muting solution , some phones use compression to boost the mic strenth , which will raise the noise levels when the person is silent . this would cause the mute to be always on .
it turns out that , they were all in the lost . dir folder with arbitrary names ( numbers ) -- so taking them from lost . dir folder and rename the files in that folder with.jpg extension recovers the images . for whom interested .
in my case , i installed my own certificate which even on removing was some where present do not know where so ultimately i cleared up every thing and again tried to remove pin and it got removed . proper way would be settings--> security--> clear credential clear credentials is last option under security heading . and now u can change your pin setting--> security--> screen lock--> swipe/none whatever you feel comfortable with . enjoy :d
yes there was issue with battery drain but they had solved the issue and you can go for 4.1.2 and performance is good .
sounds like you need to delete the widget , clear the data and cache for contacts storage , re-sync , and re-add the widget . that should get rid of bad data that is likely screwing things up .
found it . i messed around with adb logcat , adb shell dumpsys and titanium backup 's freeze feature . i have succesfully narrowed it down ( on my device ) to an app called " pullups 2.04" by " northpark " from the play store .
you mentioned in your question that you do not want to buy any additional connectors . any reason in particular ? how unwilling are you to spend money ? resolution is not going to be the problem , it is latency . if you are absolutely adverse to paying , try running a vnc server on your phone then connect to it using a vnc viewer program on your computer . laptop magazine has a very good walkthrough here : how to control an android device from your pc . they reference vmlite vnc server which is $9.99 but you can find other vnc server programs that are free ( though several do not look terribly trustworthy , imo ) . you are getting what you pay for , however ; a cheap wireless solution means input lag . your games are going to be very hard to play and the experience will be generally poor . if you can manage a few dollars , then an micro usb to hdmi mhl adapter ( with 5pin to 11pin micro usb adapter for your s4 - be sure to read the fine print ! ) as referenced in gt7599a 's answer is the way to go . $15 ( ish ) plus an hdmi cable gets you a wired solution with very low latency . if you want something wireless but are also wanting to be able to actually play games , your best bet is an adapter that takes advantage of the s4 's wifi direct/miracast capabilities . that means a samsung wi-fi all-share cast hub ( $55 ) , netgear push2tv ( $60 ) , or similar . how much is it worth to you ?
as you did not mention your phone nor the android version , we can only make wild guesses . simplest case : it is de-activated on your android device most likely you unintentionally deactivated the usb mass storage ( or mtp , depending on device/version ) mode . to get it back : when you connected the usb cable , wait 2-3 seconds , and then pull open the notification area . it should show an entry with the usb symbol which lets you chose the action to perform ( "charge only " , " usb mass storage " , " mtp " , . . . ) . chose the one you want . now your computer should see the new device . simple case : your usb-cable got " broken " of course another possibility is your usb cable " got broken " ( e . g . due to physical stress ) . if the above did not solve your issue , you might try with a different cable . more difficult case : ubuntu messed up third option i can think of is that ubuntu somehow messed up . to rule this out , try with a different computer ( e . g . visit a friend if you do not have a second computer ) . you can also try booting from some live cd/dvd on your ubuntu machine . using the same machine for the test bears the risk that , if it is a hardware issue with the machine , results are simply the same ; in case your usb port might be the issue , try a different port ( and try a different device on the same port to cross-check ) . if it is ubuntu messing things up , our sister-site askubuntu might prove helpful , and we are not any more . . . hard case : usb port on your computer is broken i already showed above how to rule this out : try connecting your android device to a different usb port . if it works there , the former port most likely is broken . if not , try connecting some other usb device ( external hard disk would be ideal ) to the former port . if that works , the port is ok . ultra-hard case : usb port on your android device is broken if you cannot get anything to work on your devices usb port , it is a case for the repair shop . . .
this time the correct approach , hopefully : xda mentions the stats being located in /data/system/netstats/* ( the statistic data you are looking for ) and /data/system/netpolicy.xml ( configuration of the applications that have restricted reference data ) .
if the app has never been updated via the market ( you are still using the version that was bundled in the rom ) then there is no link between the market and the installed app . because of that , you will not get update notifications . once you install a newer version from the market you will begin to receive notifications of future updates .
hmm , actually just tried again a few hours later and it works now . . . odd !
called customer support and it sounded like a defective unit . they covered it under the 1 yr included warranty . they pay for the shipping label as well , all you need to supply is the box .
i have spotted that when i put my phone into its dock for the last few days , it now displays a clock ( digital style , with the date below , in ics blue ) on the screen while it is charging . this has happened since the recent android v4.0.4 update for the galaxy nexus . this has also added a " dock " category under the " system " section in settings . this has options to enable a " dock insertion sound " and change audio settings for the dock . exactly what i was looking for !
quoting from @chahk 's answer to another question : longer boot-up and shut-down times when the system mounts/un-mounts all of the apps stored on sd card . apps that were moved to sd card are not stored in plain sight to prevent rampant piracy . instead , android sets aside some space and creates a virtual partition for each app that you move . this means that at the initial boot-up , all these virtual partitions need to be mounted before apps stored on them can be accessed . the same holds true when you turn the handset off - each virtual partition is un-mounted before other shutdown processes can happen . depending on the number of installed apps this can take an extra minute or even longer for the system to " stabilize " upon boot-up ( and about 20 extra seconds for shutting down . ) once this happens though , launching these apps does not take any longer than those on internal memory .
i had the same problem with kindle fire utility , and i actually figured this out . the install_drivers.bat replaces the driver , which is not what you want ! you need both drivers in place , the regular amazon kindle one , and the adb driver . to get it to work : uninstall the android adb driver in device manager ( right click to do this ) in device manager , right click the kindle device and select " update driver software " , then point it to the included kindle fire utility folder that has the driver /drivers/kindle then , it finally worked -- both drivers were in place -- then adb showed up as online and i could get root , and do all the other stuff with kfu .
i rebooted my phone and the problem went away ( i can now see and choose from all installed apps ) . must be a a bug .
the important part looks to be this : it is worth mentioning that i have data encryption turned on . i do not believe clockworkmod can handle encrypted devices as of yet , which is problematic for devices that lack true external storage support ( e . g . sd cards ) . the reason it is a problem is that /sdcard on these devices is not a separate partition , it is a fuse mount point for the /data/media directory . therefore , when you boot into recovery , it can not access your internal /sdcard directory because it is encrypted . teamwin recovery , as of version 2.2.0 , does support decrypting your device when booting into recovery . they actually specifically noted the galaxy nexus in the release notes , possibly because they had to implement the decryption differently on non-aosp devices ( e . g . support for encrypted touchwiz devices is listed in version 2.4.0.0 ) : what is new in version 2.2.0 support decrypting an encrypted data partition on galaxy nexus ( enter password using keyboard ) realistically , the best bet if you want to encrypt your device would probably be to use twrp instead of cwm . otherwise you will have to continue jumping through some hoops when trying to use your recovery . you can download twrp from their website .
had this very issue earlier tonight myself . the 51-android . rules needs to be world read-execute , and it is probably best to run service udev restart ( or reboot ) after changing this , then re-plug your device . if it still does not work , double-check the vendor id you have supplied ; with your android device connected , run lsusb . htc also use the vendor id 18d1 on newer devices .
i believe fennec ( firefox mobile ) will have this feature , but it is currently only in alpha . you can get a copy of the alpha here . note that you will need about 40mb+ of internal storage space free to install it .
try to flash the original firmware for your phone , then dial *#*#7378423#*#* on your dialer app and navigate to service menu -&gt; service info -&gt; configuration . it should be indicated there .
i am not aware of such an app/feature right now , but you could use the collective effect of a couple of apps to get almost the desired thing . lightning bug : this is a cool free app that has always-on display feature and shows the clock , ( and weather , etc . ) and more . screen filter : this app will allow you to reduce the brightness even lower than what the android system would allow you to . however , when you want to put your device into standby , you will need to open these apps to get the effect . also , running these apps does not mean it is in " lock " mode . i see a great potential for an app that does both of these together and also put the device into lock mode at the same time .
you can choose when , and how often , you want your application to check its license and you have full control over how it handles the response , verifies the signed response data , and enforces access controls . from http://developer.android.com/guide/market/licensing/overview.html so yes basically whenever the developer wants it to . i would imagine the most common time to check is when the application is first opened . your application does not query the licensing server directly , but instead calls the google play client over remote ipc to initiate a license request . in the license request : your application provides : its package name , a nonce that is later used to validate any response from the server , and a callback over which the response can be returned asynchronously . the google play client collects the necessary information about the user and the device , such as the device 's primary google account username , imsi , and other information . it then sends the license check request to the server on behalf of your application . the google play server evaluates the request using all available information , attempting to establish the user 's identity to a sufficient level of confidence . the server then checks the user identity against purchase records for your application and returns a license response , which the google play client returns to your application over the ipc callback . so : the information about the application , the device and the user goes off to google 's servers . google then checks your name against the list of people it knows have paid for the application on google play . ( it could also check the name of the application against a list of applications it knows that you have downloaded from google play ) if it can see that you have downloaded ( and paid for ) the application from google play it sends back that you have a license , if not then it tells the app you do not . obviously this is all done online so if you are offline then it will not work . if i was writing the application i would have a counter to let the person to use it offline 3 times or so before having to go online to get the license check in order to stop the kind of thing happening to you where you can not play offline . of course if someone digs into the file where the counter is stored they could change the value back to 3 tries every time they use it and never have to pay but that is probably beyond the technical competence of most users .
for a start , you can not install " vanilla android " on a non-nexus device . see flash a smartphone with vanilla android rom for more . the closest you can get is a custom rom that was originally based on aosp and then ported to your device , such as cyanogenmod . the custom rom 's documentation should say whether it has the drivers for the stylus , and if so , it'll work just like a more precise touchscreen . you still will not get any special stylus features ( like extra buttons or pressure-sensitivity ) in this case , though . there is no standard android interface for such features , so they rely on the vendor 's proprietary library and interfaces for apps to support them . again , you should check the custom rom 's documentation to find out how much is supported .
yes . sdmaid does an excellent job of finding files abandoned by the system such as interrupted play apk downloads ( cutely called the " basement corpse finder" ) , shrinking databases and emptying your caches . it also lists files by size so you can find space hogs , etc .
well i kinda ' fixed it . i changed the user agent setting in my opera browser from mobile to desktop and every flv file now works . as you might expect there are side effects ( i am getting dektop sites instead of mobile sites - they are bigger , harder to use and they take up more space so they load slower ) . this will be a good work around at leas .
50 mb is not much . consider that for installation , the apk gets probably temporarily stored there ( in /data/local ( not always sometimes it is in the /cache/download/ folder ) -- at least that is what the playstore app does , i am not sure about a " local install " where the .apk probably is available from your sdcard ) for processing , then gets installed ( below /data/app ) and initializes its data ( below /data/data ) . and during all that , it should leave enough free space to allow all other apps to work normally : creating temporary files , log files ( at least the latter again being stored below /data in many cases , e . g those you can access via logcat ) , and manipulate their data ( guess where -- yes , again below /data/data ) . so you see : most of these actions take place on the /data partition . now look what size the .apk of sbp shell 3d has . something about 10 . . 15 mb ? so when installed , it creates its data structure below /data/data as well , which adds to this . and during all that installation process , free space probably falls below 30 mb ( if it really requires a copy in /data/local for the install , even below 20 mb ) -- which is why the system alerts about " free space getting low " . the solution already came with the warning : uninstall some apps . or move some bigger ones / rarely used apps to sd , if possible . or clean up some cache -- but that will only help temporarily . you might also want to check some other space/installation related questions here : why is “insufficient storage” wrongly reported when installing an . apk via adb ? is there a way to workaround the phone memory limit for installed apps ? why can not i install apps when i have enough storage ? application does not get installed : insufficient storage available could be good starting points .
it seems you are accidently triggering the generation of a bug reports , as described on this google support site ( click on the nexus link ) : generate a bug report immediately : press volume ( in between up and down ) and power at the same time ( after a > significant delay -- up to a minute -- the device will vibrate if successful and open a new message in gmail ) . in my case , my device had a case which was triggering the bug report by inadvertently pressing ' volume ' and ' power '
the solution : enable animations http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=40019
when you reply in the same conversation , that reply should go to the same number . is it not ? check that number shown on the very top of the conversation . it is the number you are currently replying . if you click that number the contact ( or popup ) will open showing all the numbers attached to that particular contact . you should be able to choose a different number to message with this option .
you can also install the software directly from the android market . but you will not be able to start it easily . you can use adb to start the app as described here i recommend myphoneexplorer . you will also need to install the desktop program and then start the app on your phone as mentioned in the link above . be mindful of any optional toolbar that might ask to be installed on your desktop though . update : i did not need to start the app on my phone , merely connecting the cable was enough . galaxy s2 on gingerbread 2.3.3 ( rooted , but that should not be a factor ) .
there is the leds hack app if you have got the root thing going .
i agree with user61926 , you have the the cpu type for an android wearable but the display type is not set for an android wearbale . taken from developer . android . com 2 . set up the android wear emulator launch the android virtual device manager . 1a . from eclipse , select window > android virtual device manager . 1b . from android studio , select tools > android > avd manager . click new . for the avd name , enter " androidwearsquare " or " androidwearround " , depending on whether you want to create an emulator with a square or round display . for the device , select android wear square or android wear round . for the target , select android 4.4.2 - api level 19 ( or higher ) . for the cpu/abi , select **android wear arm ( armeabi-v7a ) . note : android wear is designed to support multiple processor architectures . ** for the skin , select androidwearsquare or androidwearround . leave all other options set to their defaults and click ok . although real android wearables do not provide a keyboard as an input method , you should keep hardware keyboard present selected so you can provide text input on screens where users will instead provide voice input . in the list of avds , select the one you just created and click start . in the following window , click launch . the android wear emulator now starts . to begin testing your app 's notifications , you must now pair the emulator to your development device that has the android wear preview app installed . tip : to improve the emulator startup time , edit your avd and enable snapshot under emulator options . when you start the emulator , select save to snapshot then click launch . once the emulator is running , close it to save a snapshot of the system . start the avd again , but select launch from snapshot and deselect save to snapshot . caution : do not install apps on the android wear emulator . the system does not support traditional android apps and the result of running such apps is unpredictable .
it seems that the htc desire models are known to have hardware that easily gets defective . . . :-/ i have searched far and wide , and the general consensus seems to be that if a restore and/or factory reset does not resolve the problem , then it is not a software issue but a hardware defect . the device could probably be repaired , but if the warranty gone then it is probably wiser buying a new device instead .
answer : you can use freex3d : vrml , x3d , stl viewer by john alexander stewart available from google play store : freex3d is a 3d vrml/x3d and stl viewer for android . new - anaglyph rendering option for 3d viewing of your 3d files ! freex3d allows the user to browse local stl , vrml 97 and x3d files , and to view these files on their android gles-2 capable device . you can rotate or zoom stl files ; x3d files you can walk , or examine , as defined by the spec . use one finger to rotate or walk , two to zoom or move in +-z , depending on navigation mode set . this version works on android 2.2 and above . it requires opengl es-2.0 , which is available in all modern phones/tablets , and most released over the last couple of years . related curiosity : there is also an interesting project that worth mentioning , called x3dom for free on android devices that support webgl : x3dom ( pronounced x-freedom ) is an experimental open source framework and runtime to support the ongoing discussion in the web3d and w3c communities how an integration of html5 and declarative 3d content could look like . it tries to fulfill the current html5 specification for declarative 3d content and allows including x3d elements as part of any html5 dom tree .
downgrading to the leaked 4.1 ( official ) firmware fixes the problem . i will update this answer if i find out if it works on cm10 .
i am not too keen on the why , but sh on cyanogenmod is a bit watered down . as joachim noted in the comments , usually you can modify PS1 to change your prompt , but it does not properly expand prompt variables : however , cyanogenmod does ship with a modified version of sh called ash ( i believe this is for android shell ) , which does support a subset of these prompt variables . here 's some examples of what does and does not work , with local echo removed for the sake of clutter/space : as for tab-completion : i do not personally know of a way to make this work . i imagine the main problem is actually that the adb shell buffers input up until you press enter , so the tab is not actually sent to the shell program when you hit it . a good illustration of this is to open a file with more . the q key exits the more program , but you actually have to press q and then hit enter to quit because the initial q keystroke is not sent until you press enter to send the whole buffer . okay , ssh is a different beast . assuming you have a reasonably sane client ash will give you tab-completion along with the prompt variable expansion noted above . if you are using dropbear ( the ssh daemon that ships with cyanogenmod ) then you can configure ash to be the default prompt by logging into your device ( either ssh or adb shell works here ) and doing the following : # echo "/system/xbin/ash" &gt; /data/dropbear/.profile  this assumes /data/dropbear/.profile does not yet exist , because it will overwrite any existing version ( this file is not created automatically , though ) . it can be edited instead if the file already exists , of course . then restart dropbear and log in again . you should land at an ash session :
sorry , now i see the small microphone icon and globe icon for setting the speech language ( keeping the globe pressed allows you to choose which languages to toggle back and forth between ) on the soft keyboard that comes up .
the problem is solved by restarting the phone .
most apps , if not all , have the Show Notifications checkbox . i suppose you will just have to go through all your apps , and see which one was unchecked and check it again .
the numbers in " app_xyz " name will be different on every device , since they depend on the order of installed apps . in adb shell or terminal emulator perform the following command : ls -l /data/data/  this should return a listing of installed apps ' directories that contain their data and settings , like so : the 2nd and 3rd columns list the app 's owner , while the 5th column contains the app 's package name . find the line corresponding to the " app_132" from your logcat entry , and the package name will help you figure out the responsible app . once you have the package name , try searching for it in the google play store . just use the link https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=xxxxxxx , where " xxxxxxx " is the package name you found . for example , on my phone " app_70" corresponds to " com . android . chrome " , which corresponds to google chrome browser in the play store : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.android.chrome
/system is almost always read-only by default . just remount it as r/w : # mount -t ext3 -o rw,remount /dev/block/mmcblk0p25 /system  there is also at least one app that will attempt to do this for you , but it may not work on all devices . another option is to use adb root ( if your rom will allow it ) to restart adbd as root , then simply issue adb remount . on roms where adbd is already running as root , the first command is unnecessary and adb remount will work right off the bat . from a pc : C:&gt; adb root * Some response about success * C:&gt; adb remount Remount succeeded  as to why it is getting blown away , is your device nand unlocked ? many htc devices will attempt to restore their /system partition to a stock state if they are nand locked , making changes to /system fleeting at best . that is something of an educated guess , but the fact that you noted that you are using visionary to temproot seems to support that hypothesis .
if you are getting ics update from device manufacturer , its ok to upgrade . it'll be usable on small screen because you will not get bare vanilla rom . . manufacturers put their own skins over it . so , if sony ericsson is pushing upgrade to xperia mini , their custom skin would take care of usability . other than this , you will get performance boost with ics upgrade . there're other benefits , too . so , i would recommend you to upgrade . best of all , would you like to be out-of-date ?
i was able to get a fix by doing the following : remove any rubber-case or any case for that matter as most of them affects the reception of the gps transceiver go outside . do not attempt to do this inside your house . go to settings -> location and turn on " use wireless networks " and " use gps sattelites " . ( connect to your wireless network now ) download and install the " gps status and toolbox " app . launch the app . press menu -> tools -> manage a-gps state press reset press download reboot your phone ( not sure if this is necessary ) . re-launch the app ( make sure that both gps and network are turned-on ) leave your phone ( while the app is running ) in a place with clear line-of-sight for about an hour . watch a movie , drink coffee , whatever . just leave it for an hour . btw , you should see a few satellites after 30 seconds but without locks ( no long/lat ) . after an hour , you should get a lock if there is at least one satellite . after your first lock , it will be faster ( a matter of seconds to a minute ) to get your next lock . and oh , you no longer need to use " wireless networks " on your consecutive locks so you can just turn that off . good luck !
gentle alarm . seems a little complex at first with profiles and alarms , but it rocks . the best feature is the one that allows you to skip alarms set to go off without actually turning off a configured alarm . i use that feature all the time . you have to pay for it , but its worth it . there was a comment about the concern of gentle alarm 's internet usage , below is what i found on the dev 's forum : i need internet access to allow users to send me information if they choose so . unfortunately , there are no conditional permissions . so even if you always decide not to send me any information when a crash happens , i still need the permission . there are two more reasons for internet permission : if you paid via paypal , you have to enter a key to unlock the app . this key is checked at some point when you are online every 3 months . and for market users such as system is coming . google recently added a licensing scheme as a minor step against piracy and you will start seeing this used in more and more apps . the app needs to call google servers to check if the license is valid . results are cached so that the app also works if online for extended periods of time . the latter two reasons are unfortunate . but for every legal copy i sell , there are more than 3 illegal ones out there . there are even some people who bundle apps and sell them at a discount . piracy has gone out of hand and if developers do not earn money with their apps , there will be fewer quality apps in the future . i will gladly discuss any concerns you may have .
jit typically causes an app to use more ram due to the jit cache , although android 's jit was specifically designed so the additional memory usage was minimal ( compared to a typical java jit ) . on phones that are already very ram-starved to begin with , jit may result in a decrease in performance .
weatherbug ( free ) seems to meet your criteria . has nice widgets , multiple location support , and tons of weather stations . there is also a pay version ( weatherbug elite ) which removes ads and adds several additional features such as radar in motion and detailed hourly forecasts .
upgrading to gingerbread ( android 2.3 ) resolves this issue .
you do not need to do anything . every device using google backup with the same google account keeps its own separate set of data . when you sign into your google account for the first time after a factory-reset , the device will look through all the backup sets and try to pick the most recent one from the same device . it'll restore from that set of data , and use that to create a new backup set . only if you sign in on a completely new device that you have not used before ( not even before a factory-reset ) will it choose a set from a different device : in that case , the most recently backed-up set . so , you can leave your galaxy nexus backing up to its own set , and your galaxy s5 backing up to its own set . if you factory-reset one of them , it'll restore the apps and data from the same device . for a much more complete explanation of how google backup keeps track of different sets of backed-up data , see my answer to google backup : multiple devices using the same account - what happens on restore ?
since you said the phone is brand new there is nothing wrong with the software . it is most probably a defect with the screen . get it replaced and use a proper phone .
with root privilege , a malware app can certainly do heavy damage , but it does not work like that . just because an app is on a rooted device , it does not mean it gets root privilege automatically . with modern rooting standards , you will have to permit it . when an app requests root access , a pop-up from superuser or supersu app appears asking to allow it or not . if you do not know much about the app , simply block access . if you do not pay attention to this , you deserve to experience bad things . update : as a last line of defense , i would like to add that nobody knows from where nasty malware apps can exploit a loophole . you find un-rooted devices secure , but there're apps which are able to even root a device from inside ( there was a positive-purpose app named Root Exploit in google market which was later kicked out by google ) . so , if you want to be secure , do not install unknown apps . and , if possible , use play store only . these suggestions are irrespective of your device is rooted or not .
sent it back for repair . main board was exchanged and now it is working fine with the latest version . just bad luck i guess .
a bit more playing around led me to a ( if not the ) solution . i found an " enable headset buttons " check box in meridian , which prompted me to dig further into beyondpod , where a found a similar setting . everything works as i would like now . i have since gone back and checked a couple of things though , which are not quite as i expected . i thought if you re-enabled the controls within one app , it might disable the other . this is not quite what happened . when i re-enabled meridian , it responded to the controls , although beyondpod still showed it as supposedly responding , which it did not . once i would disabled meridian again , i had to go back into beyondpod , disable and re-enable it is control in order to have it respond again . my main gripe was that if i were listening a podcast , and bumped the headphone controls , the music would start playing over the top of my podcast audio . while it may be a cute multi-tasking demo , it is not a particularly practical use of this feature , imh ( bc ) o .
i am not familiar with the samsung galaxy , but in general if you want to install an aftermarket os you need to root your phone and in general rooting your phone will void the warranty . do you have other reasons for wanting to change the os or is it really just touchwiz ? according to this xda post , the only touchwiz-free rom is cyanogenmod . it is very unstable on the galaxy s though . however , you can install a different launcher such as launcherpro . touchwiz will still be on the phone , but just in the background , so you can have a more " stock android " experience by using another launcher . i hope i have answered your intial question . do not hesitate to ask new questions about how to go about disabling touchwiz if you do opt to go that route .
the prompt that appears is from the superuser app , which regulates root access for other apps on your device . it is a third party app , and is not part of the android system itself . to modify the apps that are approved for root access , simply open superuser from your app drawer . there is a tab which lists the currently approved apps , and tapping on an app will allow you to change its approval status or " forget " the status altogether ( which will bring up the prompt the next time you run it ) . there is also a setting that changes the behavior when you tap on an app in the list . you can set it to give you a prompt where you can select the approval status you want for the app ( as above ) , you can set it to " forget " an app when you tap on it ( with no prompt ) or you can set it to toggle between approval states when you tap ( again with no prompt ) .
when you first install an application that can handle the same intent as another application install ( for the sake of this example , let 's say a home launcher , but this works for any similar apps ) , then the first time you had press the home button ( which calls an intent to go to the home screen , which you now have 2 apps that could handle it ) , you will get a selection screen of applications that can fulfill that intent and you will have the option to set one of them as default . if set an application as default and you no longer wish to use that application as default you can either uninstall the application or you can go to settings --> applications --> manage apps --> go to the app in particular --> and click on " clear defaults " . this will reset the default application for that intent , so the next time you had press the home button you would again get a selection of home launchers to choose from .
firstly because they use the 3.5mm standard they will transmit sound to android just as you would expect on the iphone . all the controls work fine with the exception of the volume up and down . the microphone works currently on android as well . source : http://www.androidcentral.com/earpods-ear-holes-android
the refund button on the play store is only available for 2 hours ( although google 's support pages say 15 minutes ) . from your question it sounds like you may be the developer of the app , in which case you can manually refund the purchase regardless of when the app was purchased via your google wallet merchant account . i do not think this actually reverses the purchase ( they can still install and use the app ) but the cost of the purchase is refunded to the user .
you can build that module yourself from the source code of the linux kernel your device is running ( presumably some cyanogenmod kernel ) . you can find out which kernel your device is running , and with which compiler it was built , using cat /proc/version . try finding the corresponding kernel sources in the cyanogenmod repositories . the kernel configuration file used to build your kernel ( . config ) should come with the kernel sources . if you are lucky , you can dump it with zcat /proc/config.gz on your device . put the . config file into your source tree . find a matching compiler . typically , one of the compilers coming with the ndk will be fine . if the kernel uses modversions , you first need to build the kernel to get the module . symvers file right . assuming the ndk 's cross compiler is in your path , try : make -j4 ARCH=arm CROSS_COMPILE=arm-linux-androideabi-  one you have a kernel , add the modules you need to the configuration by using the xconfig ( or menuconfig ) make targets : make -j4 ARCH=arm CROSS_COMPILE=arm-linux-androideabi- xconfig  build the module . make -j4 ARCH=arm CROSS_COMPILE=arm-linux-androideabi- modules  if insmod'ing the module fails with an error saying that _global_offset_table_ was not found , try adding the -fno-pic option : make -j4 ARCH=arm CROSS_COMPILE=arm-linux-androideabi- XTRA_CFLAGS=-fno-pic modules  good luck .
by default email will be stored in the phone 's internal memory , not on the sd card . ( though you can ' move ' the app to sd storage , so it is possible that the sd card gets used ) . as others have said , once your mail is on the sd card , there is no protection as the sd card is removable ( since the data is unencrypted ) . for mail that is stored in the phone 's built-in memory , an attacker would have to unlock the phone to get the data . either directly through the mail app once unlocked , or to put the phone into " usb disk mode " to read the phone 's state from a usb-attached computer . ( a really sophisticated attacker could probably disassemble your phone and wire the flash to a custom reader , by passing the phone lock and read your unencrypted emails off of the flash . ) note that the exchange connection allows the exchange server to send a command to wipe your device . ( i believe this is contingent on some setup by the exchange admin . ) in the web ui for my exchange email server , there is an option to list authorized devices and to wipe them remotely . of course , the phone needs to be on a network to receive this command , so an attacker could delay this command by preventing the phone from using its networks .
no . it is a cdma phone using 800 and 1900 mhz bands . cdma phones can not be used on gsm networks ( at and t , tmobile . . . ) . gsm and cdma are completely different technologies .
summing up from the comments , and adding a little . directory structure there is no complete documentation for the entire cards structure , that seems not to be fixed . however , some directories seem to be more or less common : the developers guide suggests app specific data should be stored below /sdcard/Android/data/&lt;package_name&gt;/files/ ( &lt;package_name&gt; represending the name of the package the data belongs to , which looks like com.example.android.app ) , and /Android/data/&lt;package_name&gt;/cache/ for external cache files ( basically , this corresponds to the /data/data/&lt;package_name&gt;/ directory on internal storage ) same source recommends a bunch of directories to store files intended to be shared among apps . all of those directories are located in the root of the card , and include : Music/ - media scanner classifies all media found here as user music . Podcasts/ - media scanner classifies all media found here as a podcast . Ringtones/ - media scanner classifies all media found here as a ringtone . Alarms/ - media scanner classifies all media found here as an alarm sound . Notifications/ - media scanner classifies all media found here as a notification sound . Pictures/ - all photos ( excluding those taken with the camera ) . Movies/ - all movies ( excluding those taken with the camcorder ) . Download/ - miscellaneous downloads . excluding directories from media scan if you wish to exclude a directory from the media scan ( i.e. . from being indexed for the gallery ) , you can place a file named .nomedia there . this will tell the media scanner to skip this directory ( including all files and subdirectories ) from a scan -- thus neither images , nor audio or video files stored here will turn up in the gallery . you however can still access them by looking them up manually . up to my knowledge , there is no way to restrict this to a certain media type ( i.e. . having the media scanner index audio/video , but skip images ) . important : note the " dot " at the beginning of the file name ( making it a " hidden file" ) . this must be included with its name .
unless you have a previous backup , there is no easy way to recover them . use handcent or gosms - they have in-built scheduling to backup sms to your sd card or to send the backup to an email mailbox you specify .
if you have a compromised kernel , then it does not matter whether you have root or not . packet sniffing app goes through the kernel 's public interface for sniffing packets , which is why they are subject to security restrictions ; a compromised kernel can simply bypass all that and read the packets directly from the kernel internal data structure or directly from the hardware . kernel code runs under supervisor mode which gives them direct access to the hardware including being able to read any parts of memory of any program running on the system . if it is a branded phone that had been customized by your telco , they build the device image for your device , including the kernel image . in non-branded phone , it is similar situation except it is with the manufacturer . additionally , manufacturers can also install malicious hardware .
i would use the motochopper exploit from the first thread . the exploit is from dan rosenberg ( djrbliss on xda ) , a known security researcher who has published some android root exploits so far . if the exploit does not work , there is no harm it can inflict . if it does work , harm can only be done while persisting the root access but i have not seen any problems with that ( either it does not work at all or it just works ) . the second alternative seems to be a streamlined free/paid service that is probably probing your device and it will eventually use the same motochopper exploit from the first thread . background info : announcement on xda exploit : http://vulnfactory.org/public/motochopper.zip
i had to change the last part of the inf file . it worked perfectly after this change .
ssh internet through connect bot answer to this question describes how to do it .
i remove the saved networks and it started working again . hope this helps someone else .
the solution is to install program wake lock and set the setting to PARTIAL_WAKE_LOCK . this keep necessary power for sd card even if of charger and with disabled display . it obviously cause a bit more battery consumption , but far less then constant sd card remounting . no root needed .
is not possible install apps of google play without gapps , but you can install a " minimal google play " http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1918484
grab this . apk file from the xda forums and sideload it like you would any other app . the instructions state that it will work on unrooted devices , and cnet actually ran an article detailing this a little while back . the original xda thread is here , the link you need is the one under the qr code ( the " apk method" ) . this particular method will evidently only work if you live in the us and have android v4.0.2 or later installed , but that should cover any typical vzw galaxy nexus at this point . as far as i am aware , you will not be able to get updates from the play store if you sideload like this , but that is the only caveat i have personally encountered thus far on my vzw galaxy nexus . i used the free $10 prepaid balance at mcdonald 's without any issue . a few additional musings after doing some experimentation : after sideloading the . apk above i was not able to update wallet from the play store app on my phone . however , if i logged into the web store and visited the page for wallet , it listed my galaxy nexus as compatible . hitting install on the web page allowed me to push the updated version to my phone successfully , despite the fact that i could not do it from my phone . if you are itching to try out the newly added ability to add your credit card to wallet , you could try the above to get yourself updated to the newest version . alternatively , if you consider me a " trusted source " ( i am trustworthy , i swear ) you can get a copy from my dropbox account . i simply pulled the updated . apk file from my device after i updated through the play store , so i can safely say this version has not been tampered with by any third parties .
the su binaries are not included with the original distribution of android , because they are not used at all by any stock system functions . obviously , there are those of us that like to be able to do those things ; ) most rooting processes take care of this , but some leave it out . hence the file @matthew read linked to should take care of your problem , if you follow the process he outlined : ) if you had like to read more about it , you can visit the superuser website and find more downloads there , although the link posted supports eclair , froyo , gingerbread , honeycomb and ice cream sandwich . so it should cover you : )
i have the same problem with kies , all music but no playlists ! i tried winamp but no luck there either , it did crash alot on my pc , and s3 . so i tried a few other apps on play store , i am using easy phone tunes , i paid just over £1.00 for it , now it does all ther playlists . . . but . . out of 2226 tracks it syncs about 1980 tracks . however it gives me a list of all that it will not copy , it is a shame i can not copy/paste info from that list . i know it will not copy drm tracks , but i only have about 3 of those that i have bought from itunes anyway . i have emailed the dev of the easy phone tunes app for the pc and s3 , i am running sync again now to generate a log file to send him .
as with normal disks , this should apply to the disk and not a specific partition . some file systems offer additional caching , which then would apply to the specific partition -- but disk cache should always apply to the entire disk .
for the following procedure you will need adb installed on your computer ( if you are not already have that , see : is there a minimal installation of adb ? ) . alternatively , a terminal emulator app should do as well . android apps are managed by the " package manager " , which as a command-line interface called pm . so here 's what you can do with it for your case : of course you have to replace com.package.name with the package name of the app you want to deal with . easiest way to find that is visiting its page on google play , and take a look at the url : the package name follows the id= parameter there . it is the -k parameter telling the package manager to keep the app 's data . now , when you re-install the app , its data is already there ( was not removed ) . all this does not require root ( at least as long as we talk about a user-installed app ) .
the samsung rom does not have the stock aosp dialer and contacts app . it has touchwiz themed dialer and contacts app . this is one of the most glitchy and slowest of dialer apps out there . try the swipe dialer if you care to . it has good reviews and seems to be working fine across the board . another option will be to port aosp dialer as in cyanogenmod . this is advanced stuff and you will need knowledge of adb . try it out if you want . the easiest way out is to flash a custom rom . try cyanogenmod , aokp , paranoid android , etc . there are several others too . try xda developers forums for more in depth info .
user @izzy explained that encoded pictures are actually included in the .vcf created from the export . this led me to think that the issue is actually with thunbird 's contacts import and not with android 's contacts export . as it turns out this is right . since the default way for thunderbird to import vcards appears to be faulty , i used the add-on morefunctionsforaddressbook to import the address book . it worked fine and included all the pictures !
the discussion you have been reading is about compiling a modified kernel and a custom rom for the galaxy s4 , using a replacement wireless driver that is been changed to add support for ad-hoc wi-fi networks . the path /driver/net/wireless is a path in the kernel source tree , which contains the source code for the driver that needs to be changed before compiling the new kernel . it does not refer to any path on the device itself , or anything else you can change on the device .
the galaxy y gt-s5360 simply does not have backlighting for its capacitive buttons ( source 1 , source 2 ) whereas the ace does - there is nothing you can do .
flow 's absolutely right , but if you want to try another messenger that supports gtalk you could try meebo , ebuddy , or trillian . there are others , of course , but those are the ones i have tried that work well .
everything i have seen suggests you can only do it if your phone is rooted . here 's a tutorial for those with rooted phones .
yes . the galaxy nexus will accept no more than 4.5w of power ( 0.9a @ 5v ) from a charger , regardless of what the charger is capable of supplying . this is not a whole lot , so doing stuff will cut down on the amount of power available to charge the battery and it is actually possible to run down the battery while you are plugged in . testing by a guy on reddit showed peak power draws from the battery of over 5w when using google maps , so you had end up using the entire charger supply to power the hardware , and another 0.5w drawn from the battery .
you are completely right with your assumption : whenever an app is installed , it is first copied to /data/local . you can check that directory if either you have got a file manager permitting you to go there , or have the android sdk installed . no root needed , as this directory is readable and writable for the shell user . but to your last question : no , i am not aware of any mechanism to control that delay ( never saw a corresponding setting ) . if it can be configured ( and is not hardcoded in some place ) , this will most likely involve root privileges .
you are probably not going to like my answer , but i do not think there is anything you can do about it . i have tried to turn this off myself in the past , but the android os is such that you will receive a force close vibration no matter what . now , regarding your application actually force closing , here are my two best guesses ( since i can not see any of your code ) : you are trying to use a feature that requires documentation in the manifest file . you are overburdening the ui stack by not threading processes that take a long time to accomplish ( i.e. . contacting a server and receiving data , handling remote data , etc . ) , which can be solved with asynctasks . also , if you are getting frequent force close errors , please use ddms . it is an absolute god send for this kind of stuff . i know a lot of people who just try to " figure out " where they went wrong . debugging is a skill in its own right . sorry i could not directly answer your question . i instead tried to pinpoint where else you may be going wrong with your applications , which , to me , would seem to be a bigger issue . edit : to show you how i arrived at this conclusion : i firstly tried to look through all settings ( including my galaxy s manual ) , and obviously no cigar . i noticed that there are two classes that a developer must look into to at least see if this vibration can be turned off programatically ( for your specific program ) . these classes are the notification and vibrator classes . upon inspection , you can see that there is nothing within these classes that will allow you to do that . it is a system property . realizing that you must put in a " vibration " intent into the manifest in order to even manipulate the vibration should further prove this point :  &lt;uses-permission android:name="android.permission.VIBRATE"/&gt;  i was not really prepared to mess around with the actual android low-level code so i brought the issue up with my friend ( who has been messing around with the actual android kernel and os itself for a while ) in order to validate my suspicion . he said that this property was built in . in other words , you would have to override the property within the os itself in order to change the force close vibration . for me , that was the end of me trying to turn off this property .
i have the same problem . it is ridiculous . i do not really have a solution , but here 's my workaround : i forward the found email to myself . ( doing this , you still will not be able to read the message in the composition window ! ! ) so you will be able to read the forwarded message only when it comes around in your inbox . i really do hope they will fix this .
gps does not understand static direction at all ; it can only infer direction from motion . but there is an electronic compass inside the phone as well as the gps . you might want to download the " gps status + tools " program from the market ; you can see detailed status information for both the gps and the compass .
no . a system app has to be either installed by root or signed with the same key that signed the rom image .
just from the market description , astro player looks like it might .
so i was facing the same issue as well , and after getting no help from internet and forums , i contacted swype , here is the reply i received from them . i have not tried it yet , but i expect it to work . * this is , unfortunately , a known issue with the beta on some devices ; it is particularly prevalent on the htc incredible , and occurs specifically after a reboot of the device ( though it can , in rare occasions , occur at other times ) . the issue is related to a feature of some phones known as “fastboot” which is designed to bring the system into a usable state faster by delaying the start of some system functions until after the system has been made ready for user interaction . in our case , the esn variable ( a hardware identifier tied to the telephony radio ) is not loaded into memory until after swype has already started loading . this value is needed to verify swype’s license , and so swype’s licensing mechanism fails . the workaround for this issue is to switch the input method off of swype , type a few characters with another keyboard , then switch back to swype . this will trigger swype to reload the license . to do this , simply long-press on any text input box , choose “input method” , and select an alternative keyboard . type a few characters then use the same procedure to switch back to swype . i hope this helps relieve the frustration of having to reinstall swype all the time . it’s not a perfect solution , but it’s much better than reinstalling *
the answer to your question is extremely complex and ( in my opinion ) not material for se since there are a lot of files that you had need to download and cannot be hosted here . fortunately , xda has a thread for multi-booting on the gt-n7000 . i also found this tutorial on youtube so that you can see how its done .
i think you need to unlock it to the part where the new hope building is already accessible .
if you have the issue with files , that you were previously able to play , try to reboot your phone . if playback works afterwards , you seem to have the same issue as described in this problem : samsung galaxy s : unsupported file type ( mp3 ) i do not know of a fix for this yet , the only workaround seems to be a reboot .
does anyone have any suggestions as to how i can see the full text of the errors which are occurring when trying to sync my k9 folders ? it seems that there is no way to see these log messages on the device without root access , but if you do have root access , there are a couple of options , either grant the required permissions to alogcat or consider using a horrible hack tm to view them directly . view the log files on your pc or workstation via adb if you can connect your android device to a pc or workstation , then you can access the logs via the adb command . to do this on windows , first you will need to install the android sdk ( which will require the java se sdk ) and add the android-sdk\tools and android-sdk\platform-tools to the system path . then enable usb debugging on your nexus 7 , plug it in via usb , and install the android composite adb interface from android-sdk\extras\google\usb_driver ( i had to force windows xp to look here , it would not find the drivers on it is own ) . for details of how to get adb up and running without the full android sdk install , or on mac or linux machines , see izzy 's excellent answer to is there a minimal installation of adb ? then you can open a shell ( i.e. . a cmd window ) and run the command : adb logcat k9:V *:S AndroidRuntime:E  i have confirmed that this works on my non-rooted nexus 7 . grant permissions to alogcat if you have root access , you could consider granting the READ_LOGS permission to alogcat , as suggested in this post alogcat/catlog/lumberjack not working ? do this . . . on the xda-developers forum : pm grant &lt;pkg&gt; android.permission.READ_LOGS  to grant this permission to alogcat or alogcat.donate , you would use one of the following commands , depending on whether you are running the donate version or not : pm grant org.jtb.alogcat.donate android.permission.READ_LOGS pm grant org.jtb.alogcat android.permission.READ_LOGS  according to one post on android-developers and the ticket , the permission grant survives reboot and update , but not uninstall/reinstall . sadly since this requires root access , whether i run this on the device or on my pc ( prefixed by adb shell ) i just get the error : Neither user 12345 nor current process has android.permission.GRANT_REVOKE_PERMISSION  i cannot confirm that this works , since my nexus 7 has not been rooted . consider using a horrible hack tm if you have root access , you could consider making logcat setuid root and running logcat from the device shell , as suggested in this answer to my how can i access android log files on my nexus 7 without root access ? question : chmod 04755 /system/bin/logcat logcat k9:V *:S AndroidRuntime:E  again , i cannot confirm that this works and i would probably only use it as a last resort , given the security implications . why are no log messages from k9 appearing in the alogcat log viewer ? could something have changed in jelly bean which lead k9 's logging to stop working ? since there seem to be remarkably few messages being shown by alogcat in general , has something has changed in jelly bean which could mean that it is no longer able to access all messages ? this appears to be a change in jelly bean which affects all applications which may try to read the log files . apparently read_logs permission is not granted to 3rd party applications in jelly bean . since this link seems to be unreliable : today i have tested my application on newest ( api 16 ) emulator before releasing it to google play . it turned out that android now refuses to grant this permission to 3rd party applications . this is weird because i have looked through all jelly bean 's documented changes and could not find anything that mentions read_logs permission . and later the protectionlevel for read_logs is now " signature|system|development " . the new pipe syntax for protectionlevel is also undocumented ( see http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=34785 ) . my suspicion is that alogcat is only seeing messages generated by itself and it is vm . for further information , see flow answer 's to my question how active should i expect my jelly bean system log file to be ?
here is a video tutorial on how to get it setup . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-6woh20ulli explanation of video this requires the xposed framework ( http://goo.gl/nnwz9 ) and the google now api for it ( http://goo.gl/5pf3jg ) . you will need to be rooted to install the xposed framework . first you need to do this : 1 . open google now api 2 . click plugin ( example autovoice ) 3 . check " enable " for google now integration in tasker you will need to setup something similar to task for task : 1 . create a new action 2 . create ' if ' ( for action category ) 3 . for condition select ( or type if you cant find ) avsource 4 . make sure condition is set to matches 5 . type in googlenow for what the condition matches 6 . create whatever action you want for the if ( need to be familiar with tasker ) 7 . create ' end if '
i did this for myself by navigating to settings > storage , tap on the misc category , select the ~4 gb linux image and use the trash icon to delete it , but this will probably vary depending on what device you use .
there is no where in the stock system that provides the id , however there are apps that will provide it , such as android system info . some stock roms hidden menus also contain this info .
look in settings-> accounts most likely you will have an account there for facebook . there may be settings for that account that allow you to choose what gets synced . otherwise if you do not need any of it , delete the account . it will not running in the background updating facebook statuses for those contacts . . . should help with battery life , memory , etc . hope this helps .
it depends on router to router , like i have a belkin router , in which i can set up mac address filtering . to set up this , open your router default page ( might be 192.168.1.1 or 192.168.2.1 ) . if it asks for password and username , first try leaving it blank , if this does not log you in , try putting admin in both user name and password , if this does not log you in , contact your isp ( internet service provider ) . then go in the firewall settings and then find mac address filtering . then add the mac address of the device you want to be allowed in the given fields . only the devices whose mac address has been entered , can connect with the router . you can manage all this via your mobile . if you post your router model number and company ( located at the bottom of the router ) , i can tell you if your router supports filtering or not .
it is enormously annoying , is not it ? there is no way to suppress it on an unmodified system that i know of , but you can at least free up more internal disk space by emptying system and app caches using an app like sd maid or by going into the application management section ( Settings-&gt;Applications-&gt;Manage Applications-&gt;All , then click on an app name ) and manually clearing out app data for hogs like google maps and the like using the Clear cache button ( note : do not clear the app data ! just the cache ) .
you phone should light up when you activate it . when an internal process either stops or wakes up you phone ( like you said to start data transfer ) or on other actions the lights can light up . when a process crashes my phone lights up the control keys too , usually with a buzz .
most shell commands in android are not gnu versions or another posix-compliant implementation , they are either from toolbox or busybox and mostly stripped down versions . a lot of commands in /system/bin are symlinks to /system/toolbox . i have not found much documentation about it , just the source at https://android.googlesource.com/platform/system/core/+/jb-mr1-release/toolbox/ busybox is another implementation of several common shell commands , with more commands and features than the default toolbox . it is used on other embedded systems too , and some bootable gnu/linux cds , so you may already be familiar with it . because it is open-source , there are several installers available on google play : just search for " busybox " .
ok , i uninstalled and deleted the drivers for the tablet and then reinstalled manually and it worked .
you can disable automatic updates from google play store app . head over to settings &rarr ; auto-update apps . you can also set it to update over wi-fi only , from the same settings page
a copy is locally stored , so these contacts are also available when there is no current data connection .
you can not change this . in android , the app can tell the keyboard ( or input method ) what extra actions to show ( such as send ) . the app can also specify that the text field can only hold single-line text , as in this case . what you could do is switch to a different keyboard app . you might be able to find one that puts the action in a different place ( not in place of the enter key ) that is harder to press by accident , or that completely ignores the action that is hinted by the app .
plug in your phone and drag the apk file onto the sd card . then go on the phone and download a file manager ( astro file manager is my favorite ) from the play store . then in the file manager find your apk file ( it should be in /sdcard or /mnt/sdcard ) . tap on the apk file and an installer should show up .
i will say yes , but , that answer does not necessarily hold true 100% of the time . it really depends on the bands that the device supports . on the device spec sheets you will usually see something like this : 800/1900/700 these are the bands that the device will operate on . i pulled these numbers from the droid bionic . from that spec sheet , it goes even further and shows that it supports ev-do rev . a ( cdma/3g ) , and lte ( 4g ) . so this phone does support verizon 's 3g and 4g networks , which means that if 4g is not avaialble , then it will fall back to the cdma data network ( which is what the device will uses for voice even when data uses lte . the same rules apply for gsm networks like at and t and t-mobile . the device spec sheet will say what bands the device can operate on , and if the carrier 's network operates within that band , then the phone will work . this is why iphone users can use unlocked at and t iphones on t-mobile 's network , but they only can get edge data . this is because the iphone does not support the band that t-mobile uses for its umts/hspa/hspa+ ( 3g/4g ) data networks . t-mobile bands : 850/1900 ( gsm/gprs/edge ) 1700/2100 ( umts/hspa ) at and t bands : 850/1900 ( gsm/gprs/edge ) 580/1900 ( umts/hspa ) ( 3g ) 700 ( lte ) ( 4g ) verizon bands : 800/1900 ( cmda/ev-do ) ( 3g ) 700 ( lte ) ( 4g ) sprint does not know if they want to use lte or wimax so i am not listing their bands .
try disabling the notification then restart your tablet and see if it reappears : go to Settings &gt; Application Manager &gt; All &gt; Google Services Framework and then uncheck " show notifications " . are you rooted ? if so , and if disabling the notification does not work , try freezing or uninstalling the update apk : use root explorer or es explorer and go to phone memory system/app/ and delete or rename updatecenter . apk . alternatively , you could freeze this application in titanium backup application . you could also try modifying your build . prop file to trick the tablet into thinking it is already updated ( root required ) . this was also mentioned in an answer to a previous question . to prevent the update notification , you will probably just have to change the build . prop values . so , change : ro . build . description=voles-user 2.2.2 frg83g 91102 release keys to ro . build . description=voles-user 2.2.3 frk76 185902 release keys and ro . build . fingerprint=verizon/voles/sholes/sholes:2.2.2/frg83g/91102:user/release-keys to ro . build . fingerprint=verizon/voles/sholes/sholes:2.2.3/frk76/185902:user/release-keys note that this quote is referring to old software versions and that the ro.build.description and ro.build.fingerprint lines will need to look different for you than those quoted . check out this answer for more information on making such a change . for me and my 2012 n7 i just lived with the notification until i could not stand it any more , then i just upgraded anyway .
if fastboot from your computer can not find it , try following these steps exactly , beginning with installing the Requirements below . the most likely problem is some sort of driver missing , disallowing the computer from reading the phone in while it is in the bootloader . this guide can be found on addictivetips.com, and uses a fastboot program from your computer to unlock the bootloader : requirements : fastboot package . sony ericsson usb drivers ( 32bit and 64bit ) . a functioning internet connection . steps : to begin , navigate to this website : http://unlockbootloader.sonyericsson.com/instructions . click continue at the bottom of the page and enter your device’s imei code , name and email address in the relevant fields . your unique unlock key will now be mailed to you . now unzip fastboot . rar and open the folder extracted . within that folder , hold the shift key and press the right mouse button . now select open command window here . now we need to connect the phone to the pc in fastboot mode . do so by turning the phone off , holding the menu button ( search button for the xperia play ) and plugging in the usb cable . now in the command prompt , enter the following command : fastboot.exe -i 0x0fce getvar version now enter the command , replacing key in the string with the unlock key mailed to you : fastboot.exe -i 0x0fce oem unlock 0xKEY that is it ! the bootloader is now unlocked .
as i see an alternative keyboard may solve your issue , and this seems to be an acceptable solution , and you even mention something you cannot find -- hereby i proudly present : hacker 's keyboard checking its guide , there is in fact a section suggesting such a feature : you can configure the gesture used for this in the keyboard 's " gesture and key actions " settings menu . if the swipe action is too hard to trigger , try binding the " close keyboard " action to the " volume down " hardware key . this will not interfere with normal use of the volume button while the keyboard is closed . though this applies to " close": if there are gestures you can configure , it might as well be able to have one for " open " . the faq may reveal some more clues . saintwacko notes in the comments : to be able to open it anywhere , you go into the settings for the keyboard and check the box for ' permanent notification ' . it will then keep an entry in the notifications which you can tap to bring up the keyboard at any point . so this would be an alternative possibility -- the hook being it is hooked to this special keyboard .
have you tried doing a factory reset ( you will lose all data ) ? steps to do a factory reset are found here .
android default icon provides the functionality color of the icon ( gray ) already indicates " sign-in required " type of connection . ( credit goez to izzy )
it is impossible to pin-point such app without closer information . but there are several helpers available to narrow down the list of candidates . easiest way is if your device is rooted and running android &lt ; 4.1 ( i.e. . up to 4.0 . x ) . in this case take a look at lbe privacy guard : set gps to " always ask " for all apps and see which one is touching it . lbe would then pop-up a dialog box and ask you to confirm/deny , optionally also to remember this decision . for all legitimate candidates , simply confirm and let it remember ; for unwanted candidates reject and remember . if unsure , just do not let it remember . along these lines , your candidate should reveal its presence . with android 4.1+ , do not even try to install that app ( your device would be locked into a boot-loop ) . instead , head to xda , where they have localized versions of its companion ( e . g in this thread ) . it is quite bloated , but might help in your case . your device is not rooted this makes it a little more tricky . no fancy popups helping you out here ( to my knowledge ) . but you could use a permission scanner to narrow down the list of candidates . one possible candidate would be appbrain ad detector – with the side-effect to also detect apps with dangerous ad modules in installed apps ( spyware and the like ) : in the first example screenshot ( just click the image for a larger variant ) you can see " may share your location " listed in " concerns " . which means the app displayed uses location and network . to not have to open each app separately : the second screenshot shows you can list apps by permission . alternative helpful candidates include guardian droid and permission explorer : with some luck , your investigation leaves you with only a few candiates ( with great luck it is just one , and you have found the culprit ) . now you can see if you can ( temporarily ) disable those , and whether the problem is gone this way . if so , enable them one-by-one until the problem re-appears – which is after you have re-enabled the app you are looking for . postscriptum above described steps can similarly be applied to other permissions as well : )
no , you cannot see that . there is no such thing , all you can do is just track the activity of your app and see where it is most used . that is all .
no , not easily . one of the side-effects of using google services , is that all the google services link together in the back-ground . this can be incredibly useful in some cases ( if i google for a bar 's address on my desktop pc , my phone will later offer me directions and estimated travel time to that bar on a google now card ) . some can be spooky . having said that there are ways around this , the easiest is that just because you have an android phone , does not mean you are limited to using google 's services , one of the strengths of android is all the choices you have : you could get your apps from amazon 's app store , instead of the play store you could sync your mail , contacts and calendar with an imap server , instead of gmail , or you could install yahoo 's apps or microsoft 's apps and use those instead . or alternatively you could create a second google account , add it to your phone and use that account for the apps/services that you had rather keep separate from the apps/services that you use " as you " . have a look through the google-account tag for some hints on how to set up another account and swap apps from using one account to another .
nope , no limit . source at xda-developers forum
i can only comment on gosms which , while being a great app , has a few obvious issues . texting via gochat is , at best , unreliable . with both parties connected to hi-speed broadband , texts take their own sweet time to deliver . these texts should not expire but they do . given a certain amount of time , texts stay undelivered . if you have root access and are thinking of uninstalling the stock sms app ( which would be the logical thing to do ) , bear in mind that gosms notifications do not work hand in hand with the app 's ui . meaning , if you see a notification in the status bar and press on it , it will lead you to the main app interface but you may or may not see the actual message . this happens often when you receive more than one or two texts at the same time . strangely , even though you can not read the texts ( i assumed they were lost ) , you will have an irritating notification indicating that you have unread texts ( that you obviously can not read because they do not show up ) . having the stock app ensures that gosms shows all texts , unread or otherwise . also , when you have read the text in the stock app , the notification from gosms disappears . local backup only works when you are not connected , either via wi-fi or mobile data . with the latest version of the app , everything gets backed up to gocloud . this happens only if you have signed up with gochat . hope this helps .
that is a pretty well known " feature " . do not worry , your data is backed up there – it only does not restore . and you cannot even really delete it there . so in some way , it is " safe " . . . things you might want to look up in this context : what exactly is synced with google ? underlines what i have said before , and also shows you ways to check what is " synced " google backup : multiple devices using the same account - what happens on restore ? plenty of details on how that " google cloud backup " works ( and sometimes fails ) what info does google backup ? well , the title says it all : ) issue 17354: " automatic restore " rarely works , and then only partially what i already indicated above , and most likely the answer to your current issue . note that this ticket was opened in june , 2011 – and still has the status " new " . one of the comments also includes a possible work-around : here 's what i did that worked . i factory reset the device ( again ) , and then at the very first screen ( where you choose the language ) , i turn it off . i put in a difference sim card , turn it on and then proceed with the normal setup . this worked for my nexus 4 . heise on undeletable wifi passwords ( german ) if you do not believe me about " undeletable backups " , this is my reference . the article is in german , and the publisher ( heise verlag ) is one of the most famous and most trusted sources here in germany , concerning it topics . there are many many more references i could give , but that would be a bit much for here . so a last hint : check the " linked " and " related " question links on the ase q and as i have linked here .
try image transfer .
ok , i think they have fixed it some weeks ago , as i did not notice any new sms message that comes after a real hangouts message .
after looking through the help file and through astro quite a bit , alas , i believe the answer is no . while it does allow for editing , the only option for creation is directory ( folder ) creation , as you pointed out . that being said , i think this would be an excellent feature , and might be worth suggesting to the developers . i know you said you did not want other apps , but to show one directly with the feature . . . this is x-plore file manager
simply get yourself a terminal app ( a good choice would be android terminal emulator ) , start it , and enter the command free . the output then should look like this : this example is from my motorola milestone 2 , and you can see : it does not use any swap : " total " available swap space is "0" . if your device would use swap , at least the numbers for " totals " and one of " used " or " free " should be &gt ; 0 .
google play is covered by the terms of google 's privacy policy , and in fact links you to it when you first launch the app or visit the link in the play website 's footer . the very brief summary is that they divide it into : " information you give us " - any info provided during registration device information - noted to be "...your hardware model, operating system version, unique device identifiers, and mobile network information including phone number" log information location information unique application numbers local storage cookies and anonymous identifiers since google 's apps are proprietary i doubt you will get much more definite information than that unless you ask google directly . you can read the full text of google 's privacy policy to see how they use the information they collect ( among other things ) .
one of the restrictions introduced with 4.4-kitkat was moving the WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE permission to protection-level " signatureorsystem " , which means even if requested , a " normal app " ( i.e. . one you install yourself as " normal user " without any root specialities ) will no longer get it granted . so there are very few things you can do to " work around " this : obviously : rooting the device , and removing this limit using the app 's " personal " directory as storage for your sync'd files ( i.e. . &lt;sdcard&gt;/Android/&lt;package_name&gt; , as this is the only place an app can write on sd with kitkat ) using your internal-sd card as storage ( as here the limitation does not apply )
looks like this is not possible . in the opera mini faq , it says : you must have a compatible phone with an internet connection . when you download opera mini , you will be told if your phone is known to work . to see if your handset can run opera mini , visit the list of supported devices .
if you do not install the google apps package the first time , you will not have access to anything that relies on google 's services framework . this means things like : google play google talk google maps the gmail application . . . etc , will not function on your device because they will lack the libraries needed to run . you do not need to re-install the google apps package every time you update cyanogenmod . it will essentially back up your current ones and then re-install them during the flashing process . simply flash the updated rom however you normally would .
as a nexus 7 owner , i can confirm for you that it does not have a led flash for its front-facing camera . in fact , off the top of my head , i can not think of a single device that does . documentation of a feature that is not present is going to be hard to come by . a good verification of this fact , however , is in ifixit is teardown pictures ( see steps 12 and 13 ) . camera and light sensor , no flash .
cat /proc/filesystems is the typical linux/unix way of determining this . it works fine on cyanogenmod , but i am not sure about other roms . if you want to filter out all of the other supported filesystems you could grep the output , too ( assuming you have got grep , of course ) : # cat /proc/filesystems | grep 'ext*' ext2 ext3 ext4 # 
you can create an application for any device that runs the android os , this is not restricted to specific device manufacturers . restrictions in the execution are caused mainly because of the version of the android os that runs on the device ( the differtent api 's ) or the difference in hardware capabilities between devices . if you are planning to make an application you should by all means have some programming experience . with the use of some very helpful software development tools you could create personal application like suggested . be sure to check out the documentation provided on androids official website to get a solid introduction on this topic .
try myphoneexplorer to control ( almost ) any android device . you can easily send and receive sms on your pc when this software is connected to your phone . or htc sync manager for synchronizing .
on my samsung fascinate i click on this button next to the address bar : and it takes me to this screen , which also has a history tab ( top-right ) : the functionality shown above is also available to me on cyanogenmod 7 , leading me to think that it is a feature of the stock browser ( i.e. . not added by samsung ) .
llama . a laymans version of tasker . it can do so much more but should suffice with minimal battery impact as it uses cell sites to identify rather than gps .
if the wi-fi hotspot feature is broken in your custom rom , then it does not matter what apps you install . they all rely on the os to do their work . you need to build or find a rom which supports this feature in order to use it .
wifi pppoe by cnddu is an app that allows you to make a pppoe connection from your phone over a wireless connection : . . . main purpose is for user to make pppoe connection via wifi , e.g. dialing through adsl modem with user name and password provided by some internet isps . this app makes the android devices be able to connect to internet directly via pppoe dialing through wifi , and no need for another wifi router any more . note that a rooted phone with busybox installed is required to use this app . there are also a number of other similar apps available in the play store now , some free , some not . they all currently seem to require a rooted phone . ( answer rescued from deletions )
i have found it ! pinch with two fingers on the home page , to enter the edit pages mode , then move them around .
media scanner scans both sd card as well as usb storage , but not rom and system storage . means , it scans from /sdcard/ and /sdcard/external_sd/ mount points . it goes deep inside all non-hidden sub-directories , unless .nomedia file is detected . media scanner skips rom and system storage because both require root permission to write anything there . and , its very unlikely for an end-user to store music , photo there .
this can often be caused by filesystem corruption on the sd card . the sd card might appear to work normally if you do not access the corrupted parts of the filesystem , but since the media scanner reads the whole filesystem , it is much more likely to get stuck on a corrupted file or directory . try removing the sd card and using a card reader on your pc to check the filesystem ( e . g . with scandisk or fsck ) .
as it turns out , my problem was that i have unrooted my phone before attempting to reset to s=off . the kernel did not allow this , because the phone was , obviously , not rooted . after rerooting my phone and attempting the method above again ( i had to enter the commands in the unroot script manually . it didnt work when just running the script ) , i was able to get s=on and revert to the stock rom .
i ended up getting the digital to analog converter off amazon . i tried the suggestion of onik but galaxy nexus has different 3.5mm jack than other galaxy phones . i even tried my old htc incredible video out cable that goes through a modified microusb but i did not fit the galaxy nexus microusb port . there was no solution , that i could find , for an analog video other than the digital to analog converter . i installed it today and it works perfectly so i my phone mirrors to my head units display without a hitch . the only trouble i ran into was powering the ac powered unit . i already had a dc to ac converter so i just plugged the ac power of the video converter box in to the power converter box and hit it away in my glove box ( many conversions , haha . ) it looks seamless until you open the glove box .
if your device is rooted , and you have a custom recovery installed : wipe the dalvik cache . next boot will take a little longer ( as the dalvik cache has to be rebuilt ) , but the problem should be gone . if the above is not an option , you could try to backup the affecgted apps and their data using e.g. helium backup , then uninstall the apps , and restore them ( including their data ) from their backup . this way their dalvik cache would be rebuilt as well , you do not lose your data , and helium can do that in a batch-process to save you a bunch of clicks .
this is a suggestion , it may not meet all your critera and not all routers support it . set a second ssid on the router which is not broadcast have a simple password on this ssid with a minimal number of characters implement mac lockdown on this ssid enter the mac of your phone as the only approved connection your router will only accept connections from specific mac addresses on the new ssid , even if others guess your password .
it is probably the same thing although rom is supposed to be the area / location where stuff is only ever written once ( during manufacture / initial flashing ) .
i am not aware of an official changelog anywhere , but you can look at the commit log on the git repository here . anything between the 2.2_r1.3 tag and the 2.2.1_r1 tag was a change added in 2.2.1 . the summary : it is basically just bugfixes , hence why it is a smaller increment ( as opposed to 2.2-&gt;2.3 , for example ) . note : if you are getting a 2.2.1 update from a carrier then they may have added other changes to their own software , so the above applies to the android os itself and not any additional components .
i would say all videos players , but in doubt i tested : aosp gallery : works . the new " photos " app that comes with google+ : works . mx player ( free ) : works .
i am not going to answer if its a good idea or not - you need to solve that for yourself : ) . having your contacts stored with google contacts will eliminate any duplicates ( at least duplicates where you have the number stored in the sim and e-mail in google , or something like that ) and allow you to manage/sync those contacts from anywhere you can access google contacts , like a computer . your are correct that it will ' backup ' your contacts so that if you were to switch phones or even carriers , you would not have to worry about bringing your contacts as long as the phone you have supports google contacts ( web or app ) . keeping your contacts on the sim allows you to keep them from google ( if you are worried about privacy ) and if you get another sim-based phone you can easily move them ( provided you keep the same sim ) . personally having my contacts in google contacts has been great . easy synchronization , use photos from picasa as contact photos , management from a computer . . . but you will have to decide for yourself which is " better " you may want to see this answer to help you move your contacts from the sim to google contacts .
mp4 is a container that can contain different video codecs , it sounds like your device is creating its videos using an unusual codec that not many other devices have loaded by default . as seth and hcpl have said vlc player can play almost any format and should be able to play your videos . if you want to know what codec is being used , then try opening the video in a codec identifying app like gspot , this should tell you exactly which audio and video formats and codecs are in your videos .
i use jorte to add events to my google calendar linked accout without problems and without any specific setting tuning .
from the developer page , background data is used for " an application that uses the network in the background . " for example , a quick search tells me the market requires this to be turned on . keeping background data set to on is what enables you to keep data from gmail , weather , facebook , twitter , etc . up to date without having to manually refresh/sync each of them . also realize that battery usage increases with each app or account that is utilizing background data . i notice twitter has several time increments to choose from in terms of synchronization rate - this helps balance between having the latest data and preserving battery . hope it helps .
the source code for the adb exploit used in the superoneclickroot tool is available : http://stealth.openwall.net/xsports/rageagainstthecage.tgz . you would have to crosscompile rageagainstthecage . c ( after reviewing it of course . . . ) for arm5 and then do the whole adb thing , descibed for example here in thread no . 844966 at xda-dev ( my one link was already used up , sorry ) . i do not speak from experience however .
i use diskusage for situations like this . it graphs the directory structure for you in a very pedagogical way to show you what directories ( and subdirectories ) that are taking up the most space . it literally solves situations like this in 15 seconds for me , because i will see a big square with the text " movies " or something on it , realizing i completely forgot i put an entire season of wonders of the universe on my device or something — or i will se a folder with a name of an app that has long since been deleted with a bunch of useless cache : ) try it out , i am not sure how well it works on non-rooted devices but i think it should work on those as well , i do not think it does anything else than list directories and add their content size up .
are you sure your tags are correct , it sounds like they are not ? try looking at the files with something like mp3tag or mediamonkey they should show exactly which tags are in there and let you clear out any corrupted tags .
you should be able to do this natively . android 3.0 ( and below ) : in your launcher , press and hold on a blank area and click " shortcuts " . select " drive shortcut " , then your document , and it will create a link for you . android 4.0 ( and above ) open your app drawer and jump to the widgets section . swipe until you get to " drive shortcut " . long-press and drop on your desktop . choose the account to use ( if necessary ) then select the document .
hardware wise , they are almost identical ( at least to some of the us versions of the galaxy s ) but there are some differences some of the differences are : the galaxy s has 3 hardware buttons ( menu , home and back ) , the nexus s has 4 ( back , menu , search and home ) . these are the buttons below the screen . the nexus s has slightly curved glass the nexus s has an nfc chip the nexus s does not have a microsd slot . the nexus s has a flash for the rear 5mp camera the galaxy s supports bluetooth 3.0 , nexus s , bluetooth 2.1 in terms of software : the galaxy s uses the samsung rfs for a lot of the file system , the nexus s uses ext4 ext4 performs a lot better then rfs does the galaxy s runs the samsung touchwiz 2.2 ( froyo ) modified version of android , the nexus s runs " stock " android 2.3 ( gingerbread ) here is a screenshot of the i9000
you can do this via wifi , using a remote management app like e.g. airdroid or , when on windows , myphoneexplorer . there are a lot more apps like this , and they give you the added benefit of being able to manage a lot of other things remotely -- as e.g. reading/writing sms , managing apps/contacts/ringtones , copying files between your device and your computer , and sometimes even backup stuff . most of them ( like the mentioned airdroid 1 ) start a web service on your device , which you then can access with your browser . this often looks like a " virtual pc " ( see screenshot below ) . others ( like here myphoneexplorer 2 ) have a native pc-client , which can even do more ( like here : synchronizing with outlook and others ) . airdroid managing pictures myphoneexplorer windows client
you need a launcher app to do such things . try using launchers available on playstore , like nova launcher . launcher will give you access to hiding notification bar , configuring desktop grid , playing around with doc and so on .
( note : you may need to be rooted to do this , depending on where the app is writing these files - if you do , run su before running these commands ) install a terminal emulator on your phone . once it is finished installing , open it up and type cd /the/folder . if you have enough time to type in commands while the file exists simply type chmod -R 444 . , which will make the current directory and all subdirectories read-only . if you do not have enough time , type something like this : while true; do if ls | grep &lt;filename&gt;; then chmod -R 444 .; fi; done . leave it running in the terminal session and when the app creates &lt ; filename&gt ; it'll make the directory and its subdirectories read-only . ( all of the above can be run in adb shell if you prefer , but imo installing a terminal emulator is less of a hassle )
using this as source procedure- turn on the portable wi-fi hotspot on your android smartphone ( or tablet ) go to the settings screen on your android phone . you can get there by pressing the menu button on your device when you are on the home screen , then tapping " settings " . at the settings screen , tap the " wireless and networks " option . you should see an option for " portable wi-fi hotspot " . click the check mark beside it to turn on the hotspot and your phone will start acting like a wireless access point . ( you should see a message in the notification bar when it is activated . ) to adjust and check the settings for the hotspot , tap the aptly named " portable wi-fi hotspot settings " option . you will need to do this if you do not know the default password that will be created for your hotspot so you can make a note of it for connecting your other devices . you can change the default password , security level , router name ( ssid ) , and also manage users connected wirelessly to your phone in the wi-fi hotspot settings .
you do not need drivers for a mac . what you can do so you can access adb from anywhere is create an environment variable that points to the path of adb . open terminal type cd ~ this will take you to your home directory type touch .profile this will create a hidden file named profile type open -e . profile this will open the file you just created in textedit in the file , type export path=${path}:/pathtotheandroidsdkfolder/android-sdk-mac_86/platform-tools save file , close textedit , quit terminal , and relaunch terminal now when you run adb devices , in a terminal , you should see something like the following : list of devices attached 5751a45cb25ef device if you do not see anything listed for devices , make sure you have usb debugging enabled in Settings > Development > USB Debugging
in adb shell or terminal emulator ( and most likely over ssh ) you can use the pm utility to install apps . the command is : pm install /sdcard/app1 . apk the following are the switches of pm: for example , you can force the app to install directly to the external storage ( froyo/gingerbread style . ) p.s. the wget utility should be available via busybox on cm7 . if not , you can always install it via android market .
my buddy with a htc evo 4g w/ android 2.2 put the sd card in his phone and had no problem reading the files on the sd card . the files were on a seperate partition that was not recognized w/ my mytouchslide using 2.1 . he was unable to format the card with his evo but had a card adapter and put it in his computer and formatted the card on his computer . : ) he said best practices are : un-mounting the sd card before you remove it from the phone putting the card back in when the phone is off backing up your sd card data regularly just in case
and how do you think you can determinate upstair/downstair location ? transformer has gps receiver , but its precision in indoor use is way too low to have a reliable altitude reading .
disabling a notification for particular app wont ' save battery . yes it would a little by not ringing and vibrating and also by not making you look at the phone . actually notification is handled by os itself . an app just says that i want this notification to be displayed and os handles it . in your case those apps are running in background using service and periodically asks the os to display the notification . event though you have disabled the notification the service is still running and still requesting the os to display notification .
after i installed the astro file manager and i went to " preview " - astro popped up , and saying , " give a filename " ok , then it saved the files ! ! ( the files must be ex . : zipped ! ! ) - and then i was able to extract the files in the zip .
it looks like someone has finally managed to get cyanogenmod 7 ( android 2.3.7 gingerbread ) ported to charm and flipout phones ( they are very similar in hardware . ) this thread over at xda has all the details : first of all your device should be rooted with superoneclick or any other method ( if you do not know how to do it search on google ) download flipout system recovery from the market . download cm7 rom here . https://docs.google.com/uc?id=0b_9pv...xport=download download google apps here https://docs.google.com/uc?id=0b_9pv...xport=download put both the cm7 rom and the google apps on the root of the sdcard . open flipout recovery and select install recovery system . grant it superuser permission . after that select recovery boot wipe data , cache and open advanced and wipe dalvik cache select " install zip from sdcard " - " choose zip from sdcard " - select the cm7 rom and go to - yes - and wait until finish installation , then use the same procedure to install the google apps . repeat step 7 again . reboot and enjoy cm7 . i am happy to report that this tutorial works , and completely replaces the motoblur firmware of motorola charm with cyanogenmod 7 . it is not perfect ( rotation is " sticky " , there is no way to disable the back-track , etc . ) but it functions well enough to be considered " working " .
you can certainly install the amazon app store app on the emulator . first go to the settings and allow installation of apps from unknown sources , then open the browser and download this app . this will download the app store . apk , which you can then install . however , if you are planning to download and run angry birds ( or other games ) , on the emulator , you will probably find it is too slow unless you have a very fast pc . it might work ok for less demanding apps . also , beware that at the moment amazon only permits us users to download apps ( see how can i get apps from the amazon app store from an unsupported region ? ) .
cyanogenmod 11 has a built-in mechanism for checking for updates . go to Settings -&gt; About Phone -&gt; CyanogenMod updates there you can toggle when your device will query for an update and on what release channel ( release and development being stable and nightly respectively ) . when an update will appear click on it is icon to download and install , from there , it will do everything for you .
ok , so this problem reoccurred a couple more times until i realised it seemed to happen after my phone restarts and sorts itself out after killing a few running services i did not need . i narrowed it down to an app called announcify . the lesson for me , and others , is to try selectively killing services to troubleshoot any such problems in future .
unlike a desktop gnu/linux system , android is not designed for command-line use , so it does not come with the full set of command-line programs that a gnu system would have . it only has the most basic commands ( like the ones you have already seen working ) , and android-specific utilities such as am , pm , bmgr . you can get access to the basic posix commands ( such as less and grep ) by installing busybox . there are several installers for it on google play . for any more specialist programs like make , you will need to find an android port of the particular program and install it .
having the free go launcher ex installed , you can install go launcher jelly beans theme , also free , and fully personalize your backgrounds . ultra clean , sharp app drawer with free replaceable backgrounds to change app drawer background : press menu > pref > visual settings > backgrounds > app drawer background > go theme background
in the contacts app , under Menu | Display options i can select which of my accounts contacts ' to display ( and , in the case of gmail contacts , which groups to display ) . assuming samsung has not monkeyed with that , you should be able to determine which account they are from by process of elimination .
there is no reason a class 10 card would not work . the card being faster should not break anything . i can find no evidence that the acer liquid metal detects and behaves badly with a fast card , or does not use the sd card specifications properly , or anything like that .
if it is done like on the galaxy nexus , just open the folder , tap the text Unnamed folder and write your own label : )
i am not sure what did it but it must be os dependent as once i installed cyanogenmod9 alpha6 i had those options available under performance settings and they also became available in the tasker menus as well .
short answer : it depends . long answer : android developers have the ability to specify requirements for their apps both in terms of software ( minimum os version , for example ) and hardware . for example , an app that does turn-by-turn navigation may require the android device it is being installed on to have built-in gps . such an app would be listed as " incompatible " with any tablet that does not have a gps chip ( the tablet reports its hardware features to the play store ) . the same is true for a reverse situation , where an app that requires a minimum screen resolution may work fine on a tablet , but show as incompatible for phones that are below that limit . another example is google tv . since none of the current models have touch-screen support , any apps that require this feature would be listed as not compatible on the play store . these limitations are only being enforced by the google 's play store . this means that if you manage to side-load the app 's apk file , it may work just fine on any device . however , the lack of minimum requirements will mean that the app will be unstable .
i also had the same issue . incase you are on vodafone network , try and select vodafone gprs as ur default settings . it worked for me the same way . hope this suggestion helps
as i wrote in my comment , there are some special characters needing extra care when working at the shell prompt ( or in shell scripts ) . one of them is the $ sign , which usually indicates a variable . if that should be taken literally , you need to escape it ( or enclose the entire string by single quotes ) . similar rules for quotation marks . how your command should look like with an escaped $ , you can already find in eldarerathis ' answer : shell@android:/ # am start -n com.android.settings/.Settings\$PowerUsageSummaryActivity  note the " back-slash " in front of the $ -- that is the escape sign . use the same for quotation marks or blanks , if your command includes some to be taken literally , e.g. myscript.sh first\ parameter\! myscript.sh "first parameter!"  both would do the same : making the string a single parameter . in the example of your am start command , this is what happened on parsing : command : am parameter 1: start parameter 2: -S parameter 3: com.android.settings/.Settings$PowerUsageSummaryActivity has a $ , interpreting : variable $PowerUsageSummaryActivity is not set , so empty conclusion : parameter 3 is com.android.settings/.Settings note also that if you run this directly via adb shell , the command goes through shell parsing twice , so you need to escape or quote the command again , like this : user@desktop:~$ adb shell am start -n 'com.android.settings/.Settings\$PowerUsageSummaryActivity' 
android has a " defaults"-system for handling predefined requests such as opening a url or pressing the home button . if you go into android 's System Settings -> Apps -> Android Download Manager and scroll down to " launch by default " , you should see a button to clear the defaults . the next time you open your chrome browser and tap on a url that has the &lt;a download=""&gt; property , a screen should pop up , asking you to choose which application to use for downloading .
just long-tap that network on the list and click " forget network " . android will only autoconnect to networks it has previously connected to and still remembers .
if you root the device on the stock rom , it will still offer to do ota updates , but they will not work . ota updates only apply to a completely clean system image that has not been rooted . to apply an upgrade to your rooted device , you have to download the rom image from the official google site and follow the instructions there to flash it .
had the same problem with my kids profile . finally solved , but it required root grants ! this is what i did : close all running [ app ] instances . from command prompt start adb shell : c:> adb shell switch to root user ( your device must be rooted ) : shell> su go to in target profile directory : root> cd /data/user/ [ profile_user_id ] for example : profile_user_id==10 for first restricted profile . rename directory ( to have a back up copy ) root> mv [ app_dir ] [ app_dir ] . old copy app data from main profile ( id=0 ) to new profile : root> cp -r /data/user/0/ [ app_dir ] . change owner for files just copied : root> find [ app_dir ] | xargs chown [ app_user ] : [ app_group ] restart device ( not sure if it is really needed ) . hope this helps .
in addition to martyn 's answer on encryption . this might be a bit on the developer side , however , google offers application licensing : with google play licensing , your application can query google play at run time to obtain the licensing status for the current user , then allow or disallow further use as appropriate .
afaik the stock messages app always sends a sms unless you have added an attachment ( picture , video , audio ) , or if you are typing a very long message ( the latter depending on your settings ) . if there is an attachment the message will show the number of used kb instead of the number of remaining characters . that being said , you should check if the message centre number in your sms settings is correct . to check start the messages app , click Menu &gt; Setting , scroll down to the SMS Settings section . also on the same screen there is a setting that may convert long text messages automatically to mms , so you might want to turn that off .
based on the comments , this looks like a hardware issue , and not a software/android issue . i would suggest sending it to a service center for repair .
this is the download firmware mode . it can be used to upgrade official firmware via samsung 's own odin software ( or the 3rd party heimdall ( also here ) ) . it is also used to install a custom aftermarket firmware like cyanogenmod . actually it allows more but installing firmware is the most common use .
i could not find a way to do it or an app that would do it . there were a couple out there that claimed to have manual focus but basically just did what you described as " assisted auto focus . " i found this thread at xda where some people have been looking through the code to find a way to add the manual focus . from what they found it appears that it is possible but someone has to code it . its worth keeping an eye on it : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=630989
yes , it works on droid x on verizon ( although the app might have unrelated issues ) : http://androidforums.com/1208709-post1.html
odin mode is run in a very very early stage of phone boot - that is why you do not see the phone logo when entering odin mode . the virus ( if it really is the problem ) will not have a chance to execute its malicious code because the bootloader is not even running in odin mode . so yes , you can safely kies your way back to working condition , but sometimes you should use the specially created odin program ( google it , i can not give links right now as i am on a slow connection ) to flash the firmware by yourself if kies does not feel like working . just note that either way , you will have to download 1+ gb of firmware .
in this specific case your friend is correct , but it can probably vary somewhat . we will take the galaxy nexus as an example since it is a reasonably accurate internal representation of the other samsung devices . the ifixit teardown helpfully identifies all of the major components of the device and their function . in step 5 they remove the wrapping from the battery to expose the nfc antenna underneath . later , in step 12 , they identify the nfc controller on the main motherboard . putting the controller itself on the battery is perhaps possible , but i would imagine it is not really realistically feasible . for one , it would probably increase the fabrication costs of the batteries an unacceptable amount ( the antenna , conversely , is likely not very pricey ) . it would also require the battery to have some non-standard and comparatively complex circuitry to transmit data from the controller to the motherboard , whereas the antenna is basically served by a simple conductive contact to pass the signal along . this is mostly conjecture , though - i am not an electrical/hardware engineer ( i do not even play one on tv ) .
i used touchdown ( 30-day trial , $19.99 ) before android had built in exchange and was very happy with it . i am now using the native client without many problems ( i am not very demanding of it ) , but i have heard many people mention that it is still worth buying over the native client because of the more advanced feature set . with the 30-day trial , no reason not to give it a try .
i recommend using the android emulator if you want to experiment with android without buying a device . liveandroid is not supported by google and it has not been updated in quite a while . it could be that your video card is not supported . i would also recommend using vmware player instead of virtualbox if you really want to use liveandroid .
those battery saver apps probably work by killing tasks , lowering brightness , disabling data or internet connection , and several other things . those little things will definitely save battery one way or another . why does not android do it by default ? i do not know ; you had have to ask the android developers that . if android did what battery saver apps do , they had be limiting android . who wants their screens to always be in low brightness ? or their internet connection off when not in use ? those things are probably better off for people to decide , and battery apps ( and other relatated apps or utilities ) will help them do that . see also this post on improving battery life : what can i do to increase battery life on my android device ?
i am afraid there is not really a " one-stop solution " . as you already noticed , all the different backup types have different goals , all of them have their pros and cons ( see also our backup tag-wiki for an overview ) : while a nandroid backup covers the entire system at partition-level , it is not the easiest when you want to only restore parts . on its own , it is an all-or-nothing . luckily , there are other tools which can deal with those backup files : you can restore single apps with titanium backup , and even read single files from them ( see : how do i view/mount nandroid file on device ? ) . titanium backup covers almost everything on an app-and-settings level , and can read from nandroid backup files -- but it cannot create a full nandroid backup . also , restore between different roms can be a little tricky ( but that applies to all solutions ) , at least when it comes to system files . still , it does a good job even then when using its " migration mode " adb backup is a good thing , but only available with android 4.0 upwards and also restricted to " apps and settings " . additionally , it requires a computer to attach the device to for backup/restore . the latter can be avoided using apps like helium - app sync and backup , which run directly on the device and use adb as backend . i found the best solution on rooted devices is a combination of nandroid ( offered e.g. by clockworkmod recovery ) and titanium . for non-rooted devices , choices are rare : neither of the two are available there , which leaves the user with adb backup as the only half-way complete solution .
about your concerns : connection on air there is nothing that a log out at the end of every session would improve . if you do not use the email client , it will not transfer any data . and if you use it , it will query the server for new email etc . if the client would perform a log out at the end of every use , it just had establish a new connection again . conclusion : data related to the e-mail connection will be the same time on air if you do not use log out as when your e-mail client would log out every time . no gain here . just make sure that you have enabled a secure encryption . bandwidth you are right , that polling is the worst thing that could happen . but not from a bandwidth perspective . polling is just a quick packet asking " is there something new " and the server replying " no " or " yes and here is the data " . the data would be send later on anyways , so no big bandwidth consumption . it is more the battery life that should concern you , when you have a polling e-mail client on android . that said , trust the google engineers to build a e-mail app that tries everything to reduce battery consumption . if you use gmail you are safe , because the email app will use push notifications for new e-mails . if you use an imap account it depends on the server if it support the imap idle extension . if you use pop3 you are doomed , because it is a plain polling protocol .
touiteur has been updated today and now has filtering . please note that this feature may just be the paid version . i will update this answer with a link and qr code when i have confirmed those details . edit : it would seem that filtering is not a premium feature . the filtering can be found under the mute settings in touiteur -> more -> mute . you can choose to mute text ( inc . hashtags ) , users and apps ( sources ) . touiteur homepage
from the devices page , it does not seem like your phone is officially supported - http://www.cyanogenmod.com/devices . as an alternative , see http://www.madteam.co/forum/development/%28development%29-cyanogenmod-7-1-%27galaxy5%27-port/ if you do manage to flash a custom rom , you can change back provided you use the roms supplied by http://samfirmware.com - not official , just a repository of original factory roms .
a quick search brought up this article at http://blog.laptopmag.com/how-to-edit-video-with-movie-studio-on-your-android-tablet . while i do not have a tablet , i have played with movie studio before , and it looks like all you have to do is tap the timeline at the bottom of your clip , and drag the arrows that appear on its edges to trim it . this only trims the edges off , so if you want to take a part out of the middle , i would re-add the clip ( so you have two copies of it in your timeline ) , and then drag the arrows on the ends of the copy so you only have the part you want , without getting rid of the beginning of the clip from the original .
from what i have seen , iris is not supposed to be a competitor for siri , but rather just a ( mostly ) joke app that just tries to replicate some of siri 's snarkiness . it is for laughs , not productivity . if you do want to be productive with voice commands , there are some options . vlingo and speaktoit assistant spring immediately to mind . there are others . this might be helpful : lifehacker : how to get a personal assistant like siri on your android phone for free
unfortunately for us ( not so much for manufacturers and carriers , ) gingerbread closed the exploits that were previously being used to gain root privileges on older android os versions . this means that tools like superoneclick and similar will no longer work . the only way to get root on samsung devices with gingerbread is to flash a pre-rooted image onto the phone with a tool like odin or heimdal . forums like xda-developers and rootzwiki contain detailed instructions for flashing such an image ( kernel only , full stock system , or a completely custom rom . )
install go sms pro and use its Mark all read option ( its in More tab of options menu ) . as data container of text messages are shared between apps , changes will be reflected in stock messaging app too .
to remove any system default applications your phone must be rooted . and using this system app remover you can remove the system added applications . but you have to do this on your own risk . i have been doing a lot of research on android mobiles , i can tell that your system might not work properly if you remove any system added applications . but most of the applications work fine without any issue . updated system app remover is a paid application . there is one free application called root app delete . have a look at this . .
first off you will need to root your tablet . this is relatively easy , especially with the galaxy because it is so popular . head on over to the xda forums (www.xda-developers.com) and navigate to the galaxy 10.1 section . this youtube video also will do it for you : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=krqdp7xylwg be careful . follow the steps exactly . you do not want to brick your device . after that , you will have clockworkmod . so first things first : zip up your kernel , then copy it to your device . most of the time , tablets require sd-cards in order to install things from recovery , so pop in an sd-card and copy the zipped folder here . then , reboot into recovery ( turn device off , then hold up volume button and power at the same time ) . you will want to wipe your cache partition and davlik cache first . once this is done , go to install zip from sd-card , find your folder with the kernel , and that is it ! before you do this , do a backup of your current system , just in case your kernel really messes up your device . hope this helps !
if you want to have any cellular functions apart from placing emergency calls , you have to have an actual cellular plan through a carrier . picture it this way : if you buy a land line phone for your house , take it out of the box , program speed dials , and set it on your table without plugging it into a phone line , you will not be able to receive any phone calls . your cell phone is simply a tablet until you activate a cellular plan through your carrier for it . also , the ability to place emergency calls is a feature on all cell phones that is not dependent on carriers . here is a list of uk carriers .
the latest youtube update has enabled it :-d
well , i could not resolve my problem but after contacting google 's support here some potencial answers for some users . clean google play and download manager cache for google play : visit Menu &gt; Settings &gt; Applications &gt; Manage applications tab over to " all " select the play store app , and then tap " clear cache " and " clear data " for the download manager : visit Menu &gt; Settings &gt; Applications &gt; Manage applications tab over to " all " select " download manager , " and then tap " clear data " and " clear cache " uninstall updates from google play go to " home " > " menu " > " settings " > " applications " > " manage applications " touch the " all " tab scroll down and select the play store app touch " uninstall updates " this will revert google play to the original version that came with your device . google play should automatically self-update to the current version within a few days - there is no way to permanently uninstall updates . however , you can perform the following steps to ensure the latest version of google play is updated properly : launch google play switch to the home screen wait 5-10 minutes for the app to self-update re-launch the google play store app after that the support could not help me anymore . . i believe my problem is a bug , so maybe in future versions it'll be fixed , anyway when i accomplish this , i will post here . edit : google play store updated to 3.10.9 and now each wishlist item has like a remove icon besides it , so you click there and it is removed ! nice and easy .
there are some available from google play store . excluding the ones you have mentioned , this two i have used , and they worked very well : music pump daap player by android music pump : music pump is a feature rich android daap client that lets you to stream and sync music from your pc or nas to your android device . all you need is a daap server . remote for soundbridge by martin kompf : connect to different music servers including upnp , daap , and internet radio . browse playlists , artists , composers , albums , songs , genres , and folders at music server .
i have the same model and the digitizer is also 2/3 dead . if hold vertically , the left third from top to bottom works plus the rightmost vertical pixel line . i was able to unlock it using a two finger gesture : swipe the slider as far as possible to the right and hold it , then touch the right edge of the screen with a 2nd finger , then release the 1st finger . my permanent solution : installed cyanogenmod and enabled physical keyboard unlock . note that you can buy a replacement digitizer on ebay for around 20$ or so if you do not mind doing it yourself .
this is a general problem with all android phones . best way to solve this problem is On Call End program . it provides user to select following actions to take after a call : do nothing go to phone home screen go to phone dialer vibrate show a toast message with the call duration . outgoing call duration includes the ringing time . you can install On Call End from here : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.brosix.callendhl=tr
in the Settings -> Accounts &amp; Sync , select your gmail account , in there you will see " sync contacts " . you can uncheck that and the device will not sync your contacts to gmail , nor will your gmail contacts sync to your device . as onik said too , you can have it show only people with phone numbers too .
camera ptp mode means picture transfer protocol . this is probably why you can not see any videos . select usb mode and navigate to the same folder . make sure you are checking the right " camera " folder as you may have 2 , one on your sd card and one in the internal phone memory .
app data usually go below /data/data/&lt;package_name&gt; ( in case of chrome : /data/data/com.android.chrome ) . but those directories are only accessible by the app itself , and by the system/root – so unless your device is rooted , you will not have much luck checking there . concerning the file-system hierarchy , you might wish to first consult the file-system tag-wiki , and then follow up to android folder hiearchy .
how about if you do a dump of the filesystem before and after clearing the cache and compare what has changed ? for example , browse something to generate some cache , copy the filesystem to directory before-clear , clear the cache and copy again to directory after-clear . after this run a diff on the directories , eg . diff -q before-clear after-clear &gt; differing_files.txt . after this you can check relevant files for changes and see if you can clear the cache just by removing/editing these files . although , this only works if the cache is file-based , not in a db . note : this is just an idea , do not have a rooted phone to test it .
task killing is never a solution when it comes to " preserving battery " . as you discovered , most things restart themselves automatically . what could help , however , is ( temporarily ) turn off all services you do not need -- after all , it is just for that one run , and ( as you already pointed out ) you can resign from some of them : do you need a data connection for runkeeper ? if not : switch it off , that would save the most . if it is really needed : disable account synchronization , and do the same for all apps which are periodically syncing ( e . g . rss reader and the like ) . while running , you will not pickup phone calls anyway -- switch off the radio ( if no data are needed : just switch to airplane mode . while in airplane mode , you still can enable some services separately , such as e.g. bluetooth and gps ) . big savings again minor things include bluetooth . i do not think you want to listen to music via a bt headset while running -- so switch it off . if you really need audio , use a wired headset . display : turn brightness down as much as possible . if it is rarely turned on , this might not have much effect -- but it contributes . some apps which you will not need " on the run " might offer to exit them completely . do so . this altogether should save a lot of juice -- and should preserve enough power for 5h runkeeper with gps , i would say . good luck , and have a successful double-marathon ( one for you running , and one for power-saving ; ) !
i have solved this problem . it was because of huge network traffic on the dhcp server , due to which the ack was not able to reach through wi-fi to the samsung galaxy android .
it is required for phones ( at least in europe and us ) to allow emergency calls without requiring the user to unlock the phone or the sim card . you can always make an emergency call when you are in a cell coverage area and the phone has power . it is a safety feature , which guarantees you can use any phone in an emergency to get assistance , regardless of the state the phone is in . take this scenario : you are in a car crash and your own phone breaks . an unconscious friend 's cell phone is working , but it has a pattern/pin/password lock on it , or it lost power but boots to the sim pin screen . the feature guarantees that you can make the call without knowledge of the correct pattern/pin/password . the numbers you can call with this feature are restricted to the most common or regional emergency numbers , and are translated by the carrier to the local emergency numbers if you are roaming . the exception to this are wifi-only tablets , which can not make calls at all . edit : if the device 's sim is locked , it detects the networks available and identifies it is own network , but does not register the device to the network . in the case of emergency calls , the phone does not need to be registered to the network , all calls to emergency numbers are allowed , regardless of the state of the sim or carrier subscription . even with no sim at all , the networks are detected and the carrier with the strongest signal is used .
yes , most devices support up to 7 devices connected at once . i do not have a galaxy s4 to test on , but it seems unlikely it would only support one . more likely , there is a particular problem with one of the devices involved . you should post a new question about why bluetooth is not working properly for you , giving full details of the devices you are using , what steps you take , and what happens .
the xperia z supports usb-on-the-go , so with a usb-otg adaptor and a usb keyboard you should be able to enter the encryption passphrase to boot the device .
i doubt that something like an sms/mms virus exists or is " in the wild " . if this mms was really originating from your phone , than this could only be caused by an malicious app . now , there are two ways how any app can send/receive sms/mms : by having the appropriate permissions you can easily find out which app has requested , and since you installed it , granted , which permissions that app got granted . see this question for tools . by exploiting the android system if there is an root exploit within the android system and within the dalvik vm , any app could use it to do anything . afaik as of android 2.3.5 there are no public known exploits . not sure what is the state in case of android 2.1 sms history editing the sms history is not necessary . the history is part of the ( stock ) sms client . if an android app uses to api to send an sms/mms the history is not involved .
there is an app called remote web desktop by smartdog studio . it enables access to your phone through your desktop 's browser , over the local network ( i.e. . no connection to the internet is necessary ( i use it with both phone and desktop on the same wifi ap ) ; phone acts as http ( s ) server on non-standard port ( configurable ) ) . the simplest method is " shared clipboard": select the text on your phone , copy to clipboard , and it is immediately accessible from the desktop computer . the app has a free ( ad-supported ) and paid ( ~$4 usd ) version ; the free version allows connection over http , paid also offers https . full disclosure : i am a ( happy ) user of this app , no other connection .
i ended up disabling the linked calendar , and adding it manually using the icalsync app in the market .
the xoom dock has a connector to the usb port for audio and stability . the back of the dock has a stereo out port . here is a link detailing the innards and how to convert to a plain usb . http://wordpress.greghausman.com/2011/05/08/motorola-xoom-usb-dock/
tf201 is not supported on cm11 , so your choices are to go with official nightlies ( which are not stable ) of cm10.1 from here or unofficial cm11 from here . neither of these are stable or officially supported releases . the google apps version you should use depends on the cm version you choose to flash . if you are using cm11 , use the 20140105 gapps . if you are using cm10.1 , use the 20130812 gapps .
unbind the gmail account . clear google play data . bind the gmail account .
that usb input in the honda pilot only supports certain drivers . it looks like it has support for standard flash thumb drives and ipod products . android comes preloaded with the drivers necessary to communicate with windows so until honda updates the stereos driver support or someone puts the necessary drivers to interface with the pilot on your device i believe you will be out of luck .
the access point supports wi-fi protected setup ( wps ) , which allows easier connections to the ap . you can long press the ap to use this feature . see wikipedia for more info .
technically , one can override the version requirement by cracking open the . apk file and editing the manifest . xml file and setting the android:minSdkVersion attribute in the &lt;uses-sdk&gt; element to your sdk version ( or simply remove that attribute altogether , in which case it will default to "1" and assume it will work on any android version ) , then using your modified . apk file to install it . however , this is almost always a bad idea . the developer of the application presumably set that requirement to the value it is because they actually do need something introduced in that sdk version . if they did not , they had set it to something else or omit it . trying to make the app run on an android version missing those features it needs is likely to cause havoc , crashes , force-closes , and other unhappiness . in the case of google-made apps , i would assume they knew exactly what functionality their app uses and when it was introduced and that it would definitely break in some manner without that functionality when they set the minsdkversion for their app , and thus trying this trick will almost certainly fail . but if the developer is just a lazyish type who insisted upon setting the attribute ( probably to the current version ) without much thought about whether it is really needed ( i.e. . " i do not feel like going through my code and checking what functionality i actually use and when google added it to android , so i will just set the minsdkversion to the current version of android" ) , it might just work . or the missing functionality might only be used in some part of the app you never use , and thus the brokenness is irrelevant to you .
after failing to avoid freezing by sw settings , i resorted to last resort : baking motherboard . : ) result : device is bricked . it wont even start . i will buy a new motherboard .
when in your wifi settings , could you try pressing menu ( or clicking the overflow dots ) , and selecting Settings . once done , untick the Avoid poor WiFi networks option , and see if it will now connect . also , restart the router .
if it is the official roms , then it is very easy and chances of anything going wrong are slim-to-none . you should just do it . downgrading should also be pretty straightforward if you want to stick with official firmwares - it would be a case of downloading pc odin and the firmware you want from a site like sammobile . i have done this with a galaxy note which is from the same family of handsets . many people who have problems find that they can solve them with a wipe and just re-installing what they want . this has resolved battery issues for some . ics is worth the risk . yes , there are ui changes and you will probably notice the phone being a bit faster to respond , but there are many other changes as well . for instance , some real-world useful features include wi-fi direct , improved web browsing and proxy support . if you plan on keeping the handset long enough you may see some applications will require ics as a minimum version as this is the first unified phone + tablet version of android .
no : your whatsapp contact list will display the names you chose for the numbers in your phonebook . the nickname an user has is only displayed if he/she is not in your phonebook and he/she is posting in a group you are in .
ok . i found the correct combination . it seems that the recovery distributed with cyanogenmod 10 m2 for galaxysmtd is really picky about the hardware buttons . here 's how you can boot to recovery : start with galaxy s powered off press and hold volume up + home press and hold power button wait for ( factory default ) galaxy s gt-i9000 boot display to show up release the power button before the second boot display with text " cyanogen ( mod ) " shows up . keep holding the volume up + home buttons . wait for recovery to start . after you see the recovery menu , you can release the volume up and home buttons . if you fail to release the power button before the second boot display , you cannot get it to go into the recovery mode . instead it will enter the normal boot sequence which seems to fail if you keep holding the power button . on the other hand , if you do not keep buttons pressed long enough , it will enter the normal boot sequence , again . i have not figured out if holding the home button is really required but at least it does not prevent entering the recovery mode .
i found a reason of my problem . before installing android file transfer i installed kies . after installing aft i uninstall the kies . i understand that when i uninstall the kies uninstall usb driver too . so installed kies again and aft is working ! ! ! its really cool application !
you can install cyanogen now , and in the event of an official update , go back to the stock rom . steps to install cyanogenmod in asus tf300t : http://wiki.cyanogenmod.org/w/install_cm_for_tf300t
broadly speaking , if you have a " usb " cable that only connects pins 1 and 4 then you will get power and no data ( best buy was selling cables like that as universal usb charging cables a while back , not sure if they still do ) . likewise , if you have a cable with only 2 and 3 , you will get data but no power . if you are curious , here 's a wikipedia page with the standard usb pinout . note : micro uses the same pinout as usb a .
you could simply use a bluetooth/wifi mouse app like premotedroid . there are a bunch of others , and generally speaking they just allow your device to be used as a mouse/keyboard input . if you can pair with your pc it should work , although i have never tried it myself ( i do use premotedroid to pair with and remotely control my xoom , though ; works great ) . another option would be some kind of vnc or remote desktop client , but that is not as lightweight and some of them do not support linux ( splashtop , for example , does not have a linux server , iirc ) .
it might be possible with an app , but it is not built in . can not you create an ad-hoc network on a computer , then connect the phones ?
i have found that if i search for an address ( or other location ) , not too long after that i get a card with driving directions to that location . if i tap the card , i am asked if i " care about travel time to this location " . usually i say no , but if i say yes i will have a new card that gives me the travel time to that location , just like for work or home . in case you are wondering , the place to edit your work or home is Settings | My stuff | Places... . only home and work are available for me , but maybe they will add some more custom locations in the future .
use z-device test app . check the gps signal , camera , compass , accelerometer , microphone , speakers , wifi signals , bluetooth , gsm / umts , fm radio , display , battery , cpu , memory , vibration , usb , audio / video , operating system , light sensor , proximity sensor , temperature sensor , flash sensor , nfc near field comunication , barometer , the detection of navstar satellites in the constellation jointly and individually , . . etc . .
try the smart swf player app .
my opinion is the screen might be grounded with some metallic or conductive object inside the phone . probably a loosened part due to use . you can try to wave a strong magnet ( like neodymium ) at the back of the phone . data should not be affected anyway because flash chips are resistant to magnetism . but its still much better if you can get it repaired thru warranty .
android is not designed to let you control what is running and what not . a badly developed app can drain your power overnight . in such a case a reboot can improve the situation for a while . however if you encounter pre-installed apps running you never want to use you can disable them under settings -> apps . afterwards they can not be started anymore , neither manually by the user nor automatically .
in system -> sound and display -> system volume you can set it , unfortunately the power on/off sound is also tied to the touch feedback sound ( ie you press a button , hear a sound ) . if that is not a problem , turn it all the way down and problem solved . .
it should be visible within " disk management " ( diskmgmt.msc ) in windows . from there you can create , delete , modify and format partitions .
most probably the test is inconsistent . have you tried repeating the test at least 100 times to have pseudo-valid statistic results ? and are you sure the emulator is a valid platform on where to test such low-level things ? it may be optimised for the dalvik vm . best guess is to try it on a real device , like the new nexus 5 or waiting for the nexus 4 and nexus 7 updates .
the problem lies in the number of rows on the screen . on the screenshot in the question , there are six rows designated for shortcuts and widgets . if the number of rows is reduced to five the music widget comes out as it should : screenshot ( click for larger variant )
it is not an absolute answer , but if you go into settings , applications , manage applications . then press menu , select filter , and make sure that third-party is selected . anything in that list did not get onto your phone as part of the standard android install . they have either been added by your phone manufacturer , your phone network , or yourself . unfortunately some standard android apps show up in that list , if you have updated them from the market ( like google maps ) and a lot of manufacturer added apps do not show up . i have got a galaxy s too , but had a htc magic running stock android before . apps that i have spotted as obviously being modified/added by samsung are the music player app , camera app , contacts app , clock app , daily briefing , fm radio , video playermemo , mini diary , my files , samsung apps ( and everything listed in there ) , social hub , voice recorder , task manager . also a lot of the " look and feel " of the phone , including the way the 7 home screens , and the applications screens work has been added as part of samsung 's touch wiz interface . tl ; dr galaxy s has a lot of custom apps , easiest way to compare is probably actually to find someone with a stock phone ( like a nexus one ) and directly compare .
i cannot find any official documentation on this icon , but various sources across the internet suggest that it means you have " power saving " mode enabled on your device . it looks like this is specific to huawei 's devices , and can be disabled in your settings .
i believe this is impossible . the headset requires power from the device . android versions before 3.1 state that they can not support powering the usb bus . from the developer guide : when the android-powered device is in host mode , it acts as the usb host and powers the bus . when the android-powered device is in usb accessory mode , the connected usb hardware ( an android usb accessory in this case ) acts as the host and powers the bus . usb accessory and host modes are directly supported in android 3.1 ( api level 12 ) or newer platforms . usb accessory mode is also backported to android 2.3.4 ( api level 10 ) as an add-on library to support a broader range of devices . device manufacturers can choose whether or not to include the add-on library on the device 's system image . unless there is a custom android os that supports usb host mode , i believe what i am trying to achieve is impossible
hmm , difficult problem your only bet is rooting ; and app like droidwall which is front end for iptables . and then you would have to add rule that states block any app that is running in background . that i am not sure how to achieve .
turning off your screen via widget is possible ( and several widgets are available for that ) . but turning on the screen cannot work that way , as to access the widget , it must already be turned on . of course you could use a lockscreen permitting widgets ( like c locker pro ) . an alternative is using tasker , and defining a corresponding profile : condition : headphone plugged task : disable keyguard this is the most convenient way , as you only had to turn on/off the screen via the power button . and apart from that , you get yourself a powerful companion for your device – just check the tasker tag-wiki and other questions using the tasker tag : )
ok , i finally found it . i need to click on " edit/modify " close to the e-mail addresses in the google account setting https://www.google.com/settings/ then the hidden nickname option appears . thank you for your suggestions .
you can find your cached videos here : /data/data/com . facebook . katana/files/video-cache nb : to open that path , you will need your phone to be rooted and a root explorer
could it have created the shortcut on a different page of the home screen ? be sure to scroll left and right to check every page . if you still can not get that working , there is another method that should still work . go into the app drawer ( the list of apps from the home screen ) , then go to the widgets tab . there should be a widget there called bookmark . hold it to pick it up , and then drag it to where you like on your home screen . if you need more flexibility than that , my app showr lets you create a resizable home screen shortcut with a custom icon or image . you can use any picture you like for the shortcut , and have it open the web page you set or launch an app of your choice . it can even update the picture from the web automatically : for example , if the web app is a bug tracker , and it offers an image showing how many bugs are open , you might want to use something like that as the shortcut . download showr for free from google play
power saving mode ( by default ) turns off some vibration , but it should only turn off the " haptic feedback " vibration ( vibration when you touch certain ui controls ) . you can change that by going to settings , power saving mode , and unchecking " turn off haptic feedback " . that is the mode i run my sgs3 in all the time . to get vibration working for text messages , you also need to enable vibration in the settings of the Messaging app itself ( i am not sure which settings you were referring to when you said that you " went into settings and enabled everything that has the word " vibrate " in it" ) . to do that , go to the conversation list in the messaging app ( not an individual conversation ) , hit the menu button , then select settings . look for the " notification settings " section and check " vibrate " . to get vibration working for incoming calls , there is a similar setting in the Phone app . launch the Phone app , make sure you are on the Keypad , Logs , or Favorites tab , tap the menu button , select Call settings . then select Ringtones and keypad tones and select Incoming call vibration . the Device vibration will let you modify the vibration pattern used ( so you can tell an incoming call from a text message / email ) . to get to the Phone and Messaging apps : press the " home " button at the bottom of the phone ( the physical button in the middle ) . that brings you to your home screen . the touch the " apps " button ( it looks like 9 square white dots , and is usually on the lower right of the home screen ) . that will bring up a list of all applications installed on the phone . scroll through looking for an app named Messaging ( or Phone ) . the icon for the Messaging app looks like a white envelope with a yellow piece of paper coming out of it . the icon for the Phone app looks like a green square with a white phone receiver on it . tap the app icon , then follow the instructions for each app above to activate vibration for text messaging and incoming calls .
google maps 5.0 has an offline mode that will allow you to view maps without an internet connection . google is now caching large areas on android devices based on what areas they frequently search in google maps from their android phone or tablet . this means people living in new york city , for example , will always have local street and area maps content . but if that is not satisfactory , there is always mapdroyd : mapdroyd stores map files locally on your device using our highly compressed and efficient micromap format which is designed and optimized for embedded devices .
dropbox is making it seem more complicated than it really is . unlike on the pc version of dropbox , the files you see in the dropbox app are not actually stored on your tablet . it is just a list of files you could download . when you view the file from dropbox , it downloads it temporarily into dropbox 's private storage area , and then temporarily gives the app you choose access to the file . just click " save to sd card " . that actually downloads the file to your tablet , and saves it permanently in a storage area that other apps have access to . after that , the image will show up in gallery , probably in its own " dropbox " album .
you can use either the way geff_chang suggested or use android service menus in the service menu , it is located at Software info -&gt; Phone info you can always use third party apps as well .
sshdroid does not need root , it is optional . every app can bind a socket on an not privileged port ( > 1024 ) . i am pretty sure that your ssh client parameters are wrong , the port especially . afaik you can not add the port via : to the hostname . try ssh root@ipofandroid -p 2222 instead . if you need more verbose output of the ssh binary , start it with -v , -vv or -vvv . this helps to figure out problems .
oh , i forgot about this . my brother came to me and jammed the jack in as far as it could physically go . the problem was fixed . . .
yes . file short cut app will help you to create short cut for files . it is an app to create a shortcut to open the file . you can choose any files such as images , videos , or pdf . note - you need a separate application that corresponds to the format so you can open the file . for example , pdf files can not be opened without pdf readers such as adobe reader . supports mp3 , mp4 , jpg , png , gif , html , pdf , txt , doc , xls , ppt
that strongly depends on the app used . unfortunately , since froyo ( android 2.2 ) the options " use location service " and " permit google to collect " are connected and undividable ( before you could chose them separately ) . so if an app uses the google framework 's location service to obtain position data , it will not work without that service enabled . if it accesses gps itself , it would work with or without . only way out of this trouble would be to root the device , and then use a permission protector like e.g. lbe privacy guard or pdroid privacy protection / pdroid manager , which let you decide on a per-app basis which app is permitted to access a service/certain data ( many possibilities here , not only location ) .
you did not explicitely mention it , but from the context i assume you are using a device with android 4.4 ( kitkat ) . with that , google " pimped " the dialer . phonearena writes on this in an article called google makes the dialer awesome again : this is why you want android 4.4 kitkat : i think the best new addition though comes in the changes to caller id , because that has been supercharged with google as well . now , any time you call a number , or receive a call from a number that can be matched to a google maps business record , google will show you that business name , and possibly a picture ( though that part of the feature has been a bit dodgy so far ) , instead of just the phone number . this means far fewer mystery phone numbers in your call history , and if you are like me , it means even more than that . ( emphasis mine ) also see android 4.4 kitkat dialer will add google+ caller id and enhanced search options for a second source , and androidpolice 's google does caller id : kitkat 4.4 matches numbers against google places , and starting in 2014 , google personal accounts for a third . if it is not that , you most likely have a callerid app ( pre- ) installed which does the same : matching numbers of incoming calls against some online database .
no . roms are always device specific . reasons are proprietary drivers for specific hardware components . for more details , you might wish to follow up to the rom tag-wiki , rom-flashing tag-wiki , and the sites/pages linked from there , e.g. is there an official android “google” rom ?
just type it in once , click it , and save it . done . you can also go to settings > language and input > personal dictionary and add your words from there .
no , there is no way to rerender a photosphere . it loses the original data after rendering . even after crashes .
i followed this guide rooting mine : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1773659 i started at step 1 . how to install twrp or cwm : on stock firmware or custom roms - gb , ics and jb the guide even has a section for troubleshooting odin errors . be careful with odin . when you are editing your bootloader . you can brick your device if you do it wrong , and then your only option is jtag repair , which will cost you ~$50
from what i can find , there is no way to turn it off : no solution in the samsung galaxy s forum no solution in the vodafone forum tasker can not suppress it however , one commenter notes
is your nexus 4 100% stock ? ( i.e. . no xposed module changes , or low-level tweaks like status bar mods and dpi changes ) . verification will fail if the system files on your device do not match factory/the expected ones . i had this happen to me several times with both my n4 and n5 . reverting the changes i made ( thankfully , they were not too many ) fixed it .
usually this space is taken up by various things that come with the device , like resources for the os , built-in apps , and just disk information . even formatting an 8 gb sd card will only get you 7.49 gb . that same logic would leave you with 30 gb , the rest is most likely the os , and various system resources .
it looks like a whatsapp problem . your best bet would be to raise this concern with whatsapp themselves . there is no guarantee that they had fix it , but this is not google / android issue either ( from a general perspective ) . developers should follow " best practices " when developing android apps . update 2013-10-07: this issue has been discussed in xda , and it is because of how whatsapp handles notifications ( no specific details given ) . in that thread , there is a possible solution using the light flow app .
the short answer is that the nexus phones are the most updateable - not only do they get more updates then the other phones , but they also get more support from the community in general . case in point , though google has announced that the nexus one will not get ics , cyanogenmod will be providing it . other then the nexus phones , i think it is best to stick to the high volume devices , particularly the flagship devices that are sold in many countries . these are much more likely to get the attention necessary to push the manufacturer to release updates and to release the drivers . and finally , you can look at the cyanogenmod list of supported devices . i tend to check this list before buying or recommending a new device .
the htc one 's camera has bigger pixels than the regular phone cameras ( "ultrapixels" ) . when you use your camera in low light , it tries to draw more light from the sensor , so the image looks brighter . the " purple " issue is caused by bad heat insulation of the camera sensor from the rest of the phone , so when you try to take a photo the heat can cause distortion of the data the image processor chip collects from the sensor and converts to digital image ( when you open the camera app it puts the screen brightness to max , so even this can cause the phone to heat up ) . when you use the camera in low light the image chip relies more on the sensor to collect more light , so this might cause only low light pictures to be affected ( especially the color black , where the sensor tries to deliver as much light possible and there just is not one , as it is dark ) . when you take a photo in normal light ( or with flash ) there is enough light and the sensor does not try to replace the color black with purple . the damage to the camera sensor caused by heat seems to be permanent and if it is in an early stage it can be fixed by a software update which just calibrates the image chip to ignore the " purple " image data . but , as you stated , this is a hardware issue and if the software update does not fix it , the phone should be sent to a repair center for the sensor and the insulator around it to be replaced . as of november - december 2013 the new sensors are made by a different manufacturer and lack the issue . source : the forum thread at xda : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2317507 and personal experience with my htc one m7 .
connect your phone open the windows device manager open each relevant device ( if more than one is shown ) , choose " update driver " , and select android_winusb.inf
in short , you are correct . disabling in-app purchasing completely via In App Purchasing option makes password-protecting under the Parental Controls settings redundant . it is definitely confusing , and could have been better accomplished by having just one setting with 3 options : disable , allow , allow with a password . it is possible that these two settings used to work differently on older versions of this app , and developers decided that keeping the settings separate would be less confusing to existing users than combining them .
how do i password protect uninstalling apps from the play store ? this is not possible as of today . i have seen a few apps to help me along , but they do not protect from the play store being launched from inside a game through a commercial for example . such behavior is not made explicitly available to third-party apps , the ones that do exist today can only go so far in providing an " app-locker " . how do i password protect either the entire play store , or the removal of apps ? you can not , at least not in a way that accounts for all scenarios . you may keep searching for " app-locker " apps that attempt to do this and hope you find one that fits your needs . have you tried paranoid android 's lockit instead of going down this route , i would recommend you setup multiple user profiles on the tablet ( the assumption here being your tablet is running android 4.2 or greater ) . in a multi-user scenario , if one user uninstalls an app , it is only uninstalled within their profile . you may read more about it here
you can identify the app responsible by long-tapping the notification and clicking " app info " on the pop-up menu .
you can use an alternative launcher like launcher pro / adw / go launcher etc . all of these have options for hiding apps from the app drawer . unfortunately , the gallery app will still appear in share and send to menus in various apps . no way around that . if you would rather certain folders remain invisible to the gallery app , place a blank file named .nomedia in the folder to keep it from being displayed in the gallery . unsure if quickpic will also have same functionality .
although the number that is making the call ( initiated ) is a random number , be assured the number that shows on their caller id is your google voice number , unless you have a different setting in your voice . google . com set up or on your phone . i noticed mine did this too when i called out from my phone the other day , but my client saw my gv number chad
assuming this is google books , this behavior should not carry on past these few books . alice 's adventures in wonderland , great expectations , and pride and prejudice are downloaded by default , to give a feel for the program and some reading examples . no additional books will be downloaded without your telling the application to do so .
a is for ' americas ' i is ' international ' e.g. the rest of the world . you get slightly different network support . st17i umts hspa 900 ( band viii ) , 2100 ( band i ) gsm gprs/edge 850 , 900 , 1800 , 1900 st17a umts hspa 800 ( band v ) , 1900 ( band ii ) , 2100 ( band i ) gsm gprs/edge 850 , 900 , 1800 , 1900 this is from the whitepaper . i belive everything else about the phone is the same . bkw and bko i think will be the colour scheme of an orange or white hilight .
have you tried moving your apps to the sd card ? go to Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications -&gt; Downloaded tab then tap on any 3rd-party app and then tap on the Move to SD card button ( if available . ) this should move most of the app to the card , thus freeing up space on the /data/ partition . not all apps support this method , but do try it on the largest space hogs like flash player and adobe air , for example . unfortunately moving apps to sd card this way does not touch the apps ' cache or dalvik cache . to move those you had need the old-school " apps2sd " hack . the basic idea is to re-partition your sd card and create a 2nd partition with ext2/3/4 format . the contents of /data/ folders are moved to the sd card 's ext partition and the phone 's internal memory is therefore freed up . then a script is added to android which mounts this partition at boot time and links /data/app , /data/app-private , /data/data , and /data/dalvik-cache folders to their corresponding locations on the sd card 's ext partition . there are some apps on the market that automate this ( except re-partitioning the card , which you will need to do manually . ) try link2sd or simple2ext for example . of course make sure you have a nandroid backup of your phone before trying anything . there are obvious pros and cons to this method . the pros are the ability to greatly extend the phone 's storage for apps , while keeping the internal memory relatively free . the cons are inability to cleanly un-mount and remove the sd card ( since the apps are mounted on the 2nd partition that the os is not aware of , ) and possible slow-downs in launching apps depending on the speed of the card . there sd card will also be subjected to more wear and tear , since it will be used by the system for reading/writing more than usual .
the answers to how do i copy pictures onto a folder on the home screen ? provide a couple methods of creating shortcuts ( it requires another file manager ) . as well , the root explorer file manager allows you to set the default path when it opens ; you could set it to the path of this folder , so you would not need to browse to it .
native google apps do not use password ( which you entered before activating 2-step authentication ) everytime to log in . they only need it for the first time . after the first authentication , an Auth. Token is downloaded which is used for subsequent logins . as this auth . token is not your main password , verification code is not required at all . so , your apps continue to work without asking anything . to invalidate this auth . token , you will have to change your main password . do it and you will be asked to enter password in android device . and , this time , your main password would not work . you will have to generate and use application-specific password . native google apps do not prompt for verification code . they only seek passwords which would let them authenticate .
the likeliest culprit for your high latency is first and foremost the fact that you are using a wireless carrier 's network , which are notorious for their high ping times . switching from one carrier to another probably would not solve your problem , and even if you went from a 3g contract to 4g you probably would not see that much of an improvement , especially as more and more people start buying 4g capable devices . additionally trying to do something as data-intensive as play world of warcraft over your cell carrier 's network is never going to feel right . games like that rely heavily on low response times and are best left for wired broadband connections .
annotations are unfortunately not supported on android at this time : notes annotations appear on standard youtube players and embedded players . annotations do not appear on custom youtube chromeless players . annotations do not appear in video playbacks taking place on mobile , tablet and tv devices . someone from google has evidently acknowledged this feature request , but i do not believe there is any kind of timeline for its implementation ( or official word that it , in fact , will be implemented ) .
i got the same problem . received two messages with " request failed " and am curious where they are from . i noticed that they always seem to arrive shortly after google calendar sms . so maybe that is somehow connected . as you might be able to see - the sms is sent to you and not from you . in previous days i got the google sms sometimes twice . so maybe google tried to fix the problem - what is left is a false request from google using your number with their calender application , instead of replying to google that the request is from it gets send to the alias number - being your number . i guess there is nothing to worry about . but anyway i will try to remove my number from google - i saw that somewhere you can just remove all sms notifications - that might help .
the app 's homepage at http://digitalsquid.co.uk/netspoof/ lists the requirements needed for the app to work : requirements network spoofer runs on android devices with the following requirements : which are rooted ( ‘su’ ) . have an sd card ( or internal storage ) with > 450mb spare space . which has wifi so i would start by double-checking how much free space you have on your device . then it lists the currently supported ( and unsupported ) models : supported devices currently network spoofer has been thoroughly tested on these devices : samsung galaxy nexus htc nexus one t-mobile g1 it is reported working on these devices , as well as working on most other devices : lg optimus 2x huawei u8150d htc hero droid bionic samsung galaxy s / s ii samsung infuse 4g however , network spoofer doesn’t currently work with : droid / droid 2 / droid x motorola atrix many other devices should and probably will work , but please report any odd behaviour or crashes , so i can get this working with more devices . your device unfortunately is not on the list of currently supported devices , which means that the app 's author does not guarantee that it will work for you . if you follow the bug reporting link there are ways there for you to provide the dev with more information , so that they can try to get things working on your device . but before you go there , have a look at network spoofer 's faq page which does list some common problems , and some ways to get round them , or what additional information you can provide to help get the problem fixed . finally there is currently an open bug report about network spoofer not working on an s4 , with the same error message that you are getting , that does list how the reporter of the bug got it to work : i had the same problem when trying to run bt5 on my phone using the complete linux installer app , but solved the problem by changing the script from the file bootscript . sh ( attached ) to the combination of the 4 other files ( installbt first , then startbt , and bt , then stopbt to unmount everything ) . the chroot command is located in the bt script . that could be worth trying ( you will need to visit the bug report to see the attached files ) .
the easiest solution is to not have a credit card linked to their account . even if you did still have a pin for protection , they could still use the card online with any place that takes google wallet . the pin ( and now password ) really only protects purchases from the device itself . there are a few options that come to mind for them to have paid apps : second google account one option is to add your google account to their phone , and use it for all the purchased apps . when they want to buy an app , they switch over to your account , and then you put in your password to buy it . the downside of this method is that they could easily change the sync settings so they get your contacts , email , etc . temporary second google account alternatively , you could temporarily add your google account , make the purchase , then remove the account . the purchased app will remain on the device and should work , and they will not have access to sync data . but the app will not get any updates , and you will have to do the same process any time they want another app . third google account or you could create a third google account that only is used for purchased apps , and not for emails or contacts . they would still need your password to buy the app , and you would not have to worry about them activating sync for your information . and since the account would remain on their phone , their paid apps could be updated as well . prepaid/gift card another option is to put a prepaid card , or a google play gift card ( min $10 ) , on their account . they can purchase up to the limit of the card , either for paid apps or in-app purchases . alternative app stores you could also try using a different app store , such as amazon 's app store . it has most of the apps that google play store has . it does not have pin/password protection for paid apps ( but it does have that option for in-app purchases ) , but amazon gift cards can be bought in denominations as low as 15 cents . you could just buy the specific amount to cover the app they want , then gift it to them so they can buy the app .
the android debug bridge ( adb ) can do pretty much everything you want . it is part of the android sdk , just download the sdk and enable usb debugging on your phone . you can get a shell with the command adb shell  and you can get files from the phone with adb pull  all the commands are documented in the first link i gave . another way to get any file from the phone would be to use any of the backup utilities available and back up your whole phone to your computer where you can examine it . as you already rooted your phone you might already have a backup utility installed , or you can easily install one , e.g. titanium backup root or nandroid . i have no experience with those two though , i can not tell you anything more about them . the kernel i used to root my phone included clockworkmod recovery with a backup program already integrated , so you might already have that available too .
i solved the error . instead of selecting pictures from a folder , use the album , and the picture folder will be listed as an album . deselect all the other albums , and pictures should show up .
netcounter will keep track of data usage . it may not be 100% accurate , but it would be a decent estimate .
i also agree with nanne but will two suggest two other ways of monitoring your data connection . . . you can add the power control widget to the home screen . it comes stock with android and it will lets you easily toggle the wifi among other things . when wifi is on , 3g will be off and you will have a visual representation right there . there are 3rd party version of this widget that actually let you toggle the 3g connection specifically . if you have a limited data plan as you do , beside just being diligent about monitoring your data connection , you can automate the monitoring process with something like phoneusage pro . this app allows you to set daily , weekly or monthly limits for data usage and it will notify you when you hit those limits . since theres sometimes a lag in registering data you could set up a notification to let you know when you have used 750 mb of 3g data in a month and then you will know it is time to start using wifi more frequently .
try running this command from your pc : adb shell bmgr enable false  if you have more than one device or emulator running/connected , you will need to add the -s DEVICE option .
one method is to put a file called .noMedia in the root of every folder that you do not want to be scanned . it will not improve the scanning of actual media , but it will prevent wasted time searching elsewhere ( or indexing things that you do not want indexed , such as app assets ) .
you can use this app to do it . no need for rooting . dvorak is not available as a predefined layout ( yet ) but you can customize your own layout using the advanced settings . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.apedroid.hwkeyboardhelper edit : this morning i published version 2.7 of the app which supports dvorak out-of-the-box .
that is dependent : the kernel , along with the appropriate driver chipset support for usb otg the general consensus , if the kernel is modded and has support for otg provided the handset supports it , then it will work alongside with the appropriate otg cable with power support . it might need custom modifications to android to make it aware of otg facilities if running on pre-honeycomb android versions . however , since honeycomb ( android 3.0 ) and upwards , there is usb facilities integrated into the framework which makes otg mechanism even easier .
i was able to set up what you want with one caveat : you have to use a pin or a password , not a pattern . my solution depends on the apps tasker ( trial version here ) and secure settings . secure settings requires root for some of its features . i do not know if this is one of them . if you are not rooted , you can try it and see if it works . posting a complete how-to on tasker is beyond the scope of my answer . instead , here 's the official documentation and links to user-created guides . my solution involves setting up two tasker profiles . the first one sets the pin or password after a timeout . the second one clears the pin/password once the screen is unlocked . here are my profiles : once you have got tasker configured , go to your phone settings and set slide unlock ( and set he timeout to be whatever you find to be an appropriate amount of time for the slide lock to come up ) . note that when the password/pin is enabled , you will first have to slide unlock , and then enter your pin/password .
it sounds like you want the extremely common ls -l  for reference , the complete busybox help for ls :
yes , you are justified and they are being sneaky . once a set of permissions is allowed , it can install new permission into that same set without getting approved on update . but you can retake control . if your rooted , you can download the xposed framework installer from the xda forums . xposed installer http://forum.xda-developers.com/xposed/xposed-installer-versions-changelog-t2714053 " xposed is a framework for modules that can change the behavior of the system and apps without touching any apks . all changes are done in the memory . " must be rooted playpermissions xposed module http://forum.xda-developers.com/xposed/modules/playpermissionsexposed-fix-play-store-t2783076 " this module aims to fix this problem for users who care about permissions . it'll do the following : 1 . make the play store show you all of the app 's permissions . 2 . require you to manually update apps with new permissions ( regardless of the category ) . " xprivacy module http://forum.xda-developers.com/xposed/modules/xprivacy-ultimate-android-privacy-app-t2320783 " xprivacy can prevent applications from leaking privacy sensitive data . xprivacy can restrict the categories of data an application can access . this is done by feeding an application with no or fake data . there are several data categories which can be restricted , for example contacts or location . for example , if you restrict access to contacts for an application , this will result in sending an empty contact list to the application . similarly , restricting an application 's access to your location will result in a set location being sent to the application . " modules require xposed framework to be installed to function properly .
i assume you have a screen like this one ? there is a way to disable the so called " fullscreen landscape keyboard " . some custom roms have feature an option by default , but not cyanogenmod . what you could try is to download the xposed framework and disable that fullscreen landscape keyboard through xposed modules like " gravity box " or " xblast tools " . those two modules also feature a lot of other useful tweaks . i hope i understood you correctly and that this will be helpful . edit : those two modules i mentioned above may be a bit confusing at first . so i would rather recommend this module instead : no fullscreen keyboard xposed - android apps on google play
i got curious enough about this that i actually wrote my own little program that captures the " media button " events that are driving this functionality . i was able to determine that the car is doing something that translates into a " media_play_pause " keycode to start the playing . then when you tell it to play or pause while it is on , it issues another " media_play_pause . " but when you turn the car off ( or turn off the audio in the car ) , it issues a " media_stop " . the music players ( both winamp and the default music app anyway--i did not try others ) respond to the media_stop by resetting the song position to the beginning and ceasing to play the music . so to get what i want , i would have to somehow intercept the stop command and turn it into a " pause " instead . or somehow get the music apps not reset the song position when they receive as " stop . "
the icon in question ( on the very left of this image ) is Vibration mode on the one plus one . technically ( i guess ) it is the ' phone profile ' icon , in this case vibrate .
you do not mention which phone or android version you are using . on my motorola droid ( android 2.2 ) the built-in e-mail application allows me to connect to my employers exchange server . when i created the account , i had three options for connecting : pop3 , imap , and exchange . there are other e-mail clients out there that may also connect to exchange .
mouse cursor graphics can be located in the framework-res.apk . specifically , res/drawable-x/pointer_arrow.png inside the apk file where x ( suffix of drawable ) is pixel density class of your device .
unlocking the bootloader will void your warranty . the first situation is not covered by the phone 's warranty , but the second might , according to your country 's laws . for example in finland , the repair company has to show that the problem is directly caused by flashing in order to deny the warranty claim . it is possible to get the phone repaired , but you have to fight with the repair shop and possibly with samsung to get it done , and it could get tricky . having said that , flashing is pretty easy as long as you follow the instructions to the letter and do not rush . bricking is pretty rare if you are cautious , so i would say go for it : )
looks like toggle mobile just does not work well with my setup . i bought a £2 sim card from lycamobile a couple months ago , and it is been working flawlessly with no setup changes . not much of an answer i am afraid , but i would rather lose my remaining toggle credit than use several more days on this .
enabling quick settings made that popup disappear ( source ) . it is at settings-> system-> status bar-> quick settings . hth
the problem with my device not showing up with the fastboot devices command resolved itself . i was then able to flash a custom recovery . the only thing i did different was , i rebooted my computer and symlinked the adb and fastboot commands in my bin folder .
as recomended by ce4 above , i just followed the steps laid out in this tutorial . samsung galaxy s : full update guide you can download the rom from get . cm here ( original samsung galaxy s variant ) or here ( samsung galaxy s ( b ) variant ) , note these are only for i9000 ( not i9001 or i9003 ) .
as far as i know , every os makes the change at the officially scheduled time for your timezone . this is different in different timezones , but if you have previously observed your windows clock changing at a particular time , you will see any other os changing at the same time . the exact time is set by the government : programmers do not just pick a time they think would be nice .
first , that setting is enforced by the os ( so it is not for the app to decide whether to observe that setting ) . put in easy words : android will not let an app access the network unless it is running in foreground ( i.e. . the user is interacting with it ) with the restriction enabled for it . explained with a plastic example : restrict background data on the google play store app ( as i did ) , it will not anymore check for updates in background while you are on mobile data . but it will do so when you are using wifi . also , when you call up the app to install something , it will work as long as you keep it in foreground ( i.e. . not switch to another app while it is still downloading ) .
short answer : no . longer answer : the thumb-drive version of ubuntu is for x86 processors . there are ways to run ubuntu in android , all of them requiring a ubuntu port with an arm architecture . search for complete linux installer in the play store for basic stuff . it will rum on top of android in a virtualized environment , and you can connect to its environment and everything . just download the image and put it on your flash drive instead .
your handset is not damaged , not totally . but you do need to get some professional help , someone who is willing to carry out the procedure in restoring it , provided that someone has the necessary tools at their disposal . however , you can fix your imei using a highly specialized but expensive repair box such as z3x , nspro , to name but a few . mostly , smartphone users do not have access to them and only repair labs or specialists have them .
this is a documented bug related to tethering between intel wireless and qualcomm s4 based mobile phones , leading to disconnection or bsod . it has been documented here and discussed here .
try Settings &gt; Display &gt; Animation . i turned mine off and did not see the " old style tube tv " animation any more .
after a lot of experimentation and backwards and forwards and disabling and enabling various things , i have got it to the point where i have not seen that error popup for about a week now ( which is a huge improvement over it appearing every 10 minutes ) . unfortunately logcat never seemed to show any obvious , enlightening errors when the force close messages popped up , so there was nothing to work on there . various posts on web forums suggested that going into accounts and sync disabling sync on calendars and contacts , then clearing the data on the calendar and contacts app should help , but it did not seem to for me . in the end what i think solved the problem was : completely deleting all my non-primary google accounts off the device ( i have a primary google account , which is a google apps one , plus another google apps account and a normal gmail account ) disabling all of the sync on my primary account clearing the data on the calendar and contacts apps leaving it an hour before re-enabling the sync on my primary account leaving it a day before adding back my secondary accounts , and enabling their sync not 100% sure which of those steps solved it , but after doing all of those steps in that order my problem has gone away .
as can be seen in this video from the google i/o conference , in jelly bean applications can no longer read the system log for other applications , they can only read their own log . this has broken most ( all ? ) system log readers , here 's a blog post from a developer of such an application talking about how it has affected his application . the only way to have an app read other apps system log entries when using jelly bean is to root the phone . although other apps can not read the log files it is apparently possible to do it from the pc , try giving logshark a go .
rehearsalassistant is what i ended up using . it is ok for now .
i was able to install google play services by browsing to its page at https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.gms and then logging in , clicking install , and choosing my phone . come to think of it , i might start installing more apps this way , from the comfort of a desktop browser . : ) anyway , i am able to use the google+ app again . i am still puzzled by the " no connection " business and having to periodically downgrade play to market to install anything from my phone running android 2.2 , but i am glad i did not have to root it and install cyanogenmod as suggested by some friends .
it should work with maps ( + ) ( or its ad-financed free version maps ( - ) offline navigation ) . this app was developed for exactly this purpose ( even before google labs introduced the " pre-caching " feature ) . i never tried it myself , but the comments look promising as well . maps ( + ) ( source : google playstore ; click image to enlarge )
no , you are pretty much out of luck . once you update , you have that version and cannot go back . i do not know your android knowledge , but , if you have the apk file for a previous version , you can " sideload " the application on to the device ( unless you have at and t ) . but that is a bit more complicated if you never done it before . it requires the drivers for your pc , copy the file to the sdcard , and then " open " the apk file with an file manager , which will then launch the package installer .
i am guessing you have tried double clicking it ? on my phone ( dell streak ) , a double-click skips to the next track . might just be doubletwist that , though , i am not sure .
there is no official way of installing the default keyboard if it is not installed by the manufacturer . however , there may be unofficial ways using files stripped from other devices or compiled from aosp . there are some keyboards on google play , see for example keyboard from android 2.3 , which claims to be like the default keyboard from android 2.3 . another way of getting the default keyboard may be installing another rom . i think hardware makers would install their own keyboards if they think that they are superior to the default one , for example because they better work on the screen size of a device .
please visit http://www.twofortyfouram.com/support.html q : i see the shortcut setting opens apps . . . how do i kill apps ? a : android treats memory differently than a desktop computer . when leaving an app , it is paused rather than killed , so that returning to it later is faster . if android needs more memory , it will automatically close apps that have been paused but have not been used recently . because android manages memory automatically , " task killer " apps are not necessary . google has blocked " task killer " apps for android 2.2 and later . while it is not possible to " kill " apps on android , the shortcut setting can be used to simulate this behavior by bringing the home screen to the foreground . to do this , simply create a new shortcut setting that opens the " launcher " or " home " app ( on htc devices , the launcher might be called " htc sense" ) . when the setting is fired , it will bring the home screen to the foreground , pausing whatever application was previously on the screen .
in tasker create a new State based context and choose Net as state category . then choose Wifi Near as net action : this will bring a screen where you can input data about the wifi access point you are interested in . if you are near the desired wifi access point then you could just press the scan button ( the button with lens symbol at left end of the text SSID ) . this scans the near by access points and lists its details . simply select the one which you are interested in . now you are good to go to add an entry task and exit task to whatever you want .
rooting your phone will void the warranty from both the carrier and the manufacturer . no matter what happens to be wrong . if they found that the phone 's rooted then you will have to face the consequences . * so your warranty will be void automatically with root . *
if you are able to transfer the split files from your pc to your android device , which most probably will , you can use this app to join the files . also make sure you split the file using 7zip on your pc . hope this helps
have just noticed this too on my ( original ) galaxy s since it got the gingerbread update , presume that this is something that samsung have changed in their gingerbread build , as the s2 comes with gingerbread from the factory . on the galaxy s ( and i presume it will be the same on the s2 ) they have a built-in storage ( either 8gb or 16gb in the original s ) that looks like an sd card to the os , but is actually built into the phone , there is also a micro-sd card slot , that can take normal micro-sd cards . previously these showed in the phone as " internal sd card " and " external sd card " , since gingerbread they are now shoing as " sd card " and " usb storage " . it looks like " usb storage " is the built-in storage space ( 8gb on my phone ) , whereas " sd card " is the separate sd card that plugs into the slot by the battery and you can plug the card in yourself ( i have got a 32gb card in mine ) . most apps do not know that there is two separate storage spaces , as this is a samsung thing , not an android thing . media files copied into either location will be picked up ok by the media scanner , so you can put your music , etc where you want without any worries . some apps , like the camera app , have been modified by samsung to know about the multiple storage locations and will let you save to either ( configurable in the settings ) others do not , and will only save to the " usb storage " space . i have not had a chance to play with kies air since gingerbread , so can not help you there ( but i will try to over the weekend and update ) . but for file manager apps you should be able to see the folder /mnt/sdcard which is the " usb storage " and looking down that you should see a folder called external_sd which , if you open it is your micro-sd card . for any apps that let you pick where to save files , saving to this location will ensure its on the actual sd card .
unlike the note 2 , the s4 does not have the " available buttons " section in the notification panel . so , you cannot remove the items .
you need to re-flash your recovery in fastboot . make sure you use the correct recovery for your device and carrier . ( i can provide links if needed . ) your rooted so i will assume you have successfully achieved s-off which requires proper adb drivers and fastboot . boot to fastboot ( hold power + vol down ) and connect usb cable flash nameofrecovery . img ( from same directory adb and fastboot are in ) by typing fastboot flash recovery nameofrecovery.img
link to stock browser apk the link contains the apk for the stock browser . alternatively , as you have chosen you can build the stock browser from source also . how to build stock browser from source code , stackoverflow generally you can also use the avd for testing the browser , but not if you need multi touch and other ' phone ' related functionality . chrome is now the stock browser for nexus devices , and most oems ( manufacturers ) include their own version of the browser .
solved ( at least layar is not being showed as installed anymore ) . on this site i found that i could also remove the /data/app/com.layar.apk file . i did it and now i have +8mb of free space on my galaxy .
try installing betterbatterystats or gsam battery monitor pro . both apps can provide you granular data about how your phone 's battery is being drained . you know the power hog is google reader but these apps can help you determine if the app is killing the battery because it is using a ton of data or if it is initiating long or frequent wake-locks . . . if i had to guess without any more info , i would guess that reader is updating in the background frequently and consuming a lot of data .
install Sony Pc companion . go to folder in which flashtool is installed mostly C:/Flashtool . you will find drivers folder in which you will find Driver.exe click it select the driver for your device click install . windows will give you error select Trust the vendor . it is better to turn off your antivirus . once installed enable usb debugging mode and connect
iirc , one difference is that odin can change the filesystem to a different " format " . for example , there are rom for the galaxy s devices that would change the filesystem from rfs to ext4 . if you did a nandroid of the device , before you flashed the rom , then decided to go back to the " stock rom " , your filesystem would still be ext4 . this could cause issues if it is not a filesystem that the stock rom can deal with , or expect . as for , " is it better " , it does make it easy for samsung owners to go back to complete stock , but nandroid is still a full backup of your device at that time and could , essentially , work just as well .
asus released an update , and it is been 2 weeks since it happened
that means something 's wrong with the package setup . for your reference , here are a few links with more detailed information : android duplicate provider authority - stack overflow android duplicate provider authority problem - stack overflow angry birds seasons summer pignic now available | angrybirdsnest ( search for " duplicate provider " on this page , should appear around the middle ) duplicate provider authority error when installing k-9 mail - google groups recommendation : contact developer ( for security reasons both developers , in case somebody faked the signature ) . it is most likely a copy-and-paste error during the packaging process , so the developer might release a fixed update soon .
the least tricky way is : take your 2gb card out of the device , put it into a card reader , and attach that to your computer copy all contents from the card to an empty directory on your computer safely remove the card reader , replace the 2gb card by the newer , bigger one , and attach that to the computer copy the contents of the directory from step 2 . to the new card safely remove that card again , and place it into your android device when in doubt about the hidden stuff , use linux for the copy process . you can even boot it from a livecd . from a terminal command , use cp -R /path/to/source/* /path/to/target . on the other hand , if using windows and you can see the files/directories starting with a dot ( watch out e.g. for the .android_secure directory ) , they should be copied along fine . see also : how do i switch my android device 's sd card without causing problems ? changing sd card just a simple copy and paste app2sd - changing the sd card how to upgrade / swap sd card without losing data and installed apps ?
i do not think there is a way to disable market update notifications for a single app right now . in order to disable update notifications for all apps in the market , open the market app , press the menu button , choose settings . in the notification drop down , select do not notify me .
try tunein radio , it has both stations , and it is great ( and free ) !
the serendipity rom only contains camera . apk and camerafirmware . apk . i would think that the version you are trying to copy over is being renamed by the system on reboot and the original camera . apk is being restored . what i would try : get the non-cwm version of the camera . apk and put it on your sd card on your phone , use root explorer or similar to mount /system/app/ as rw rename /system/app/Camera.apk to camera . bak or something copy in the new apk from the sd card remount /system/app/ as ro , you may want to make sure /system/ is ro as well try to use the camera . if it works , reboot and see if it still works .
digging into the packagemanagerservice class on grepcode ( warning : this class file is huge , your browser may chug a fair bit when rendering it ) , the optimizing message is displayed in the following context : here the value of com.android.internal.R.string.android_upgrading_apk is the string " optimizing application " . in layman 's terms , it loops through each application on the device , updates the message on the screen by calling showBootMessage() and then calls performDexOptLI() on the application . so naturally , the next question is " what does performDexOptLI() do ? " well here 's what that looks like : so this invokes the dexopt utility on all of the applications that need it . it is difficult to find any simple documentation regarding dexopt , but there is a high-level overview here . suffice it to say , it is being used by the just in time ( jit ) compiler to create optimized . dex files that help improve the performance of the apps on your device and it outputs them into the vm cache . the reason it stores the . dex files in the cache is because otherwise it would have to re-extract them any time you want to run the app ( the . apk is just an archive , it is not an executable file ! ) . thus , it makes sense to just keep them in the /data/dalivk-cache directory to reuse them , and dexopt performs some optimizations during the initial extraction while it is at it . tl ; dr ( or non-programmer summary , i guess ) : it is rebuilding the dalvik cache .
es datei explorer is more than just a simple file explorer . it offers a bunch of additional features , which explain most of the permissions you have listed . i am using this app for years already and can assure you : it never abused any of the permissions ( especially i never saw it making " phone calls " , and yes , i supervise such things ) . but for the things you list : storage : what do you thing where your files are , um , stored ? all file managers access the " storage " . otherwise they could not write there , so you could not copy/move files . phone calls : this is a permission group , not the permission COST_CALL itself . the only permission from that group which es file accesses is read phone status and identity . so it can detect whether there is an incoming/outgoing/ongoing call ( and see the remote number ) , as well as check your device 's id ( imsi ) . not sure what for the app needs this , though . network communication : this app can also access the network ( feature list : remote file manager ) . so you can e.g. use it to copy files from/to your computer , e.g. using windows shares ( also known as samba , smb , cifs ) . a feature i really enjoy quite often . so nothing bad about this ! system tools : again a permission group . here the app requests : modify system settings , connect and disconnect from wi-fi , set wallpaper , install shortcuts , uninstall shortcuts , access bluetooth settings , prevent phone from sleeping . all mentioned permissions are explainable from the app 's feature list , though the " modify system settings* is a little unclear . hardware controls : once more a permission group . only used permission here is control vibration . so no danger from that , either . so the point is to look behind those " permission groups " what permissions are really requested by an app , and cross-check that with its features . if something 's unclear : ask , as you did : ) " better save than sorry " is a good attitude ! if you are still concerned , and rather want a more minimalistic solution ( as you do not need all those features ) , there are plenty alternatives . but i personally can warmly recommend you this app , from my own experience : it is easy to use , and never let me down in years . no " permission abuse " either .
if your phone is not rooted , then you can not access the " os " or the " programms " . when you plug your phone , you can only browse its internal and/or external storage in a file explorer . if you are not rooted , you can use adb to browse the " os " , but you can only view it and you can not access /data folder . if you are rooted , you can access and write all to the internal parts of the system , but it is dangerous if you do not know what you are doing . in every case , you can not see it through windows explorer .
summary of comments , as requested by the op : if your device is running android 4 . x , you can simply go to settings &rarr ; applications &rarr ; manage applications , scroll to the app , oben its entry , and hit the " disable " button -- et voila , it is " gone " , and will no longer appear in any other place . if you need it again at a later point , it will still be at the end of the list , so you can enable it again . note though , that some manufacturers / rom builders decided to preventing some apps from being disabled . nothing you can do in that case without root . if you rooted your device , on the other hand , apps like e.g. titanium backup ★ root would let you freeze those apps as well . note also gathrawn 's comment : if you do not configure the email app , it will not run . some homescreen replacements ( aka " launchers" ) allow you to hide unwanted apps from the app drawer ( e . g . go launcher ex ) , so you at least can ban them in some way .
it is possible that the usb cable is designed for charging only ( i.e. . not a data cable ) , or is of poor quality . off-topic : although not a usb cable , i have encountered otg cables that could not detect a usb drive . in this case , it was a poor ( or defective ) otg cable ; other cables were able to detect the usb drive . related posts ( external ) : all micro usb cables are not created equal ?
i think what you want is the my orders page . this is reachable from the play store web site by under the " gear " menu in the upper right . i see all of the things i have purchased from google play , including apps , music , etc . for what it is worth , there does not appear to be a way to get a list of your orders from within the play store app . however , i do see a list of transactions in my google wallet app , although admittedly they are not all necessarily from the play store .
on my galaxy s3 , running 4.1.2 , the user dictionary is a background service that can be disabled . if you are running a similar device look into the following : settings\app manager\all\user dictionary click the disable button . if you are using a different device or system this could get you started in the right direction .
judging from other apps , i would suspect the answer to be samsung printers only . that being said , hp has eprint , but google 's cloud print offers printing for older models of printers as well regardless of make .
there is really no way to answer this question . there are devices out there that got to version 1.6 and are at the end of the line . i have a droid with froyo ( 2.2 ) and do not expect to get any more os updates . it all depends on the hardware and , most importantly , how much effort the manufacturers and/or carriers want to put in to update the device . if the past is any indication , the answer there is " not much " . they seem much more interested in selling their new phones . while google and the manufacturers recently met and said that there will be more of an effort to support and update devices for at least 18 months , we have not seen the results of that . while they occasionally backpedal on announcements of " no more updates " it has not been very frequent . if past performance is any indication , i think you can expect a few point releases , and perhaps a full release ( to version 4.0 ) but beyond that i do not think is going to happen . this is , of course , speculation , and this is now a fairly long non-answer answer to an unanswerable question .
i have found that cyanogenmod has something like this , but i did not really want to install that just for easier volume controls . i found that there is an xposed module called gravitybox that includes this . it included a lot of other stuff that i did not care about too , but thankfully someone extracted this specific feature and repackaged it as expandablevolume . i installed that , and it works great now ! ! example 1 example 2
not a perfect solution but you can change your password by opening you google account/gmail on your phone browser .
this is definitely due incompatibilites between the ril and the baseband/modem firmware . the ril or the radio-interface layer are the libraries ( shared-objects ) that allow the phone to talk with the modem firmware . i found this issue on the cyanogemod jira : https://jira.cyanogenmod.org/browse/cyan-2172 if you read the comments , you will see that people have solved this issue by flashing a compatible firmware . since i am now running cyanogenmod 11 , i dug around xda and found a leaked 4.4 firmware for my device . it was packed in a cwm-flashable zip so i flashed it and voila . please remember to backup your device , your current modem/baseband and the ril files . flashing a new ril is not necessary always but helps .
from my knowledge of the sync functionality on the android it only syncs when it has something new on one of those services . it uses push technology to send you the latest updates as soon as they become available . if however new items are appearing in your mail , contacts and/or calendar and it is still not syncing then i would recommend you remove your google account and re-add it again . nb . i did have an issue with sync once where it just was not pushing any emails to my phone . . . it fixed itself after a couple of days .
if your phone is rooted , i would highly recommend droidwall . it is a firewall application that allows you to restrict access to internet by application . it has separate permission settings for wifi and cell data , which allows you to restrict the data usage by the connection as well . chances are though that you will also need to be running a custom rom or kernel that has " iptables " module built-in . in terms of minimizing data usage in general , there are several settings you can play with . i would recommend going all manual by disabling " auto-sync " and " background data " options under Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Accounts &amp; sync . then take a look at interval update settings in all 3rd-party apps you use for services such as twitter ( twidroid , seesmic , etc . ) , facebook , e-mail ( k-9 mail , e-mail , gmail , etc . ) , rss feeders ( newsrob , feedr , etc . ) , and others ( widgets , weather apps , etc . ) most such apps let you configure the update interval via settings . either make them all disabled/manual , or use the farthest update interval they allow . also disable any notifications in these apps so that they use even less data . you might also be able to use some apps/widgets that toggle the data connection ( without affecting the cell signal ) and only enable it when you need to use apps requiring data ( retrieve e-mail , catch up on tweets , use browser , refresh weather status , etc . ) and then toggle it back off when you are done .
short answer : no ! that would cause the handset to boot-loop or cause f/c ( force close ) as ice cream sandwich and later , their apps are relying on the v4 . x framework . by bringing it across to gingerbread could spell disaster and " weird " issues with the handset . however , bringing across gingerbread 2.3 . x apps across to ice cream sandwich should work , ( paradox ahead . . . ) as ics upwards would have compatibility layer within their framework for running apps that target below ics ! hope this part makes sense !
i was frustrated for a long time with the same problem . an app called wifi fixer seems to have fixed it . hope that helps you too .
i do not know why did i read " black in time " , which makes no sense : but as you wrote " my phone was in a back date " – check your time settings , please ! if your device time is too far off , certificates will cause trouble , which finally results in exactly that : no secure connection possible , and you cannot access your account . in cases like that it often helps to set the time manually ( must not be to the second , if it is a minute off it is still fine ) . then try again . you can set time adjustment to " automatic " again later . background : certificates have a " livetime " , including a start and an end . if your device is outside this frame , the certificate is either only valid " in the past " or " in the future " , but not " now " . so your device will reject it . without a valid certificate , the google play app will not be able to establish a secured connection , and thus give you an " unable to access " ( or similar ) error . same applies btw . to other apps using secured connections – including the web browser when accessing sites via https . the latter you can use to check whether you have tapped into this trap : start your web browser , try accessing e.g. https://www.google.com/ , and see what happens . if you get a " certificate warning " , that is it .
there is no easy way to control the mentioned scenario , since you may get away from your phone , leaving behind the device used to alert you . i have been playing around with an app , that basically runs a task when a certain action occurs within your phone . the test i performed , was having my phone playing a really loud sound if my phone gets disconnected from the bluetooth earpiece . it works , i go away from my phone and as soon as the bluetooth gets out of range , the phone starts to play the music . i hear the music and remind myself that my phone was left behind . of course that if you use dragon v2 bluetooth headset , it will only get out of range after 100 meters , which is roughly 10 times more distance than a regular bluetooth earpiece . : ) tasker tasker by crafty apps available from google play store ( 4,49€ ) from their website you have a free 14-day trial download .
synopsis titanium backup , is the most popular tool for everybody , not just for rom flashers , its for everybody , due to a large number of features such as : backing up user apps and their data all backups are saved on the sd-card ( really , i should be calling this external storage to future proof this answer as sd-card readers are in favour of getting dropped ) the capability to store up to fifty backups extract data from a cwm recovery image ( via cwm 's backup within recovery ) freeze an app , and put it into a state of " suspension " such that , it gets removed from the app drawer temporarily . schedule backups on a regular automatic basis or via a widget , and by tapping on the widget , titanium backup will perform the backup . there is far too much that you can do with it . what is this titanium backup you speak of , in plain english ? think of this as a " time machine " application , where a backup is instigated , to backup user applications and their application data , and then can " revert " back in case of unforseen circumstances or . . . playing angry birds , and got to a euphoric state of delight in getting the high score , and decided to backup angry birds and the high-score data in place , " just in case " a foul-up is made . the tool is often used heavily by rom flashers , have aosp gingerbread , decide to go to aosp jb , backup the apps etc , flash the new aosp jb , and restore the apps . astute readers will point out a vital step that i left out , where does the titanium backup come from then , the answer is quite simple , every time there is a new update to the titanium backup in which google play automatically updates , first things first , instinctively , always , i do the following , launch titanium backup hit ' menu ' , tap on ' more ' finally , tap on ' create " update . zip " ' select ' titaniumbackup-w . x.y. zip ' under the heading titled , ' select the name of the output file : ' ( latest version , is 5.6.0 ) the zip file is created and saved onto the /sdcard/TitaniumBackup-5.6.0.zip , so , its ' just a matter of adb pull on that file , unzip it , and install on to a newly flashed rom , for example , in this case , aosp jb , via the adb install method . then from there , after installing it , titanium backup will simply re-load the archived information about the backups already in place on the sd-card . the full information wiki can be found here on the developer 's website , if any further information is required . also take a look at our titanium tag .
short answer you cannot do that without having your device rooted , as the file permissions will not allow you to list contents there . you will be able to change into /data/data , but you will not see a single thing there . longer explanation while one might be able to access /data/data without root ( i.e. . change into that directory ) , permissions are set to forbid listing its contents : this is what happens on a device without root ( output created just now on my cat stargate 2 running android 4.1.1 ) . repeating the same on my htc wildfire running cm9 ( android 4.0.4 ) and having root access enabled looks a little different , and should give us the wanted details ( output cut to the necessary stuff ) : adb shell root@android:/ # ls -l /data drwxrwx--x system system 2013-02-27 02:01 data  as it is clearly shown , /data/data is owned by the user system group system , with this user and group being the only having full read/write/execute access . everybody else only has execute permission , enabling all processes to change into that directory . this is necessary for the apps to access their data : they know their package names , and such an app named com.foo.bar can directly jump to /data/data/com.foo.bar which it owns and has full access to .
some network-branded devices use a virtual cd-rom device to supply their own tethering software . if your phone 's tethering is not restricted and the device created is empty , i would say it is safe to ignore it .
this turns out to be more complicated than just the amperage rating of the power adapter . this xda post says that the tablet itself may ' step down ' to 0.5a charging if it cannot detect the right support in the usb host . there are some additional details in this post but i do not grok them . that thread led me to this slashdot comment which seems very useful and knowledgeable . if i understand the story correctly , unless the tablet can negotiate with the host device , the amount of power it can draw is limited . a physical " hack " ( now part of a usb standard ) in the adapter can make it clear to the usb client ( the tablet ) that there is no host device ( its a wall wart ) , so it can charge faster . without the hack , the device is limited in the amperage it can use . more details on the usb charing spec are on wikipedia . i just verified some of this with my samsung galaxy tab 10.1 and the no-name 2a usb wall charger i have . if i plug my tablet into this " unapproved " usb adapter , then i get a little red " x " on the battery charge indicator in the system tray . additionally , i get the " media scanner running . . . " alert ( which i think means that the tablet thinks it might be connected to a computer ) . i cannot tell at what rate ( 2.5ma , 500ma , 2a , etc ) the tablet is actually charging at , though . if i plug the tablet into the ' approved ' wall wart , i get no such red " x " , nor any " media scanner " alerts . all that said , in practice , i have found that the tablet will charge up on my no-name usb adapter . i am not sure if that is because i tend to turn the screen off ( and i do not have 3g ) , and thus the power draw of the sleeping tablet is less than the 500ma , or if its actually getting the full 2a . i think the upshot is that any reputable wall charger or anything labeled as " compatible " with an iphone or ipad will probably support the usb charging spec , and thus will fast-charge a samsung galaxy tab . but i am just guessing . it would be nice if there was an official usb logo or label for chargers that supported this mode . . .
what the phone 's essentially asking you here is , do you want to use only 2g data networks , only 3g data networks , or automatically switch between them depending which is best ? the gsm setting will give you access to 2g ( and 2.5g ) data networks using gprs or edge data standards and speeds . wcdma will give you access to 3g networks ( using either normal 3g or hsdpa standards and speeds ) . the normal setting would be auto , which lets the phone automatically select the best ( normally fastest ) data network that it can pick up in the area that you are currently in , but as this involves using all the 2g and 3g chips and antennae this uses more power than forcing the phone to always use one or the other . the downside to picking gsm is that it will stop your phone connecting to high speed 3g data networks , but will save power as the 3g ( wcdma ) chips and antenna will not be used . the downside to picking wcdma is that it will stop your phone from using 2g networks at all ( so if you are in an area with no 3g support , then your phone will have no data signal ) but if you are in an area that you know has good 3g signal , then selecting this will save power .
it would depend on the device . some devices have/had some real serious issues with their gps . the galaxy s is one of them . it can take 10 seconds for it to get a gps lock or it could take a minute ( or even more ) . if you never have any issues with your device , then i would not recommend running an application like this . if you can get a gps lock within a few seconds or so and it is accurate , then i would say just leave it alone .
no . if you do not uninstall the existing app , and you use adb install to install the new apk , the existing app data will be preserved . note that you can only do this if the package names match and the old and new apks are signed with the same developer certificate : if the package names do not match , then both versions will be installed side-by-side , and the new one will not have access to the old one 's data . this might happen if the developer has slightly different variants for the app depending on the distribution channel ( e . g . a variant for google play , and another for direct apk download ) . if the signatures do not match , then installation will fail with an error message telling you that is what went wrong . the only way to fix that is to use an apk signed by the original developer .
mine 's working the way you expect it should . i had a problem with duplicates when using services to help keep my contacts " clean " and to import from other services . in particular soocial kept giving me dupes . so , the first thing i would do is make sure you are not using something like that . i suspect that something is " out of whack " ( to use a technical term ) with the synchronization data . i would try the following : make sure the data in google contacts is in tip-top shape . merge duplicates , get everybody in the right group , etc . export all contacts ( just in case ) then , delete the contact data on the phone . you will probably want to turn off synchronization before you do this . then turn synchronization back on . everything should be copacetic .
this is indeed a question to stackoverflow . i asked a very similar question about a week ago , and basically , the answer is no , to implement that you will have to dig very deep into the code . see here for more . hope it fits your question .
where are you hearing this ? the nexus s can absolutely support video chat , it has a front-facing camera . whether a video chat app supports the nexus s is a different question . google talk is supposed to support video chat in honeycomb , hopefully it will be released for gingerbread and support the nexus s as well . the nexus s can not take hd video due to software restrictions , from everything i have read ( example ) . i think it just was not prioritized since the nexus s is a " developer phone " . ( if you meant to ask if it can play hd video the answer is yes , depending on the format and such ) .
update your phone to gingerbread and this problem will go away . i upgraded my galaxy s to 2.3.3 and have not ever since seen this problem , which still happened with 2.2.1 froyo .
this has happened many times to me , and every time it has been a bad cable . if you have one , try finding another usb cable to test it with , and see if it works . often some connection goes bad in the cable just from use and wear and it will only charge and refuses to transmit data . the other possibility ( this is known to be a problem with the evo 4gs , but i do not think i have heard of it on the galaxy s ) is that the usb port on your phone has been damaged or gone bad . this happened to my dad 's phone ( evo ) and they sent him a replacement . let us know what happens after you try a new cable !
could not find a way to do this every time the app starts . i did discover that if multiple accounts have new messages at the same time , the app starts on the " accounts " page . it seems when you start the app it opens the account with new messages automatically , and only opens the " accounts " list if multiple accounts contain new messages .
i just a got an email from the heimdall dev , he said it is not compatible with the galaxy mini . thanks guys for your replies .
it seems there is a problem with google play . please take a look at the issue tracker .
you can write , compile and distribute native code as an android application . look here for more info about the ndk . if you want it done without the official framework and application packaging then you will need to look into cross-compiling the application for the arm architecture .
if your phone is rooted i think that you can write your own keyboard layout . i am using my own layout ( on sgs i9000 ) for some chinese blouetooth keyboard that i bougth recently . layout files are in /system/usr/keylayout/ directory . layout file that is used by my keyboard is Broadcom_Bluetooth_HID.kl . i think that layout used by built-in keyboard will be qwerty.kl - you could modify it and check if it is working . remember to make backups of original files before changing it . . .
tasker can do it , using the foursquare api and the http post task in the http post task , fill out the form as follows : server:port -> user:pass@api . foursquare . com path -> /v1/checkin data -> vid=362349 private=1 facebook=0 twitter=0 vid is the numeric id you can get from foursquare . com by looking up the venue . i have it set to not share auto checkins with others . you can also use a tasker variable for vid and define the vid from other events . . ie , i have my office assigned by ' cell near ' , same with the park where i walk my dogs . . i just call the named tasker task and it checks me in when i get to that location . i follow it up with a ' notify ' action to let me know it checked it , and what venueid ( this was mainly for testing . . ) you will want to use a phone number login for foursquare , not a emailaddress . . the @ sign in the email will confuse the http post function .
drm stands for " digital rights management " , and mainly is used with sold ebooks/pdfs and the like ( and also for sold music files plus maybe even videos ) . those keys are to identify your id as to prove if you have permission to access those documents . if you never bought any of those " crippled " documents , chances are you do not have to bother .
hard to tell for sure without " direct access " , but here are the most likely answers : there are no files in that directory , so nothing to remove you cannot use rm to remove directories ( that is what rmdir is for ) that will most likely fail as well , since /system is usually mounted read-only ; ) the original command succeeded at last : most likely some file was created there in the meantime .
i borrowed a friend 's fitbit and tried to sync it with my nexus 10 . i enabled bluetooth . i then installed the fitbit app and logged in as him . there is no option anywhere to sync the device . i then logged out , and created a new account . on a compatible device , once the account is created , it prompts you to sync a fitbit device . this question is never asked on the nexus 10 . circumstantial additional evidence comes from the large number of unhappy reviews citing device compatibility on the fitbit app page . so it is confirmed that despite the probable existence of the necessary bluetooth hardware/software , at the time of writing fitbit devices cannot be synced with the nexus 10 .
this will not help people who are still waiting for their phone to be upgraded , but the stock ice cream sandwich ( android 4 ) launcher has something similar built in - it shows a cascaded view of the first three icons in the folder .
i highly doubt it is to do with being ' pre-paid ' or not . more likely , it could be from a number of reasons . such as internet connection where carriers can limit the download file size . i personally know that dl'ing larger files over the carrier network will fail unless it has a ' resume ' or some sort of authentication feature .
have you tried evernote ? you can create notes in the phone and read on the web , and create on the web and view on your phone . the sync works perfectly !
there are a lot of apps in android market which offer import from your google reader subscriptions . the best of them according to lifehacker is doggcatcher podcast player . beyondpod podcast manager also offers import from google reader . but acast ' s description claims that the app has integration with google reader , not just import ( sorry , can not test it myself , this app crashed for me ) .
i do not know of any way to physically combine the two fields . however , the most recent update ( 11.1 ) added the following : one field does it all you can now type both web addresses and search queries in your browser 's address field . or , if you prefer , you can still use the search field with your favorite search engines . so if you start typing into the address bar , you will now be given the option to perform a search for whatever you entered . you just tap on the " search : [ text ] " item that appears under the address bar :
as per advice from narayanan , i replaced /system/media/audio/ui/LowBattery.ogg with another .ogg file . the next time it was triggered , the new file played . i then tried placing an empty file at /system/media/audio/ui/LowBattery.ogg , but this did not work . finally , i downloaded a slient .ogg from here , placing it at /system/media/audio/ui/LowBattery.ogg . this worked perfectly .
there is an app in the market with the id " com . ebproductions . android . launcher " that is gingerbread launcher free . this appears to be a slightly modified version of the aosp stock gingerbread launcher that someone 's made available for devices that do not come with the stock launcher installed .
it looked like a gingerbread-related problem . since android 3.0 you can login with any google account , with or without gmail .
i tried formatting the card again , this time on my computer , using gparted and it worked . i cleared the data of the media storage app and restarted the phone and now all media is visible to all apps again !
i use droidwall for this purpose - it is a firewall with a whitelist or blacklist configuration . also avg antivirus free and lookout for detecting virus and other malware . set droidwall to whitelist mode with log enabled , which disables internet access for all apps and services except the ones you explicitly allow . then use the phone for a while , open up all the apps once , restart the phone ( all this to give a malicious app a chance to get activated ) . then , open droidwall and view its log . you will see all the apps which tried to access the internet and the ip addresses they tried to connect to .
solved : it appears these contacts were in the " other contacts " on gmail.com. i am not entirely sure how they got there or why there is no such group in the people app where i can see or edit them , but at least i can delete them now !
i just want to start this answer off by saying that if you are not an expert computer user , this is probably not for you . you will need to know how to setup and edit partition tables , along with knowing how to resize , delete and add partitions . i of course accept no responsibility for any damage you cause to any device from reading this tutorial . in theory here is what you need to do : repartition your device 's sd card so that you can make room for all the the operating systems you want to run get a new boot loader that supports dual ( or multi ) booting flash the partition with a build that is compatible with your phone specifically for your device ( the galaxy note 10.1 ) , here is a great link on dual booting : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2258867 the tutorial is on an ubuntu machine , if you do not have ubuntu it is pretty easy to install from their website : http://www.ubuntu.com you probably do not even need to install ubuntu to do this tutorial , i think you would be fine just running off of the live cd . i am a little biased because i love ubuntu , but i would recommend installing it when you have free time . it really is a life saver and it runs on top of a linux kernel so you get all of the benefits of linux when you use ubuntu . very important before you start the tutorial 1 ) backup your device every time before you make a change to the os or to the boot loader . it is extremely easy to brick your device if you do not know what you are doing . if you brick your device and you have no backups to go from , then you are out of luck my friend . 2 ) you need to have a cwm ( clockwork mod ) installed on your device before you start the tutorial along with nandroid backup . see extra stuff below for install information . 3 ) i cannot stress this more : make sure that you are installing a mod that fits perfectly with you device ! ! you will potentially render your device unusable if you do not check your roms thoroughly . 4 ) this is not so important but will save you a lot of time in the future . go get a bigger sd card , no 1gb or 2gb is not enough and 4gb is pushing it . go out and buy a 16gb sd card , they are not that expensive and if you are going to be doing multiple booting , then you will want the extra space . it will be a huge pain to transfer all of your files onto a bigger sd card because you decided you wanted to triple boot android , arch linux and ubuntu all on one device . this is the voice of experience unfortunately . hopefully the tutorial works out well for you . when you get comfortable with installing os partitions , then you can start trying out different flavors of linux . my favorite is ubuntu , followed closely behind by arch linux ( arm ) ( which is great for server applications ) . extra stuff installing cwm and nandroid backup on galaxy note 10.1 here is a video tutorial for installing the cwm on the galaxy note 10.1 if you need to do that . again make sure you get the right rom for your device . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=niyixzcw7xs if youtube is more your thing , then here is a pretty good video on doing the same thing in the other tutorial . this youtube video requires you to already have cwm installed on your device . galaxy note : how to dual boot 5 different roms for those of you who do not have the galaxy note , here is something else i found that might be useful ( or at least a starting point ) : http://lifehacker.com/5826050/how-to-dual-boot-multiple-roms-on-your-android-phone please feel free to edit if you have something to add ( tutorials for specific devices etc . ) also , if you need more info , just comment and i will help you out .
it does not look like there a way to delete huddles , only hide them . navigate to the message , hit the menu button on the handset , and select " hide " .
got the answer : i installed a fresh rom ( rootbox ) and it helped . weird that it did not help before . now i need to search a solution for faster gps fixing .
you should use zipalign -f -v 4 my.apk output.apk  do remember that if you zipalign before you sign , the signing will undo the alignment .
i would unlock the bootloader , and flash a new image . . . you can find all the information you need on this page : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1392310 hope you found my answer helpful : )
there are several system monitors available you might want to give a try . some of them log activities while running in the background , so no information is lost when the device has to be rebooted . while these might not directly point out the troublemaker , you could still see at what time the freeze happened , and which apps might have been active then -- so they should bring you at least closer to finding the culprit . one of those monitor apps is systempanel app / task manager ( it has a free trial version , but that does not log in the background but only allows for " live monitoring" ) . some screenshots from the playstore for illustration : systempanel ( source : google play ) an alternative would be system tuner , which offers similar functionality .
gps relies on your device picking up radio signals transmitted by satellites orbiting above us , an awful lot of things can block these relatively weak signals . from pocket gps world : how does the global positioning system work ? buildings , terrain , electronic interference , or sometimes even dense foliage can block signal reception , causing position errors or possibly no position reading at all . gps units typically will not work indoors , underwater or underground . ( my emphasis ) this is the same whether you are using a dedicated gps receiver , or a smart phone , if the radio signal can not get through your device will not be able to pick it up . in addition phones tend to have less sensitive gps receivers than large , powerful , dedicated gps devices with large antennae so there are likely to be marginal places undercover where your phone will not be able to pick up a gps signal when a dedicated device may be able to .
the only way this would happen is if you downloaded the old version of your app before google had " pushed out " the new version you uploaded . if you download an app you will not get anything but the most recent version google has available . i assume you just did not wait quite long enough after uploading before trying to download it .
when doing a complete wipe , you can safely delete all directories off the internal storage . generally , android os will re-create any folders on user areas like internal/external storage if it does not find them . you may want to hold onto ( or at least back up prior to deletion ) media folders like DCIM and Pictures , for example . keep in mind that on different devices camera apps may store photos and videos in other , non-standard directories . and of course do not delete the clockworkmod folder if you wish to keep the nandroid backups you have made previously . under normal operation , .android_secure is the only directory on either internal or external storage that is absolutely necessary . it contains apps that were " moved to sd " via settings ( if external sd card is not present , apps get moved to internal storage instead . ) if this folder is deleted , it will cause instabilities where these apps would not start ( obviously ) , but you may also have trouble uninstalling them from android , and would need to manually remove their left-overs ( the caches , for example . ) another notable directory is Android - it contains data for installed apps .
strictly speaking , you could try to keep your apps around , but it is generally a bad idea . during the install process you will want to wipe the /data partition in order to prevent application crashes and weird permission issues after flashing . if you skip that then your apps and data should hang around , but it causes a lot of strangeness . the best thing to do is simply to backup anything you do not want to lose and then restore it afterwards . you will lose your /system apps because the install process will blow away the partition before copying over the cm files . titanium backup is , in fact , the recommended way to backup your stuff , so you are set there already . also be aware that your google apps ( market , gmail , maps , etc ) will be gone since cm does not have permission to package them with his rom . you can , however , download them here ( bottom of the page ) . i do not believe that is a standard android locale , so you will not have that keyboard on cm ( i do not see it as a choice on my phone ) . you might be able to pull the . apk file from your device and install it , though i would not personally know where it is or what it is name is . if you dig around in /data/app you might be able to find it , though . i generally try to stay on the most recent stable recovery versions , so upgrading is certainly not a bad idea . you can try to do this from rom manager if it has the most recent version available ( 3.2.0.1 as of writing , it looks like ) , otherwise you can find it on xda . updates can be acquired in two ways . one is to buy the premium version of rom manager and use it to download updates . in theory it is supposed to allow you to register for push notifications when a new update is released ( akin to a typical ota ) , but it is still kind of buggy . i can not personally attest to how well this works because i do not use it . the alternative is to simply download the . zip file of the newest version and flash it . you generally do not need to wipe /data or anything when performing incremental updates , only when going from one major version to another ( 6 . x -> 7 . x for example ) , so it is fairly painless . making nand backups before flashing updates is always a good idea , though .
yes . there is nothing magical to restore /system partition to original state . many users gain root access temporarily to remove bloatwares from /system/apps and then unroot . but , remember , if un-rooting method involves flashing /system image , you will lose your changes . so , use proper un-rooting method .
this can have multiple reasons . first thing to look for is always whether a " user app " might have caused this . this can be done by booting into safe-mode : if everything works here , at least the hardware is fine , and the system as well . in that case , next steps would be : boot into recovery-mode , and clear ( wipe ) cache . this is possible on rooted and unrooted devices , each recovery ( stock or custom ) should permit this ( exceptions are quite rare ) . then reboot , and see if the issue is solved . if it is not solved , and your device is equipped with a custom recovery : again boot into recovery , this time wipe the " dalvik cache " . reboot , and check whether the issue is solved now . if none of these two steps brought you any relief , you need to go the " hard way": backup all your apps into single backups ( so you can restore them separate ) , including .apk and data . useful tools for that : adb backup ( see : adb , backup ) and helium backup , or on rooted devices also titanium backup . uninstall apps in reverse order of their installation ( the culprit it is more likely an app you have installed lately , than an app you have installed a year ago ) one-by-one , and after each single uninstall see whether the problem solved . does not hurt to reboot as well ( i.e. . uninstall→reboot→check , next ) . at the point where it starts working again , re-install all apps you have removed ( again one-by-one ) , skipping the last one – as that was most likely causing the issue . if the issue still persists ( or still persisted in safe-mode ) , last resort is a factory-reset . before doing that , make sure your contacts etc . are either synced with your google account , or backed up otherwise ( the apps you have already " secured " with above steps ) . does the issue stay even after this , it is most likely a hardware issue , and you will have to turn in your device for service . if , on the other hand , the factory-reset made it working again , carefully restore from your backups – again one by one , with a reboot in between ( to make sure you do not end up where you have started ) .
just tap the document you are reading . ( note , not a long-tap ; that opens a different menu . ) from page 5 of " getting started with adobe reader . pdf " ( which downloads with the app ) : my pdf documents are in adobe reader . now what do i do ? tap the middle of the screen once to reveal the toolbars . after a few moments , they disappear until you tap again .
you will need to use fastboot , which is provided in the cf-auto-root zip file . note : if you have installed a custom rom or kernel on top of rooting , you will want to flash the necessary stock versions from the nexus 5 stock image with fastboot or possibly through twrp/clockworkmod recovery . in order to re-lock the bootloader : reboot your phone to bootloader mode connect the usb cable to your computer . open a command prompt ( terminal on linux or osx ) navigate to the tools directory inside the unzipped ch-auto-root directory . use the following command , depending on your os . linux : ./fastboot-linux oem lock osx : ./fastboot-mac oem lock windows : fastboot-windows.exe oem lock
the feature is not present in android 4.0.4: it was added in 4.1 .
in your google calendar on the web you can set a default notification period for the events you subsequently set up on the web calendar . in the calendar app provided with gingerbread i do not see any similar default setting but you can set a notification for each event you set up . fyi google has numerous problems with alarms in gingerbread . one is that if you subsequently change an alarm that was set up in the web calendar using the web calendar that change may not sync to the phone . another is that eventually notifications will start coming late and there is no known fix ( in spite of google presumably knowing about it for almost a year although they have only apparently actually acknowledged knowing about it for about six months ) .
as your device supports an external microsd card : take that card , put it into a card-reader ( if you do not have one : now 's the time to buy it ; they come for less than 10 bucks ) , attach the reader to your pc . now , copy the file to the root of the card , safely unmount , then put the card back into your phone . you should be able to flash it then . for what possibly happened : you might have placed the file in the root of the internal sdcard . recovery is looking on the external card .
having " root " just means you have a working su binary installed ( the " su " application is generally just a management front-end for the linux-level binary installed in /system/bin or /system/xbin ) . so , something has gone wrong with the binary , or the way its installed , or its permissions , or its location , or . . . i suspect the apps that still work must have chown'd themselves once at setup time ? so they only need su to work once , and after that they are good to go . if you can connect an adb shell or run an android terminal ( that was just the first play store search hit , i am not endorsing that specific terminal ) , type " su " and see if you get a meaningful error . you can use adb to copy a new su binary over , or just re-"root " the device . see the faq questions here : http://androidsu.com/superuser/faq/
as of now , the checking for ble support has to be done manually by studying specifications and searching on google ( as far as i know ) . see this question on stackoverflow : bluetooth smart ( 4.0 ) / gatt support in android 4.0 ? it states that android does not support bluetooth 4.0 ( le ) out of the box up to android-4.0 ( maybe with jelly bean 4.1 onwards , the nexus 7 tab suggests that ) . manufacturers have to add their own api to allow access to bt le ( e . g . this app is limited to motorola ) . that is why your mileage may vary with different phones up to 4.0 . casio 's bluetooth le enabled watch is also an example of limited ( official ) compatibility ( not even the iphone 4s is mentioned , by the way ) . my best guess is that with more devices having 4.1 the issue will solve by itself and you can find apps showing it . here are lists by manufacturers : motorola htc : good listing not found yet google : galaxy nexus ( not with 4.0 ) , nexus 7 tab
check out this list : proxy , tunnel and co . though it is in german , you already find the relevant apps grouped by their purpose . for vpn , try vpn ( also in german ) . the german language should be no problem concerning mapping apps to the requested topics ( vpn , tunnel , . . . ) , as that part is language-neutral . descriptions can mostly be replaced by those from the play store -- or taken from the linked ( english ) reviews . so basically , all information is there .
never ever flash android rom without wiping data / cache wipe dalvik cache format system ( optional , but requires for some rom ) always read instructions carefully before flashing any rom / mod and reverify whether its for your phone model only . anyway , as you said you are not able to go to recovery mode , therefore there is no use of having a backup . try to reset your phone , ( ie , press power button for approx 7 - 10 sec ) . if nothing works , follow below instructions : take out the battery . put on the back cover . hold both volume + and volume - while plug in the usb cable to a pc . it will automatically get into ftm mode . then flash generic 2.2 firmware on it . after flashing , it may stuck in the ftm loop . put in the battery and flash again . after 2nd flashing , take out the battery for 10 seconds . then put it back . press and hold both power and volume + to boot into android . i have no experience with zte v9 , so i can not hand on step by step tutorial . hope your phone gets well soon . sources : modaco : zte bricked androidforums : zte unbrick manual
i have tried to do this in my own car - here 's my experience with it . from a " hearing the person " perspective , the headphone jack into the car 's speaker system works great . what is even better is that the person does not ( generally ) hear themselves talking either ( no echo or feedback ) . this is using an original moto droid , so your mileage may vary . the problem that i have with this kind of setup is having the person hear me . i still , generally , have to hold the phone up to my mouth for the person on the other side to understand what i am saying . i have found it helps a little bit to enable speaker phone , but then the person sometimes gets the echo feedback . it is really a no-win situation . most likely , you will have to get an aftermarket blue tooth headset .
normally phones should be able to install apps even if they are not signed . normally your friend should be able to install your app . i was able to download the application , and i could also start the installation from the link . make sure that your friends phone has ' unknown sources ' enabled in the security menu ( enable settings > security > unknown sources ) . because otherwise it will also not work ( without using google play == unknown source ) . no offense though , but i did not test all the way through the installation , because i do not trust it well enough and i have no idea what the app actually does . for all i know it is a virus ; - )
to unlock your phone , use galaxsim unlock . you need root for this app . if you do not have root , the app will give you instructions on how to root your phone .
i have the same issue , n7 with 4.2 with an exchange corporate account that forces a password/pin . you are correct that it has to do with corporate account . i removed my corporate account and was able to add widgets , even with the security still set to " password to unlock " . i also changed to pin and slide to unlock and all of them worked as well . i then re-added my corporate account and the widgets that i added were gone and i was unable to add any others . that said it is not a huge issue for me as the only widgets i had the option of adding were clock , gmail inbox , and calendar . clock is already there and i do not want my email/calendar displayed without unlocking the tablet .
i have since found this link that lists 12 currencies supported by the market . they are : canadian dollar swiss franc danish krone euro british pound hong kong dollar japanese yen norwegian krone new zealand dollar swedish krone singapore dollar us dollar no mention of the australian dollar . presumably an oversight ?
go to Settings &gt; application settings &gt; manage application then tap on the app . it'll say the version you are running under the name . you should not have to check though ; if the app in the market does not say " installed " then you do not have the most recent version .
samsung galaxy ace runs at least android version 2.2 and is upgradable to gingerbread , so the device already has the possibility to move apps to the sd card . though , not all apps support this . you can move an app to the sd card by navigating to settings -> applications -> manage applications and click on the app you want to move . then you click the button move to sd card . if you root your device you can move apps that does not support app 2 sd , as well ( except for launchers and widgets which must be installed on internal storage ) . if you are running android 2.2 you can use the desktop program super one click to root . if you are running 2.3 you can read a tutorial here . hope that helps !
i have found the solution ! ! ! it is an old bug that some people are trailing since android 1.6 , and wich is always not actualy corrected ! the solution : you must have only one apn set in your mobile network configuration .
as it turned out , my " raw guess " was a direct hit -- so to make it easier to find for future " searchers " , i make it an answer as promised : this problem is mostly caused by the fact that something got messed up with the apps ' cache and/or data . so what you should try first is : go to settings &rarr ; apps &rarr ; manage apps select your launcher hit the button labeled " clear cache " if that does not solve the issue , take the same steps -- but in the last step hit the " clear data " button ( note : this will reset the launcher configuration as if you just removed the app and did a fresh re-install ) . if you still had no luck , you could simply uninstall and re-install the launcher ( as long as it is not a system app ) . this will do all the above , but additionally remove ( and on re-install re-create ) the apps dalvik cache . count it as " partial factory reset " . having mentioned the dangerous word : a factory-reset can serve as a " last resort " ( as it cleans the entire device ) -- but you would lose all your data that way , and needed to re-configure everything anew . in case you have to do that ( i do not think it is necessary for your case here ) , take care to have a backup of as much of your data as possible .
as my suggestion in above comment seems to be relevant , i hereby convert it to an answer as promised : it might be that is some " cached info " somewhere . you could try walking your apps ( settings &rarr ; apps &rarr ; manage apps ) for all fitting things ( media player , media scanner , es file explorer . . . ) and delete their caches . check whether that solves the issue . if not , you could try to delete data for media player/scanner at the same place ( at least scanner data should be rebuilt on the next scan ; the player would lose its configured preferences when deleting data ) . keep in mind to check all apps ( not just the downloaded section : the latter only applies to the apps you have installed yourself , while the former also includes system apps ) . when you have cleared cache and data , you library might appear empty at first . this is no bug or problem -- it is just the media scanner needs to rebuild its library . this happens on certain events : after a reboot after a re-mount of the sd card ( e . g . plugging it into your computer via usb , then disconnect it again ) when another app triggers it ( take e.g. a look at sdrescan for this ) .
this suggestion assumes familiarity with connecting to the phone via adb i had a similar situation on my previous phone . i was able to pull the important stuff over adb when the phone was in recovery . in my case i had to mount some of the filesystems to access everything i wanted to retrieve . i am not sure if it is dependent on the phone whether the adb service is available in recovery . on mine it was available in both recovery and download mode . if adb on your computer recognizes and can connect to your phone you should be able to retrieve and save any files you need . if you are not familiar with adb this is a good place to start : http://www.xda-developers.com/android/all-in-one-guide-to-adb/ if you need any help with it let me know , adb is a whole other topic so keeping it simple here .
most of the app 's data is stored in internal memory , below /data/data . you cannot access these directories/files directly if your device is not routed ; same applies to moving it elsewhere . but if your device is rooted , the keyword are data2sd , app2sd , and link2sd : app2sd : the " official " way to move your apps to the sdcard ( see : app2sd and its tag-wiki , the latter describing it in more details ) . this method moves a big part of the app itself over to the sdcard . can be used without rooting the device . link2sd : an advanced variant of app2sd . this moves the entire app to the sdcard , and then creates symbolic links to the " original places " -- fooling the system to think " nothing ever happened " . requires the device to be rooted , plus a separate partition on the sdcard . see link2sd and its tag-wiki for more details . data2sd : does not care for the apps , but for their data . also requires the device to be rooted . we have no tag for that , but you might want to look up the corresponding app on google play : root # all data2sd card . .
uninstalling the yahoo weather app worked for me . http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2293566page=2
there is an app which can do it for you . . . try the free one first , and if it works , then buy the full version : ) free : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.free.android.lvhfeature=search_result payed : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.test.android.lvhfeature=search_result#?t=w251bgwsmswxldesimnvbs5urvnulmfuzhjvawqubhzoil0 . have a great day : )
as of 28/03/2013 the difference is that with the free version is limited to a total of 10 downloads ( maps , voice packages , etc ) and does not support offline wikipedia content . i know because i tried the free version and then buyed the plus one to be able to download entire european countries . also i think is a really good application for 7 euros .
indeed the internal filesystem somehow got damaged . to fix this you need access to the filesystem itself , which can be done using adb . ( android debugging bridge ) instructions for connecting to the archos tablets using adb can be found here : http://www.archos.com/support/support_tech/updates_adb.html?country=erlang=en although the description is complete this still sometimes can be hard . you might have to restart your computer a few times , but eventually it is possible . open a command window in the directory containing the adb . exe program ( it is in the ' platform-tools ' directory under the androis-sdk-windows folder ) type : adb shell if the connection is ok , it will start a server and after e few seconds show the ' $ ' prompt . this means you are connected to the tablet and have direct access to the linux shell . if you type ' ls ' you will see a list of folders that contain the operating system and all supporting files that make your tablet work . now navigate to the folder containing the flash file system by typing : cd . /dev/block/vold if you now type ' ls ' again you should see three or four folders that have numbered names . one of them is '31:8' . this is the folder that points to the internal flash . now we can fix our problem by recreating the ms-dos ( fat32 ) file system on this partition . type the following : mkdosfs -f 32 /dev/block/vold/31:8/ this will fix the fat32 filesystem . now leave the shell by typing ' exit ' , disconnect the usb and restart your tablet . on my system this made internal storage re-appear , and after that it also mounted the sd-card . problem solved . many thanks to this post on slatedroid that contained the answer .
it means that the app is checking the play store to see if you have made any in-app purchases that have not yet been activated on that device . it is normal behaviour , you do not need to worry about it .
casting your android device to chromecast is not officially supported . the cast screen tile shows up in certain conditions but at the moment it is not possible to cast your screen . from the original article : the cast screen tile seems to pop up for users of nexus and newer motorola devices when certain chromecast apps have been used , for example allcast . it is triggering something in android related to an incomplete casting feature – that is all we can say for sure . no one has , to our knowledge , gotten this native screen casting feature to work on a stock device – it just crashes when trying to connect to a chromecast . ( . . . ) presumably google will fix this and expose it to users eventually , but right now all you are seeing is a stub of a future feature . update - at google i/o 2014 they announced that screen mirroring is coming in a future update of google play services . it is expected that this will roll out in the next few weeks .
use alarm clock xtreme . its reliable and it has everything you want .
please erase the camera data : Settings -&gt; Application -&gt; Camera -&gt; Clear Data 
you are missing the ratings of users who did not leave comments . a large , significant number of users do not leave comments , but they do rate apps . this is what a developer will see in their dashboard , a breakdown of all ratings of their app : so i have an average rating of about 4.57 out of 331 ratings . however , in the dashboard i only have 6 pages of comments , and each page has up to 20 comments . so i have no more than 120 comments on my app . so you had only be seeing 1/3 of the ratings for my app in particular .
could be a bug in the app , but i rarely use the calendar widget . it is also possible that this has been casued by the time change , or that you are in the afternoon . however , you could try erasing all data on the app , and clearing it is cache , then trying again .
as titanium backup technical faq states : this option tells the market that you do not want to update a specific app . this option is especially useful if you need to unlink wrongly linked android apps from play store , as this article explains .
after many failed tries to reactivate the htc facebook , i have decided to reset to factory defaults . this fixed the issue . now facebook for htc is working fine .
it could be a misbehaving app keeping the device awake ; i have that about once a month with my motorola milestone 2 . did not figure out how to prevent it , but a reboot always solved it . a proposal how to " catch " it , however : there is an app called drainguard available on the playstore . it watches your battery consumption , and gives an alert as soon as it detects a " sudden drop " . this helps to notice the " power drain " before the "5% alert " makes a noise and switches your phone off -- so you can either start investigating while the process is ongoing ( some time left before " full drain" ) , or simply trigger an immediate reboot to " kick the bad guy out " when in a hurry .
you could use e.g. calendar event reminder , and disable notifications in the default/stock calendar . with cer , you can setup reminders for each calendar separately , and even deactivate alerts for calendars you do not want to be alerted for ( in your case , the " work " calendar ) . the added plus is you will never miss an alert anymore , as you can configure cer to annoy you until you shut the alert of manually . i have bought the app when it was still payed , and it never let me down . unfortunately , i do not know of any way to do that with the native calendar -- but at least this is a free solution , though it takes an extra app : )
you can simply use an app like earpiece . it does what you want to do . you can pop earpiece up on top of another application simply by holding down the search key . then check Audio through earpiece on a side note , use at your own risk . playing audio at high volumes , especially for a prolonged amount of time , can damage speakers and/or hearing .
yes install some other tts engine like , this or this . and as the market page says , to enable it : 1 . menu > settings > voice input and output > text-to-speech settings 2 . check " espeak tts " . 3 . set your " default engine " to " espeak tts " .
i wanted to be able to use adb 's ability to simulate touch input to pair a bluetooth mouse to my phone , but it does not seem like this is going to be possible because i am running 4.2+ which requires rsa fingerprint authentication . . . which none of my computers have permission for . i will order a usb 3-way y cable and use a hack version of usb otg to plug in a physical mouse . i can do this because i can use adb through fastboot to temporarily boot a non-touch cwm recovery , then use adb to push the modified kernel img and flash using the non-touch interface , which should then hopefully boot up . since i am on cm10.2 i already know franco kernel causes soft-brick , so hopefully the modified otg stock kernel does not cause soft-brick . once i have the phone fully booted , it should just be a matter of connecting a power source and pointing device to interface with my device .
if your talking within your app , this is impossible as you cannot override the home button even if it is soft or hard button . so a full lock is always impossible . this is to stop rogue app 's taking full control of the phone .
according to this question/answer , the . asec files are actually dm-crypt containers which can be mounted , and contain the unencrypted . apk . the keys are stored in /data/misc/systemkeys/AppsOnSD.sks . the mounting process depends on the tools available , but it can be as simple as running ( on linux ) to mount and umount /your/mountpoint &amp;&amp; cryptsetup close asecmount &amp;&amp; losetup -d /dev/loop0 . you can also access the contents of the . asec file from /mnt/asec/[app-id]/ if you have it already mounted on your device .
the supported media formats page of the android sdk documentation ( under the " core media formats " subsection ) outlines all of the formats that vanilla android supports . audio codecs specifically noted are : aac lc/ltp he-accv1 he-accv2 amr-nb amr-wb flac mp3 midi vorbis pcm/wave as the documentation also notes , manufacturers can provided decoders for additional media formats , meaning that this can potentially vary by device a bit . i am not aware of any simple way to determine which extra formats are supported by a device aside from simply copying a sample over and attempting to play it with the stock music player . similarly , specific apps can potentially provide software decoding for additional codecs . mx player provides codecs in the play store , for example .
in a word : no . in order for all applications on the device to have access to a cifs mount , cifs support needs to be compiled into the kernel ( or at least available as a loadable module ) . i have never seen a device that shipped with such a kernel from the manufacturer . does not mean that they do not exist , i just have not seen them . now , for some devices that have been rooted/unlocked and replacement kernels can be compiled , i have seen kernels made with cifs support built in . once you have cifs support in the kernel , you could use an application like mount manager to handle the system-wide mounts . the applications like es file explorer you have seen with cifs support have their own private implementation . they are unable to mount the share into the global namespace such that other apps could take advantage .
i use photowonder for this .
for what adb backup does , you might wish to see our backup tag-wiki . basically , depending on the command line switches used , it backs up apps ( .apk ) and their data . as for the second part of your question , you might wish to see is there a way to look inside and modify an adb backup created file ? yes , it is possible extracting parts of it , and yes , titanium backup is one of the apps capable of this . other ways are described in the linked question . also worth a look : how do you extract an app 's data from a full backup made through “adb backup” ? partial adb restore backup and restore android settings and application through adb
while it sounds strange that there should be no keyboard present , and as trivial as it might sound : simply installing an alternative keyboard from the playstore should fix that . take e.g. hacker 's keyboard , which is a very flexible one , and well rated ( i am using it myself on my tablets ) . simply install it , and its settings should turn up at the place you have described . optionally , add the dictionaries for the languages you like to have them ( see the keyboard 's playstore page , some are directly linked to the app ) . do it from a pc/laptop as you currently have no keyboard available on your device , it might be difficult/impossible to use the playstore app on the device itself to install the above . you can still install it : on your laptop/pc , open a web browser and go to https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.pocketworkstation.pckeyboard log in with the credentials of the google account you use on your device click the " install " button , accept the permissions for the app ( they are ok ) the keyboard will be pushed to your device once the installation has finished ( you can see this in your device 's notification area ) , you can go to the described place ( settings → language and input → keyboards and input methods ) and make the new keyboard the default input method . with that final step , you problem should be solved . no google-account configured on the device ? in this case , installation via the web interface cannot work either , as the app-to-be-installed cannot be pushed to the device . still , there is something you can do : on your pc/laptop : visit the hacker 's keyboard project 's download page and download the .apk file to your computer if you do not have any file manager on your android device : you will need the android sdk installed , or at least a " mini variant " ( the adb/adb.exe binary and , on windows , its helper .dll files -- check the adb tag and its wiki for details , and see qtadb for a simple , user-friendly variant working on windows , mac and linux ) when on windows : make sure you have the drivers for your android device installed on your android-device : enable unknown-sources to activate side-loading ( settings&rarr ; security : check " unknown sources" ) if you do not have a file-manager app on your android device : enable adb debugging ( settings&rarr ; development : check usb-debugging ) connect your android device with your pc/laptop via usb cable to install your .apk . . . if you have a file-manager app on your android device : simply copy the .apk to your device as you usually copy files there use your file-manager app to navigate to the .apk " tapp " the .apk file 's entry . after asking your confirmation , the app will be installed . skip all below -- you are done . if you do not have a file-manager app on your device : use pm install via the adb command-line to install the .apk on your android device ( see xda-developers for more details on this -- usually it should be adb pm install /path/to/download/*.apk , replace the /path/to/download part with the full directory name of where you saved the .apk to ) .
no not every android phone does this but it is done in many htc phones . the reason is simple : memory usage . here is the breakdown : when the system is running out of memory , the inbuilt task killer of the system automatically kicks in and checks to see if it can stop an application and recover some ram . htc sense devices employ a launcher that is " heavy " and often uses up a lot of memory so when the task killer sees you are not using your launcher and knows it needs the ram for another app , it kills the launcher . thus , when you hit the home button or quit the app , the launcher has to re-initialize . tips : do not use a task-killer if you dont have a low end device . android already has a built-in one that kills apps and does it safely . using apps such as " advanced taskkiller " actually mess with the way the system kills apps and actually can cause more force closes and system instability in the long run . additionally , the more ram the system has , the more the launcher uses to cache stuff it needs . this is good because the launcher becomes more responsive and fast as its using a cached copy instead of grabbing it all over again . if you clear the cache constantly , it needs to re-cache the items and so it will be less responsive . use a lighter launcher . sense might be good but there are more rock solid and light launchers such as launcher pro that wont experience this problem . you dont need a new phone with more ram . trust me , 1gb of ram is more than enough with the right system . : )
an ruu is a windows executable file ( htc currently does not support mac or linux ) that installs a rom to your device . it will overwrite the following partitions : system ( the /system mountpoint ) boot ( the /boot mountpoint ) recovery user data ( the /data mountpoint , this means you lose all of your personal data ) it may update your radio image ( if newer ) you use an ruu by simply connecting your phone and running the executable file . i belive htc sync may also be required , but i have not done this in a while . the reason this unroots your device is sort of twofold , though it depends on your exact configuration . first , the su binary and superuser app are typically installed to your system partition when you root . since this is overwritten with a stock version of the partition , those two things will not be present . this prevents you from making calls to the su binary which is needed to grant root permissions to an app . secondly , the boot partition has a flag which defines whether or not adbd ( that is , the adb daemon ) runs with root permission , called ro.secure . the default value for this on a stock boot image is 1 , which means that it is not running as root ( so 1 represents " yes , it is secure" ) . many custom roms set this to 0 so that you can immediately get a root prompt when you use adb shell , and also so that you can execute privileged commands without the need for a shell ( i.e. . adb pull ) . per your last question , i do not think you can run an improper ruu , but i have never tried . it does go through a verification process before the upload , at which point i assume that it checks to ensure that you have the proper device and whatnot . my guess would be that the verification would fail if you tried to use one on a device it was not designed for . if you want more information , i managed to dig up a pdf from htc 's site which outlines how to use an ruu on the htc magic ( rogers wireless version ) . the steps are generally the same for any android device , though . also of note , there is an open-source program which is designed to provide the same functionality while being cross platform . it is simply called htcflasher , and i have not used it myself . you can find it on google code if it is of interest to you .
yes , you can install all the apps you buy from the amazon appstore on any device which is linked to that amazon account . it operates just like paid apps in the android market which are available to all the devices associated with that particular google account . i have 3 android devices and all they are all linked to the same amazon account and the same google account and when i purchase an app through the market or the appstore i have it on all three devices .
use this app . it does exactly what you want : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.nezdroid.lockscreenprotector
the " market " to " play " renaming is just a re-branding of the store . it will not change any of the underlying availability or features . you will have to ask google ( good luck ! ) about if/when additional feature will be made available in india . so there is nothing to be gained by " upgrading " , other than satisfying the google marketing department . here are some details from the google play faq :
what software do i need to add to do this or can it be done with the built-in software ? all software for it is built-in . look through Setting-&gt;Wireless &amp; networks menu . there must be items like Portable Wi-Fi hotspot and Portable Wi-Fi hotspot settings
one of the comments with 9 likes in the video says : Settings &gt; More settings &gt; Under file/data\ufeff transfer, turn off NFC
sms messages are stored in data/data/com.android.providers.telephony/databases/mmssms.db . if you can not see it in your root explorer ( or it is to small ) , try rebooting your device or simply - connect your phone to the computer and copy that file ( using e.g. adb ) on it and i am sure you will be able to read it properly .
there is a flag that people can set on their youtube videos to allow or disallow those videos to be played on a mobile device . what you are seeing when you try to access those videos is that the person has set the flag to ' disallow ' .
adobe reader does not seem to have that feature . why not try ezpdf reader ? it supports whole word searches .
there are some solutions available on the playstore . one of them is traccar ( the link belongs to the android client ) , which logs to a traccar server you can define . the server software is open source ( at least that is what the app description claims ) , so you can use it on your own server . written in java , it should run on most operating systems . for more details on this , you might want to check with the traccar website .
you may have a bad sd card , try a new one ( they are cheap anyway ) . the md5 sums are generally computed after the backup has been done ( assuming everything went fine ) . i.e. the process up to cwm 5 . x is ( cwm 6 . x is different due to dedupcication ) : cwm generates a backup and stores it then md5sums of all of the above files are computed the md5sums are also stored in a single file the hard work is all done in ( 1 ) , steps 2/3 are just a single md5sum computation per file and a final store of those in another file . if the md5sums mismatch the backup files there must be a problem with your storage eventually ( most probably ) . what is also possible : do not rip out the battery and reboot , use cwm 's reboot option ( files may have not been written do disk fully yet ) .
any 4-pin 3.5 mm stereo jack should work fine for straight sound but headsets with controls are a little more difficult . many are proprietary . if it claims to be universal it may work but if it is designed for apple or nokia it probably wont . basically , on a 4-pin jack it all depends on which ring the headset maps to which control . i could not find a droid x pinout diagram but i believe motorola uses the standard layout . this site has a pretty comprehensive list of the different pinout mappings and a lot of them are the same but a lot are proprietary . if in doubt , i would look for a set advertised to work with the droid x .
unfortunately , yes . for now , that is how google has created the maps application ; you cannot use maps ( or navigation ) without internet access . there are other apps that exist , though , that allow you to download maps for use offline . sygic and navfree , for example , both allow you to store maps on your device and then only require a gps fix to give you turn-by-turn directions . note you still need internet ( wifi or data network ) to download the maps the first time , but after that , you are free to shut data off .
afaik , defaults on android is not preserved if apps that use the intent are changed . workaround : use intent to launch the application or its activity screen . intent is comparatively reliable though it may be changed when app is updated . take sending email as an example install intent intercept ( google play ) clear the defaults of email client choose " intent intercept " in share menu when sending email copy intent details of your desired application activity open tasker to " create task": misc > send intent edit the parameters ( usually fill in the action and extra is enough ) ref : http://tasker.dinglisch.net/userguide/en/intents.html p.s. some famous companies even provide you the intent details on their developer website , such as evernote .
njoy is a very good app as well , it uses wifi but you can just use your own hotspot if you are not using wifi atm and turn off data if you do not want extra charges .
google now , you can disable in the settings of the " search " app .
most updates will not erase your data . the kernel and /system partition can usually be updated without the filesystem needing to be wiped , so your data folders are not damaged . if the wifi network data is not erased , then your phone should connect to wifi after the upgrade , and you are good to go . i can not find any info on what happens when upgrading to rc33 , for example , but official updates usually do not wipe data . the update might also eliminate the no-sim-so-you-can not-do-anything problem .
i think the conventional wisdom is that honeycomb is a fork for tablets only but this post suggests otherwise . it says that in an interview with engadget , matias duarte claimed that honeycomb would be for all form factors .
the only solution i have found and seems to be working with more than one services , is to make sure that i leave open in the task manager the applications i do not want to be closed down . this is not a bulletproof approach , but it works for hours or even days ( at least in my case ) and it is much faster than manually changing oom priority ( only to find out that oom changes back after a while by the system itself ) . ideal solution would be an application that monitors oom of services specified by the user and making sure it is kept at certain levels , but i have not found any that can do that until now .
well the answer seems to be to use weather underground 's ical subscription . it shows up and it gives you more complete weather info . only downside- it does not automatically pick up your location , it is hardcoded to a specific location .
there are a number of factors that determine if a video will play on android : it has to be the correct codec - see this list it has to either be small enough to download entirely before playing or be encoded in a form that allows streaming . chances are the problem you are seeing is that the codec the videos are encoded in is not supported , so yes , re-encoding with ffmpeg or mencoder or something similar into one of the supported video codecs may well work . to enable streaming , if you first encode it as an mp4 file then pass it through something like mp4box it will tag it for streaming so yuo can play longer video clips on android .
have a look at the following issue with the apps that are installed on sd card after reinserting the sd card i was one of the hard user of link2sd application . what i observed from this app is that you should not remove your sd card once you have applications on your sd card . while phone booting some of the applications gets initialized . if the phone system does not find the sd card and its applications then it is going to break the link between the sd card applications and the system . you might be seeing those applications on Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage Applications but they will not be accessible . to answer your question there might be a way but not known to all . you can mail the developer of link2sd mentioning the issue . they might give you a solution .
this issue is caused by the fact that the android chrome browser does not understand utf-8 encoding . i was utf-8 encoding the file names since the desktop version of chrome requires this . it turns out that file names do not need to be utf-8 encoded for non-ascii characters for the android chrome browser . i was able to successfully download a file using android chrome with korean characters in it without encoding it with utf-8 .
here 's how i did it : go into camera as if you were taking a picture go into settings ( gear ) on top left scroll down to storage change to memory card
you can use handcent app as the default ringtone picker . to set handcent as default ringtone picker , go to settings | applications | manage applications | all | android system ( sound picker for se phones ) click ' clear defaults ' button . after this , when you are choosing a ringtone , you will be presented with a dialog box asking you to select one of the application as ringtone picker . enable the ' use by default for this action ' check-box and select handcent . this will set handcent as your default ringtone picker .
the sim lock stuff is in a separate rom chip that is not part of the normal phone storage , afaik . it is manufacturer/device dependent . definitely nothing to do with the baseband ( and you can certainly flash other basebands ) .
not with the gmail app that comes with the phone , no . but , if you really wanted this , you could do it like so : create a new gmail account , like emailsfrommyfriendjohnsmith@gmail.com. setup the new gmail account in your android phone , and enable notifications . in the gmail web interface , set up a filter in your current gmail account that has all email from your friend forwarded to the new email address . ( you will still see these emails in your regular inbox . ) voila !
your best solution would be to " root " your device ( see here if you do not know what rooting is ) . basically " rooting " your phone will give you permission to do anything on your phone . you might find it strange but currently , you are not allowed to do many things with your phone even if you own it : ) anyways , getting back to the point . you can do the following things to make life easier for you:- remove some of the pre-installed applications which you do not use:- after rooting , you will be able to remove pre-installed applications . remove all of them which you do not use . you can use titanium backup for this purpose . integrate update of pre-installed apps:- some of these pre-installed applications ( including google applications such as gmail , play store , chrome , etc . ) receive an update at a later point of time . when they get updated , their old version does not get removed . they are still taking up space . after rooting you will be able to integrate the update so that older copies get actually replaced by new versions . you can use same titanium backup for this also . move as many apps as possible to sd card:- after rooting , you will be able to move any application to sd card . again , titanium backup to your help .
when you invoke the adb backup command , this is the screen popping up on your device : the button you would need to hit is " back up my data " . so after invoking the command , wait for 3 . . 5 seconds to be sure the screen is " loaded " , then hit the area on the lower-right where the button should be . the backup process then should start immediately . even if you see nothing happen , give it another 30s or so , then check ( from a different terminal/command shell ) ; you should see your backup file growing then .
yes , with firefox mobile . the search plugins from addons.mozilla.com can be installed directly in firefox mobile . if the search plugins from addons.mozilla.com do not cut it , shortmarks . com lets you make your own search plugins to save on your firefox install . this guide might help .
this app cleaners a lot of the cache http://www.appbrain.com/app/android-assistant(14-features)/com.advancedprocessmanager# although does not automatically detected unneeded files it will let you delete them manually .
there is qtadb which uses adb . you can also install an ssh or ftp server on the phone and then use nautilus with ssh://ip-or-name-of-your-phone/ or ftp://ip-or-name-of-your-phone/ urls ( you can create bookmarks in nautilus ) . the cool thing about a standard ssh or ftp server on your phone is that you do not have to install anything special on the computer . i use quicksshd on the phone , but there are also other ssh servers available ( search the market , please ) . ftp servers i know are swiftp and ftpserver . i did not test these with nautilus yet , but they should work .
regarding your first 2 questions ( reboot / suspend ) : no this is not normal , however , as a lot of software from a lot of different vendors are running on your phone , it is inevitable that under certain conditions certain apps can cause your phone to " crash " . in an ideal world , no piece of software should be able to crash the underlying os and the phone , however , most likely , difficult to reproduce bugs with the underlying android os can lead to phone reboots . regarding the lag . there is a known issue with the samsung galaxy s and the " lagging " . checkout the links below for more info on the actual issue , and some fixes ( all require rooting your phone unfortunately ) . updating the android version to > 2.1 does not seem to resolve the issue . samsung is aware of this issue , but does not seem to have any plans in fixing it ( probably focusing on their new flagship phone ) . it is an outrage that users need to resort to all kinds of hacks on their 500$ phone to get it running properly . http://crave.cnet.co.uk/mobiles/how-to-speed-up-your-samsung-galaxy-s-with-the-voodoo-lag-fix-50002228/ http://www.groovypost.com/howto/mobile/most-common-lag-fixes-for-samsung-galaxy-s-captivate-vibrant-fascinate-epic-4g/
android does not have a default memo application , but most android app stores their database in /data/data/PACKAGE_NAME/databases/ . some applications write their data to the sdcard instead , so you might want to check that as well .
the official sony page says it has flash preinstalled ( look on the " in business " tab , " fast and full internet " section ) . the xperia mini pro meets the specs for adobe air , so i see no reason to believe you could not download air as well .
adb backup archives are a " all or nothing " solution when it comes to restore – which is what the " unsafe warning " is about . considering your circumstances , here are a few points to consider : do one " full backup " excluding your system apps cannot hurt , so you could restore that as-is . note , hoever , that this most likely also excludes data of system apps , which might include apns , contacts , calendars , etc . use e.g. helium backup ( no root required ) to create adb compatible backups of all your apps separately , so you can restore them separately . this can of course also be done on the command line ( specifying the package names ) , but this app makes it much more comfortable . create a full adb backup nevertheless , including everything ( except -shared , as data from your ( internal ) sdcard can be copied on file-level using any file manager ) . though you probably might not wish to directly restore it , you might still have use for it considering you are after rooting in the first place , here 's the background for my recommendations : if you succeed rooting your device , and have no side effects , all the above backups just gave you a " good feeling " , and you have no current need for them . but hey , it did not hurt ; could well be one of the following things happened : if you succeeded rooting , but had to factory-reset the device due to some side-effects , you could either use helium ( or adb restore ) to restore selected apps from their separate archives , or use adb restore to restore all of your user-space-apps in one run . but you could also use titanium backup to extract selected apps/data from the complete backup , and also restore some system data that way . if rooting failed , and you have to factory-reset your device , you at least can restore your user-space-apps and their data from that archive , or chose to only restore selected apps as described above . as for the size of 22 mb : that could be fine , or could be too small – depending on what apps you have installed , and how much data they have ; there are no absolutes for " user-apps-only " backups ( except of course for 0 byte files when you have at least 1 app installed ) .
with lbe privacy guard you can block positioning permissions for certain apps . you can download it here : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.lbe.security.lite it is important to note that lbe does require your phone to be rooted .
i would not want to call motoblur or htc sense just " skins " -- they are not a suite of visual enhancements , but an entire app suite that sits on top of the os . they are full-fledged graphical user interfaces with additional custom apps , virtual keyboards , widgets , etc . so , as to the benefits ? i like sense - its my major ui on the incredible , but i have also used my wife 's aria . the sense ui is cleaner and smoother ( hardware speeds aside ) . the custom widgets are smoothly integrated and have more features . other than the htc mail and messaging apps having a possible memory leak issue [ i replaced their use with k9 and gmail , and handcent ] , i have been pleased with sense . a smooth , consistent user experience with the interface can make using it better . it is not the be-all end-all -- despite the recent ms winmo7 commercials -- but it is nice .
it is not intended to hide the system bar ( combined soft button/notification bar ) on tablets . imagine the bar is hidden and the app you are currently using does not offer an option to exit . -> your are stuck within this app . some custom roms offer the option to hide the bar . general option would be to use some third-party-apps like hide bottom bar or full ! screen which can disable the bar somehow . unfortunately these apps require root .
you are going to need to install a sense-based rom . cyanogenmod is basically a customized build of the android open source project ( aosp ) code , which is released in source form by google . they use only open source components , and sense is a proprietary , closed source ui made by htc . installing a rom with sense is very easy , though . the procedure will be just like flashing cm - boot into recovery and flash a . zip file with the rom that you want ( alternatively , install via rom manager , whatever you prefer ) . there are custom sense roms as well as " stock " rooted roms floating around . the xda boards have a handful of each . you can find a rooted stock rom here , though , if you are looking to go back to the original system as provided by htc ( but retaining root ) . edit : i answered this under the assumption that you have no backups to work with , but if you used clockworkmod to create a backup of your system before installing cm7 ( which is highly advised for any future readers out there ! ) , you can restore that backup and . . . well , be back where you were on a stock rooted system . after all , that is the point of the backup !
the only work around for that problem is , to use this app -> cloudmagic ( https://cloudmagic.com ) solved my problem but it would be reate when google will fix this for the stock email app .
set wi-fi sleep policy to " never " for android 4.0 ( ice cream sandwich ) and later : 1 ) navigate to menu > settings > wifi and select the menu button again . 2 ) select options , advanced 3 ) set “keep wifi on during sleep” to “always”
so finally i was able to fix this weirdo . since this answer doesnt really tell what was causing this . i will remark any further answers if they can tell what was the problem i will just describe what i did . root your device install clean master give it the root access ( it will ask itself ) remove all bloatware run cleaning routines hope that it helped you
the main difference that i can see is the type of accounts that are supported : the gmail app is limited to accounts from google : username@gmail.com read and respond to your conversations online and offline manage multiple accounts view and save attachments set up label notifications email app : username@your_domain.com the main feature is that it works with all email providers , but its a very basic app , you can send and receive emails , but no search capabilities present .
what are my options for recovery images ? is there anything besides clockworkmod or amon ra ? a third popular option is teamwin recovery project , usually referred to as twrp . if i go with either one , how do i get it installed ? since your bootloader is unlocked , you can use fastboot to install a recovery if you download it in . img format . you do this by downloading the recovery image to your computer , plugging in your phone , and executing : fastboot flash recovery /path/to/recovery.img  from a pc command prompt while your device is booted into fastboot mode . alternatively , clockworkmod and twrp can both be installed from apps on rooted devices . for clockworkmod you can use rom manager and select the " flash clockworkmod recovery " menu option . twrp can be installed using goomanager by selecting the " install openrecoveryscript " option in the app 's settings menu . a third option is to get a copy of the recovery you want in a bootloader-flashable zip file . for the evo it will be a file named pc36img . zip . you put it on the root of your phone 's sd card and then reboot into your bootloader and it should flash it for you . i know that amon ra has been distributed in this format , but i am not sure about the others .
i had this issue - it is not that a fix does not come , it is just that it is taking a very long time to get a fix . this is due to the lack of the downloaded agps data - it can not download the data , and so has to rely on solely gps satellited , which takes ages . if you have been disconnected from the internet for a while , then you will suffer from these effects . agps data is cached for a few days , or when you change location , so if you just disconnected , gps should work for a while afterwards . ( you should also check to make sure that the google system is enabled for location use )
did you download wireless tether from the market or from http://code.google.com/p/android-wifi-tether/ ? if you are running android 2.1 you need to take the extra steps listed here : http://code.google.com/p/android-wifi-tether/wiki/setup_htc_desire_incredible if you are running 2.2 then in theory it should just work . i would first try the latest release candidate here : http://code.google.com/p/android-wifi-tether/downloads/detail ? name=wireless_tether_2_0_5-rc2 . apk and can=2 and q= let me know how it works out .
now , the only option you have : flash rom over usb using odin ( if you have windows pc ) . you can find firmware files for your device on internet ( look xda forum ) .
i believe you backed up from recovery , correct ? if that is the case , then the backup should contain everything that was on your phone before the backup -- apps , saved games , etc . so restoring the backup should have restored angry birds and its save data , as long as that was present before the backup . titanium can back up the app , the app 's data , or both . it does require root . non-root users have to deal with recovery backups , which are not as flexible since you can not restore only bits and pieces -- it is all or nothing . of course , the sd card is easy to back up ( plug it into a computer ) and some apps may allow you to export data . you had have to ask rovio why they chose not to use a database , but i would guess it is because the save data is so simple . if you open the file it is almost human-readable text . even easier to back up than a database .
you can bypass the sim card requirement by playing with the boot options : load boot menu by holding the volume down button while starting the phone . press the volume down button until the option " boot android ( no bp ) " appears at the top of the screen . press the volume up button to select this option . on load , the phone will bypass the no sim card screen next , you can either register for a motoblur account or skip it by entering the following keys into the virtual keyboard ( press and hold the menu key to bring up the keyboard ) : ? 123 alt abc e ? 123 alt abc e b l u r o f f luckily , this process only needs to be performed once . it looks like the phone remembers this boot option for next time : ) thanks to xda for the motoblur bypass steps !
by workspace you mean homescreen ? you could try a custom launcher , like apex or nova , which allow you to backup your homescreens .
some options : try hitting menu -> refresh in gmail , there should be a notification prompting you to re-enter the password . if it is in the notification bar , pull it down and click it . clear the cache and data for all google apps on your phone : gmail , gmail storage , google framework services , talk , accounts , play store , etc . via Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications -&gt; All . if your phone lets you , go to Settings -&gt; Accounts and sync and remove and re-add the account .
my suspicion that rom manager does not support sd-ext backup is quite confirmed with my experience . while looking for alternatives , i understood that there are these three recoveries available : clockwork mod recovery ( cwm ) amon ra recovery teamwin recovery ( twrp ) i tried the twrp 2.2.2.1 from its xda thread and i am glad to inform that it did back up my ext3 partition . other than this benefit , i have a touch interface which is much easier in par with cmw 's user interface .
based on what i have read so far , this may be a bluetooth issue . some people have fixed the issue by : using only 1 bt device . if you have connected both a bt keyboard and bt mouse , disable one of them . disabling wi-fi . having both wi-fi and bt seems to trigger a repeating key issue . using external keyboard helper pro . it has a do not repeat option . link to app . at the end of the thread , it mentions that bt was re-engineered in android 4.2 . so if you upgrade to 4.2 , that should fix the issues you are having .
the galaxy s plus ( i9001 ) needs an external power source to have a working usb otg . see this link on xda for more information ( it is for the i9000 , but does also apply ) . according to gsmarena 's spec ( usb : yes , microusb v2.0 ) the i9001 firmware does not originally support usb-otg ( compare the s3 's spec , but 3rd party firmware added this later on . it does however not function without external 5v power .
the gmail app now does notifications based on “labels” instead of having global notification settings . that way you can have different settings per label . so , if you go to the inbox label ( i think ) , you can set the sound there…
eduardo you are right , there is already a way to do this with the standard messaging app . you have to disable the " group messaging " setting in the messaging app . not sure if this setting is available on all versions of android but i have v4.4.2
as long as you log in to the new device with the same google account that you use on the incredible you will have access to all the apps that you purchased / downloaded . you will not have to purchase them again . the android market is tied to your google account , not the device .
no im sorry , but chrome for android needs hardware acceleration , so until google change that ( i dont think thats gonna happen sorry ) you can not do that . but maybe in the future . sorry , i know it was not the answer you really wants to hear . . .
yes you can lagfix without rooting by flashing a kernel like voodoo through odin . but this will void your warranty anyways . if it helps , the sgs phones are very easy to unroot and revert to stock to hide what you did .
no . as reported and commented on by various users , there is no exfat support built in to android , so the nexus s will not read the disk .
i was able to use a samsung driver . go to device manager , find the android device , and select update driver software . select browse my computer for driver software select let me pick from a list of device drivers on my computer select adb interface from the list select samsung android adb interface ( this is a signed driver ) . if you get a warning , select yes to continue . done ! for good measure , i ran adb kill-server and adb start-server . then when i ran adb devices i finally saw a device listed so i fired up intellij and all is good in the world again !
best answer i have found so far : you could try clearing all data from the keyboard . Menu&gt;Settings&gt;Applications&gt;Running Applications then tap All . scroll down and find Internation Keyboard ( if thats the one you are using ) and Clear Data . source : sony ericsson support forum of course , it will also set the keyboard to the original settings . anyway , i would like to find a way to remove some misspellings and not all the learned words , so if somebody knows how to do it , i will be glad to hear from it .
some htc devices that are unlocked using htc-dev ( rather than actually gaining s-off ) required to manually flash the boot . img that you extract from the rom 's zip using fastboot . fastboot flash boot "c:\location\to\boot.img" 
there is a thread on google groups that covers this issue . by the answer provided by analikeslattes , this is being considered and possible prepared by google staff since 5/1/12: android instant upload to drive hi all , thanks for your input . we have heard many requests along these lines , and are definitely looking into potential solutions on our end . i will do my best to keep this forum updated once relevant features start to become available . in the meantime , please keep posting your requests about the drive android app ! we are always excited to hear from our users . cheers , ana as far as i can tell , this is not yet implemented and a year has passed . since both applications are from google and they alone can take the necessary steps to have this feature implemented properly , i would suggest to you and any interested person to visit the thread and leave the " feature-wish " there . app suggestion while it would be great to have a native solution for this problem , oliver salzburg commented on my post at google+ about this issue refering the app suggested bellow , that i have just now tested and is working beautifully sending all of my files to my desired destination on the google drive . foldersync lite foldersync is a application that enables simple sync to cloud based storage to and from local folders on the device memory card . it currently support multiple skydrive , dropbox , sugarsync , ubuntu one , box .net, livedrive , hidrive , google docs , netdocuments , amazon s3 , ftp , ftps , sftp , webdav or windows share ( samba/cifs ) accounts , and support for more platforms are planned . you do not need more than 5 minutes to complete the 3 basic steps : add your google drive account add a folderpair start the sync process
you should first dismount the card . you can do this via Settings -&gt; SD card and phone storage -&gt; Unmount SD card . you can certainly corrupt data and cause application crashes if you do not do this first .
it would seem as the only solution is to install adw launcher , as suggested in the other question . and no , you do not need root to install adw launcher . if you do decide to change launcher to adw launcher , here 's a link on how to lock the screen on the complete guide to adw . launcher
that sounds like a bad sd card . insist doing that over and over again , with sound files and movie files as well .
i ended up looking at cyanongenmod 's source code and figured out how they did it . here is my working . sh script : echo 'boot-recovery ' &gt; /cache/recovery/command echo '--update_package=/sdcard/update.zip' &gt;&gt; /cache/recovery/command reboot recovery 
disable the google contacts sync app ( Settings -&gt; Apps -&gt; All -&gt; GoogleContactsSyncAdapter -> disable ) and reboot , then try adding a contact again . if this does not help and you have rooted your android then you can delete /system/app/GoogleContactsSyncAdapter.apk with a file browser ( but take a backup first ! ) . either way , next time you create a contact you should be informed that the contact will be stored locally . as far as i can tell this will not break anything else . however , if you also use another account with sync function like microsoft exchange ( for hotmail ) , you will have to remove that one too . ( in case of microsoft exchange , it is best to remove the entire account , because just disabling the app prevents you from receiving emails anyway . source
the permissions manager feature of android is not complete yet and strictly speaking it should not be accessible . in 4.4.2 google have removed the method that apps such as app ops and app ops 4.3 / 4.4 kitkat used . as far as i know there is currently no way to access this any more . you will have to wait for google to finish implementing it and provide a built-in method to access , or wait for someone to find another way to access it . quote from color tiger the developer of one of the apps on androidpolice : still not working , but here 's a quick update : see line 309 - those are the allowed fragments that can be shown . appops was in that commit 3 days ago ( line 329 ) , but in the 4.2.2 build that is being sent out that line is removed ( we have decompiled the settings . apk ) . we are looking for a possible different entry point ( another activity to accept commands to load the appopssummary fragment ) , but it does not look good . update : apparently google uses app ops as an internal testing and debugging tool – it was never designed to be seen by end users , which is why it was not given a spot in the system settings , or even the developer options . source
ok the problem was simple and stupid . supersu had denied link2sd its root access permanently , i must have clicked on denied once . . . enabled root access for link2sd and everything was working fine .
it appears it is just not possible to sync messages without any label whatsoever , even in android 4 . *
give this a go : try to stay away from magnetic fields as far as you can open gps essentials and tap on compass ( calibration will not work when the compass is not showing ) put the phone on a flat surface with the display pointing up move the phone slowly , 5 seconds per full rotation is ok rotate the phone three full cycles around the axis pointing upward rotate the phone three full cycles around the axis pointing away from you rotate the phone three full cycles around the axis pointing right the direction of rotation does not matter this should fix your problem . credit to lepidas on xda
there is no limit . from google support : downloading previously purchased and downloaded apps when you download a paid or free app on google play , the app is connected to your google account , meaning that you get several benefits : if you get a new device , remove an app to free up space , or reset your device , you can reinstall the app without purchasing it again . if you have multiple devices , you can install the app on all of your devices without purchasing the app again . you can quickly find free or paid apps that you previously downloaded .
it turned out that mount is not actually supplied by busybox , but by toolbox . with this knowledge , it was easy to track down the cause of the bug : unlike busybox , since i do not have another " toolbox " implementation with a correctly working mount command , it is likely that the behavior would've been easy to see from the code . in fact the problem is here at line 330 : it checks if type == NULL , but then outputs an USAGE that erroneously shows -t as optional compare with busybox at line 1930 : // Loop through filesystem types until mount succeeds
the solution is to buy a galaxy tab . my nexus is dead . asus not even accepts it to make a diagnostic . the " global " warranty is not valid in brazil . by a better quality product from a company that respect their users .
slashgear has an article with a set of pictures showing the internals of the archos 7 , slashgear : archos 7 home tablet clears fcc picture 6 on this page has the wifi module and antenna labelled , unfortunately as i do not have one i can not quite work out the orientation of the parts in that picture as to how they relate to the full device , you might be able to . there are also a number of videos on youtube and elsewhere on the web of it being taken to pieces by owners where you can see the internals , search for something like " archos 7 disassembled " to find them .
some android phones , like the nexus one , have special contacts that tell the os when the phone has been docked . the desire actually does not have these so can not automatically detect that it has been docked . car home can still be launched manually . another option is to look at an app like tasker . you could configure car home to be launched when certain conditions are met , like the phone is on charge and in a vertical position ( so docked ) . there are many other ways you could use tasker for this .
summing up from the comments on the question itself , so it does not " get lost": as ce4 pointed out : the READ_LOGS permission requested by the app grants it access to the system logs , which might include sensitive information logged by other apps ( also system apps ) . however note , that this specific problem has been adressed by google with jelly bean onwards ( apps can only read their very own logs , and not everything in the log since then ) . so the READ_LOGS permission on android 4.1+ is safe . you can install the app without fear on jelly bean devices ( but not ics and below ) . pdroid if one has cyanogenmod ( or a compatible rom ) installed , there is the option to use pdroid in one of its incarnations . visit the xda-developers for information on . . . the openpdroid autopatcher , working on linux , macosx , and meanwhile also windows . with this tool you can patch a rom image so it will contain the pdroid functionality . the openpdroid project . this thread gives you detailed information on what openpdroid is , what it does , what features it includes , and more . pdroid 2.0 , which now also offers support for stock roms . tons of screenshots there , for sure an interesting read ! still , pdroid is nothing for android newbies to install -- it is not like just picking an .apk and go . all pdroid incarnations require you to patch an existing rom image file , which you then must flash to your device . so no easy-go . lbe lbe privacy guard , on the other hand , can just be installed straight from the playstore if you run android 4.0 or below . there are issues with jellybean like e.g. boot-loops , so do not install the playstore version on jellybean devices ! at least not if it was not updated may 2013 or later . you have been warned ! for jellybean users , again xda is a good source : some busy members took care to translate the chinese lbe安全大师 ( lbe security master ) to different languages . the thread can be found here , and this version does not boot-loop jellybean . xprivacy xprivacy is pretty new in this area ( i just discovered it recently , after i wrote this answer -- so i felt the need to update it ) . as with the other mentioned solutions , it requires a rooted device . in order to install the app , you also need a custom recovery such as e.g. clockworkmod or twrp . xprivacy is based on the xposed-framework , so you will need that as well . requiring android 4.1 or higher , this seems a nice option for those having used lbe privacy guard before , and do not want to use the overloaded lbe security master on jellybean . from its behavior it is comparable to lbe : on a per-app basis , permissions can be set separately . in most cases , if you " revoke " a permission , " fake data " will be served instead -- with two exceptions , where this seems not to be possible ( internet and external storage ) . more details can be found on the project page . cyanogenmod , paranoid android , and co . with privacy guard cm 10.1 nightlies and onwards of cyanogenmod as well as paranoid android already ship with a privacy guard , which lets you define what apps should be placed into " incognito mode " . while that is better than nothing , it is just an on/off switch : either the app is put into " incognito " , or it is not . no selective withdrawal of permissions here . android 4.3+ app-ops with android 4.3 , google finally introduced a kind of " permission manager " . in 4.3 , it is still hidden , but can easily be made available : app-ops allow you a fine grained control over your privacy , almost similar to what pdroid , lbe , and xprivacy provide . but just almost : not all permissions can be revoked here ( e . g . network/internet access cannot ) .
i would recommend checking out locale , it is meant for this kind of automation . or tasker could work too , and it has a 7-day free trial on the manufacturer 's page .
btep has a " using better terminal emulator pro " page on their wiki which explains most of the special shortcuts and keys . the basic breakdown of what you are looking for is : for directional input : either use a keyboard that supports this or use btep 's virtual direction pad feature . you can access it by tapping the screen when the keyboard is visible , long-pressing the screen when it is not , or pressing the search button . the cursor should change to a &gt; character to indicate you are in vdp mode , and you can swipe your directional input ( i.e. . swipe up for the up key ) . for esc : this is usually mapped by default to the volume up key , but you can remap it to any of the available programmable shortcut keys . you can also press the search button then press [ , since search is mapped to the control character on devices that lack a trackball or dpad ( as well as activating vdp mode ) and ^[ ( ctrl- [ ) is the esc character .
you might need to remove the lock screen widget app from Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Location &amp; security -&gt; Select device administrators screen before trying to uninstall it .
unfortunately , it seems like the htc aria does have that ability , but at and t has removed it .
it is impossible to root out touchwiz without modifying the samsung source code to remove and replace it ; it is heavily embedded in the os . this would be a massive effort and i do not believe anyone 's done it . the only alternative is a rom built from stock in the first place , such as cyanogen as ryan mentioned .
it is hard to see it in normal light , you may need to take your phone under a very bright light to be able to see it ( e . g bulb light or straight sunlight ) . it looks like a darker and smaller front face camera . if gsmarena has said that it has light sensors , then in my experience , its near 100% correct . btw , if you can not bring light sensor to work , there is a free software called lux auto brightness which does the job very nice and has many options .
it seems i was running the 5.0 version of google maps . i tried to search for an update on the market , but i could not even find the app . the most surprising thing was that using the exact search strings , i was able to find it very easy in the browser . i downloaded the 5.2 apk , and i installed it from the sdcard . afterwards , everything worked .
from your home screen , press Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Language and Keyboard . from here select the keyboard you are using . in the next page of settings , you should see something like Audio feedback for swype , or Sound on keypress for flext9 . you can modify Vibrate on keypress there too if you wish .
its shows that your phone is in extended standby mode . you can find it in Settings-&gt;PowerManagemnet extended standby mode increases the standby time by reducing the background activities when the phone is in standby mode . data will automatically be turned off and background activities will be stopped from waking up , while applications will also be prevented from syncing data . you will still be able to receive calls and texts , while the calendar application and alarms will still feature normally . as soon as you unlock your smartphone it'll go returning to functioning normally . any ongoing downloads or bluetooth transfer will be allowed to complete and once completed data will be turned off . extended standby mode is replaced with stamina mode for xperia running on jellybean or higher source : sony
thanks to t0mm13m 's comments : the keyword is nitz - that is where it comes from . certain roms fail to handle it , others do . if it fails , can always fallback on a ntp app like clocksync ( this requires root btw ) : )
currently , i have only seen two browsers on the android platform that display svg . the opera mini browser displays static svg . it seems to run scripting for a very short period of time , but does not run it continuously . it also does not appear to run smil animations . the fennec ( firefox mobile ) beta browser also displays static svg , as well as running scripting . it is still in beta and relatively huge . it does not run all of my example scripts successfully , but it does run some . i can not test smil animations , because i removed it to free up a large amount of space on my phone .
the problem could be your proximity sensor , which is located on top of the front of your phone . basically the way it works is if you are on a call and you put your phone to your ear , the screen will go out to avoid your ear messing with the touch screen . if you are under warranty , have it checked on your nearest service center . i had this problem once , told my service center that i think the proximity sensor is the problem , then they fixed it in under 30 minutes . check out this question and install the apps from the top answer and see for yourself : how do i test that proximity sensor on galaxy nexus works as expected
seems as if google is evil¹ and removed that option from jelly bean to enforce their drm schemes² . i found however a tool which restores it : automated framework kit ¹like we didn’t already know that . ²i have no idea what was the rationale behind it , but remember it’s the company which has a mail service that’s immensely popular despite not properly working with any major mail client .
i had a rom that failed to vibrate certain " very short duration vibrations " ( or those of low strength vibrations ) . i am not sure if its just a hardware limitation of my phone or the rom in particular , but you could try an app like handcent for now and play around the vibration settings in there . handcent sms allows you to fine tune the vibrations , adjust the intervals between each vibrations in milliseconds etc . .
i finally found the solution . yes adb of beaglebone is rooted but there is not a su binary . so i was not able to execute this code within my app : process proc = runtime . getruntime ( ) . exec ( "su mount -t vfat -o rw /dev/block/sd* /storage/usb1" ) ; but i finally find a program to root beaglebone black and install a valid su binary . you can download it here : http://www.unlockroot.com/unlockroot.html but be careful ! it installs bunch of unwanted programs to your computer too . once you install the program , connect your beaglebone via usb . first you need to unroot beaglebone . so open the program , you downloaded , and click unroot . it will take a couple of minutes . then restart your beaglebone and click root from program . then restart your beaglebone again . and voila :d you have 100% rooted beaglebone with a valid su binary . you can mount and unmount usb storages and copy files within your application . but you should do it like that :
what are you putting in for the package name that it does not like ? beginner mode vs non-beginner mode should not matter . package name has to have at least one . in it to be valid . usually you can just use your email backwards along with a unique name for the app . say your email is someone@gmail . com and you are trying to export an app you want to call myapp . the package name could be com . gmail . someone . myapp .
it is caused by the app smart app protector that maybe you installed and activated an option called observer . just check the observer and watch who wanted to enter your apps . good luck .
determine which apps i use most frequently and place them on my home screen automatically . there is smart widget .
i believe nexus 10 has gps hardware which can provide location information without any aid from gsm or wi-fi sources - same as my nexus 7 wi-fi only model . i have used my nexus 7 on road ( without any data connection ) and used is gps capabilities . i am just wondering how a did you get this suspicion when the specification clearly says about availability of the gps ?
what you are looking for is called " permission manager " . while android itself does not ( yet ? ) provide such itself , there are several of them available , my list holds some of them . there are different approaches . while some simply " deny access " ( which might cause an app to crash , if the dev did not take " revoked"/"not granted " permissions into account , and did not place an exception handler for those cases ) , the majority rather replaces " real data " by " fake ones " . examples : network access : " we are currently offline " contacts , calendar : " the user has none " ( empty list ) imei : "0123456789" ( sometimes a total random number on each call , but other times a random imei is generated after each boot ) location : " not available " ( location services deactivated ) or " fake location " ( e . g . north pole ; some apps even allow to set your desired " fake location " and simulate movement in a specified radius ) a selection of popular " permission managers " includes : pdroid/openpdroid : effective , but hard to install . both require root and deodex ed rom , afaik openpdroid is even limited to cyanogenmod lbe privacy guard : proprietary solution made in china , which might raise some eyebrows . works great up to android 4.0 ; do not install with higher versions as it will only stick your device in a boot-loop then . root required . lbe security manager : successor of privacy guard , works with all current android versions . playstore version is in chinese only ; patched versions are available at xda for other languages . some feel this one a little overloaded , as it wants to be an all-in-one security suite covering a lot of stuff not everybody needs . root required . xprivacy : a module to the xposed framework . gives very granular control , but other than lbe you cannot configure it to " ask everytime " whether access should be allowed ( a feature i love about lbe ) . root required . app ops : with 4.3-jelly-bean , android had some permission management integrated but hidden from the user . there are several " app ops " front-ends available , not all of them require root . not all of them keep working with 4.4-kitkat , though , where this feature was " better protected " . not that granular , but much better than nothing if your device is not rooted . above mentioned list holds several more , but these are the best known . i personally use lbe privacy guard on my devices running 4.0 or lower . no app ever crashed on me for " disabled permissions " , so lbe imho uses the " fake permissions " approach . same afaik applies to the other solutions i have mentioned here .
the best option ( albeit a rather pricey one ) appears to be the icontrolpad . it was originally designed for use with an iphone but now uses bluetooth to communicate with all bluetooth-enabled devices . it sounds like developers plan on supporting it , but i am not sure how well it will work with current games . edit : i recently became aware of another bluetooth gamepad that caters specifically to smartphones . it is called the bluetooth game gripper . there is an andoinica article about it here , and the kickstarter project is here . however , it does not appear that the maker has garnered enough vc to get the project off the ground , so i am not sure of the current status .
the fact that the " connected " message only appeared sometimes and that lsusb was unable to detect the nexus casted a doubt on the cable . i just tested with another cable and it works . my other cable seems to have a damaged connector .
summary from my comments , as requested , as an answer : there are plenty of other headset controller apps on the playstore if you are worried about the permissions . i tried jays once , but it only worked partially ( in 9 out of 10 tries , i had no luck to adjust the volume -- instead , other actions were triggered , as e.g. pause/play ) . having a philips headset , i tried philips headset -- and am quite satisfied : volume control , play/pause/skip , accept/refuse/hangup call , all possible smoothly . most of the headset control apps want to make calls . as my device is rooted , i control such things with the lbe app : neither jays nor philips headset abused this privilege . most headset control apps seem to work with most headsets , more or less . as my example with jays and a philips headset shows , some features might not be available/working . but you cannot break anything trying . so i would suggest to give it a try first : if one app does not work out , try another . if none works the way you need it , you still can go for another headset ; having checked some of the control apps , you then already know which companies have a specific app . as said , my philips headset works fine with the philips app -- others reported the same for jays . reading the comments will give you more details and help you finding a good combination .
i believe it is a no to both those questions . yes you can clear default associations only if you know which app is associated with with Intent ( you will still be prompted with the dialog asking you which app you had like to use with the current Intent ) . apart from that there is no way to clear associations . they are hard coded inside each app , there is no way to remove them . update : to answer your edited question head to settings > applications > manage applications find your application that you chose as your default app for that intent , click clear defaults
based on my experience with chinese-made mid , we can extract it only if we have the access to it is kernel ( which usually the manufacturer does not release it ) . maybe you can start looking for the solution at tabletrepublic . com forum . find the specific device model and chipset used , and i am sure there will be a lot devs out there willing to help .
there are several things to check out . walk the list until your problem is resolved -- then skip all following : make sure the sim was inserted correctly ( it easily happens to insert it the wrong way round ) does the same sim work in other phones ? yes : sim should be ok , phone probably " borked " no : sim " borked " . ask your provider for a replacement ( done . ) do other sims which work in other phones work in yours ? yes : very strange . check with your provider to send you a replacement sim : it is rare , but sometimes there can be incompatibilities ( especially with older sims and newer phones ) . no : pretty sure your phone is broken . hand it in to service . some indicators to watch during the process , as they might prove helpful to service ( and for combinations not covered above ) : do you see a signal in the status bar ? are there any sim errors displayed ? these two are pointing to an answer whether a sim was detected at all . the phone should display a special symbol in the notification error if no sim is found , and usually asks the user to insert one .
basically , yes . that is samsung 's ui/framework , touchwiz . other manufacturers have their own uis as well , including htc 's sense and motorola 's motoblur . the nexus s has the " stock " android ui .
i have had this issue and there are 3 ways to try to get around this . you will need a custom recovery to attempt 1 . or you can use odin alternatively for 2 . below . the superSU binaries are often ( but not always ) installed via recovery and the app itself gives this option . when superSU asks you to update the binaries , rather than select ' normal ' select ' recovery ' and see if it can install that way . flash superSU.zip directly in your recovery or Odin . here is the link to chainfire 's latest version . i have tried this myself and it fixed the issue for me on a number of devices . install an alternative super user app from the market . ( this can be messy , and you need to ensure superSU is completely removed )
copy and paste from contacts app to messaging app should just work without any problem , i have used it a few times before to copy lines from addresses , emails and that sort of thing into an sms . are you sure you long-pressed long enough in the sms message to get the input menu up with the Paste option on it ? or that you copied it properly in the first place ? copying data from a contact is most easily done by Editing the contact , then long-pressing on the field you are interested until the input menu comes up with the Copy All option .
the " hc " in every sd-card name simply means " high capacity " - i.e. every sd card with more than 8gb is a SDHC card . every " sdhc " card is sd-standart 2.0 ( "sd 2.0" ) . which means your device is compatible with a microSDHC card up to 32 gb .
ah , supersu you clever girl ! apparently greenify was updated and it was constantly asking for root access . the prompt woke up the tablet each time . boy do i feel silly now !
i have the same problem with etech et-7008b tablet , the usb debugging is off before they made made too many pattern mistakes . my advice is make sure usb debugging option is checked/turned on before making any security password on your devices but it would be easier to unlock for those stolen or lost devices .
i also hit this issue . i even went as far as downloading the ics source code . it would seem that the music app on the nexus is " google music " , whereas the old music player is " android music " . the old one is actually included in the source code , but it is not installed as part of the standard image . i actually compiled the old one , and installed it , and when i created playlists there , they were visible to other apps . i suspect that because " google music " can do much more - cloud storage , music store etc . this means that it stores playlists differently . for example , an external app would not know what to do with a playlist which included content which needed to be streamed from google music ( and probably would not be able to access the service . i think google are changing the strategy in the apis . they now want you to use music controls to play the music in its default player . this makes some sense , but makes it very difficult to support apps which work in &lt ; 3.0 and > 3.0 , and will probably become more complicated as more people manually download google music .
here is my understanding as a developer : android 1.5-2.1: right-to-left support is built-in , but most roms do not contain the letters . this means that hebrew in most applications will show up as boxes ( but in the correct order ) . this does allow individual applications to include their own fonts and thereby display hebrew correctly . android 2.2: the default system fonts now include hebrew characters . right-to-left layout still works . ( although the rules for justification did change , annoyingly . ) based on some bug reports , google did not yet consider support for right-to-left languages to be final in this version . ( note the comments by google engineers , such as romain guy here : https://review.source.android.com/#change,15955 ) . android 2.3: the sdk has been released , but no updates for actual devices . the sdk does include a hebrew locale for the first time (http://developer.android.com/sdk/android-2.3.html#locs). also note that locale support ultimately depends on the vendor of the actual device ( either the carrier or handset manufacturer ) . they may choose to remove locales they deem unimportant to save space , or they may choose to add some that they deem important for their targeted market .
fastboot is a binary and protocol used to communicate with android devices in the early boot stage . it allows to change of the boot target and therefore is often used to install custom boot-loader ( twrp , clockworkmod , etc . ) and roms . the binary often comes with the android sdk , for example on my linux system it is installed at /opt/android-sdk-update-manager/platform-tools/fastboot . there are also build instructions for fastboot on the official android page .
a rom with camera support is now available . i found it on the xda developers forum .
i was not able to find a free solution so i am doing exactly what you are looking for with tasker . when my work calendar shows me in a meeting it turns the ringer to vibrate .
unfortunately i do not believe this is possible . no app can interact with the phone once the phone has been locked / put into standby mode . . . therefore without installing a custom rom ( which has modified the code allowing other buttons to unlock / wake up the phone ) this is not possible .
looking at this , gsm:900/1800/1900 mhz , 3g td-scdma 2010-20250 mhz and scrolling on down a bit on that page under the ' data application features ' . . . data service gprs ; edge ; td-scdma that would explain it , no umts/hspa/hspa+ mentioned in the spec of that hardware , as that would be required to have t-mobile operating to enable 3g data . it may be basically a cheap and cheerful but crippled phone , but only for a certain market segment , if there is no supporting data protocol support such as umts/hspa/hspa+ , it will fall back on 2g .
i was having this problem on my verizon galaxy s4 ( i545 ) . i could not figure it out for two or three days straight . finally , i looked into my /data folder and saw a folder located at /data/app-lib which contained some data from candy crush . the folder was the same as the apk title : com . king . candycrushsaga-1 after deleting this folder ( you may want to back it up first ) , i was able to install candy crush again with no problem . hope this helps !
from what i recall , that report does not show anything that has used less than 1% . considering how much of it is screen usage , i will bet that that is the issue .
i solved this myself after trying a few things . i deleted the news and weather app 's data by going to settings> applications> manage applications> all , tapping " news and weather " , and then " clear data " . i needed to delete and re-add the widget and set my refresh settings again , but now it works .
root is not required to develop android application . the android sdk comes with an emulator that can run a virtual android device on your computer and test your application there . however you can hook up a real android device to your computer and enable a feature called usb debugging . for pre-jellybean phones this is accessible in developer options that should be visible in the settings app . for jellybean and up phones , you need to go to about phone and tap on build number a few times . then developer options should appear and you can enable usb debugging from there . an android phone is already prone to malware if external sources are enabled . use the google play store and always read the reviews . if an app wants root privileges , the phone will ask you first , so do not worry . however if you allow it , you are on your own . the app has full control over every aspect of your phone . your phone will need to be rooted if you are going to use root features in it ( obviously ) hope i helped .
is rooting the only option available for me ? yes . should not samsung allow me just point my phone update link ( ? ) to whatever i want , as my contract expires ? no . the manufacturers do not have a legal or moral obligation to do so . they can provide the sources to the kernel on their site , that is about how far they can go . this is where the community comes in , have a look at this titled " where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ? " google nexus line of devices are free from carrier related slow-downs in rolling out updates and fixes to android , which is why you pay the odds over for a google nexus device . not all devices are deprived of the pure google experience , i.e. no carrier bloatware , touchwiz , etc . it can be done by selected few talented developers , depending on the community and popularity of device in question . you are free once the contract expires and do whatever you want without violating terms and conditions . you can : sim unlock/network unlock root the device modify it flash a custom rom on it ( refer to the linky above )
as you have noticed , the app you are typing into can tell a " hint " to the keyboard app ( or input method ) to let it know what kind of text to expect , such as an email address . it is then up to the keyboard app to decide how to interpret that . for example , it can look in your contacts for email addresses . you have not said which keyboard app you are using , but from what you have described it seems that this app chooses to ignore expansions when it receives this hint . since it is up to the keyboard app what to do , you might like to install and try out a different keyboard app . i do not use expansions/abbreviations myself , so i can not recommend one , but there must be one out there that lets you use them for email addresses , phone numbers , etc . as well as normal text . do bear in mind that a keyboard app can record all the text you type , so be extra careful to only install apps from reputable sources and developers .
as it turns out , the issue was that my phone was no longer being recognised as a composite usb device by windows , meaning only one of adb , mtp or htc sync was capable of running at a given time . after the update , mtp was always recognised first . this explains both the 4.3 issue of mtp and adb conflicting , and the 4.4 issue of no adb . the solution was provided by htc 's support website : step 7 . if you could see your phone as the portable device on your pc , but there is still no " android usb device " in " device manager " , please try to manually update the driver for your phone . expand " portable devices " in " device manager " right click on your phone 's name or " mtp usb device " update driver software select “browse my computer for driver software” tap “let me pick from a list of device drivers on my computer” don’t check “show the compatible hardware” select standard usb main controller select usb composite device in the right hand side list as the screen shot below and then click next after you click next , if there is warning message window pop up , please choose yes .
apple ios no official native solution by google ( except for the safari web-app with a subpar user experience ) beware : all 3rd party providers seem to need your friend 's plain google password to be able to offer push support ( not just their app ) ! all have some sort of session timeout for push notifications ( when the app is in background ) : needs a relogin after that timeout ( eww ! ) . 3rd party apps i found : im+ pro , free , ad supported , push with unknown session timeout im+ , 9.99$ , no ads and longer push session timeouts as above . good reviews . beejiveim for gtalk : free , push session timeout up to 7 days , no voice/video chat for google talk pro : 0.99$ , push with unknown session timeout , noticed bad reviews in germany , good in us though windows phone todo blackberry has good support , download here symbian todo bada todo send me your findings , i will happily include them here .
you need to include the port number . adb -s 192.168.60.69:5555 shell  if you are using a sensible shell with configurable tab-completion ( i.e. . not windows ) , then you can type adb -s tab to get a list of devices .
i do not know about the n1 in particular , but as far as i know , most ( if not all ) phones charge via usb so long as the usb port provides enough power . my motorola droid and g1 charge via usb . my nook color and motorola xoom ( tablets ) do not charge via usb . however , do note that it is faster to charge with the phone plugged in to a power source instead of a usb port .
i usually get by the day by carrying a usb charger since i always have my laptop or other computers around me . some people get through by buying a second battery pack or a thick extended battery . any apps that syncs every 15 minutes is battery sucker , since it prevents the phone from sleeping . syncing every hour or so should not affect battery by much . if possible you should prefer apps that uses c2dm ( i.e. . push instead of poll ) . many apps that polls for data have configurable polling frequency , try to have the same polling frequency for all apps or integer multiples . for mailboxes that need to receive occasional urgent emails , do not use the stock email client , instead use gmail client or exchange which uses push . if your email server supports imap idle extension ( a push extension for imap protocol ) , you should use third party imap client , e.g. k9 mail . however , do not use push for low priority high-traffic mailbox . you might be able to find a sweet spot for yourself by using two or more mailboxes for your high urgency and high traffic mailbox . if you are rooted , underclock . most phones have much more cpu than is needed for daily usage ; underclocking will curb the phone to not go full power state unexpectedly , remember to restore the clock before doing cpu intensive activities ( e . g . games ) and to underclock it again afterwards . i hope you know to disable live wallpaper . they are good for showing off , but not if you want your phone to last the day . secure the phone in your pocket . i found that my phone drains battery faster when in a tight pocket since the hardware button are often accidentally pressed which activates the screen and prevents the phone from sleeping . in some custom rom , e.g. cyanogenmod , the notification bar have power widget , which is handy for quickly enabling/disabling battery sucking features , e.g. gps , 3g , etc . however , remember that in the end it is all a tradeoff :
after much experimenting , it is apparent that you cannot put a widget inside a folder . folders will only hold shortcuts . i have a stock motorola droid with android 2.2.1 . admittedly , there may be a rom out there that lets this happen , and perhaps even a customized version from some carrier/manufacturer that allows it . but without significant modification , this just can not be done .
to answer your question on what the ' black bar ' is at the bottom of the screen - it appears to be called the System Bar . i thought it was the Notification Bar but apparently that is part of the System Bar . here are several links that i found in my search : android 3.0 highlights from android developer site talkandroid . com esato . com phonearena . com stackoverflow question where someone called it a ' system bar '
i found out there are two types of xbox360 controller . the regular wireless controller ( with optional usb-charger cable ) the actual wired usb controller allthough the wireless controller with usb charger cable looks like a regular usb controller , it does not behave this way . also when connected via usb it will still operate wirelessly . so the problem lies in the controller . to use a xbox360 controller via usb , we would need the actual wired usb controller and not the wireless controller with charger cable .
according to this site , it is possible to change the status by tapping it and selecting another status message . it is possible that this is not available in the free version , since they usually contain ads .
i was having that problem , and the solution that helped me was to charge up the battery completely , then use the recovery boot menu to wipe battery stats . then , i used the phone until the battery died and the phone shut itself off . during that time , it is important to not plug in your phone to usb or charger , it has to drain continuously . then you can charge it back up again and use it as normal . it should help to make the battery percentage more accurate , and to drop in a more stable way .
you can try viber . you only need to put your phone number . personally i do not like it because of the ui and their notification mechanism but its a matter of personal flavor .
there is no " force shutdown " as far as i know , but you can force a reboot by holding down the power button for about 15 seconds .
there is a bug in android 4.4 which causes flac files to pop and stutter . androidpolice has an article on it , there is a fix that has been committed ( but not released ) according to this bug report . it should be fixed in the next release ( although when that'll be is anyone 's guess ) since the problem exists in android 's native flac codec , which is used by most of the music players available , finding an alternative app with its own custom implementation will easily solve the issue .
you can see the details of this at the android developer documentation , but an app can definitely tell if a wired device plugged into the audio jack has a microphone or not . i will tell you that this information is not always accurate or consistent across devices though , as i have experienced with my own app hearing saver . sometimes different phones send different codes for this particular bit of information , so if you are experiencing difficulties with certain apps not recognizing your headset , i would get into contact with the developer of that app .
you can use tempmonitor available from google play store : system temperature reading in your status bar updating at your choice interval . tempmonitor is the oldest cpu temperature monitoring app on the android market . this app is built to do one thing : temperature , and it does it well . some features that you might like : the temperature can be displayed on the status bar or in the app screen . you can also select what you want to see : choose from celsius or fahrenheit . choose what temperature to display ( battery , cpu ) . choose the update interval .
dolphin mini blog post documents how to download the pdf file . q2: how to download pdf files ? a2: 1 ) long press the link of pdf files , choose the “save link” option in context menu . 2 ) click “download” option at the bottom of the page after you click the link .
i installed stock 2.3.3 rom and now everything is fine . . . i will back it up , and then try experimenting with some newer roms : ) thanks for all the responses !
i ended up using epub2go . com to convert the pdfs to epub format then used aldiko to read them .
not necessarily an answer but i ended up using the stock charger that came with the nexus 7 itself . i leave it plugged overnight . none of my other "2a " chargers can charge it quickly nor can my computers . this sucks because now i have only a single rapid charging station , next to my bed ( vs my office , my living room etc ) . standard protocol or not for charging , this kills my user experience compared to how my ipad just works without a headache . for battery consumption issues , i disabled auto-update in google play as well as disabled auto-update in google currents and google magazine . seems they were downloading a lot of data in the background killing my battery life . anyways , now that i tinkered with it the overall experience is much better .
i am suspecting , after reading the logcat and dump , the kernel killed off quite a few processes , whether its down to the rom itself , or a buggy ril ( radio interface layer ) , ril is responsible for communicating with the cellular radio base-band firmware . this is the excerpt from the kernel , showing dolphin , alarm clock , google voice ( ? ) getting killed off : this is the excerpt from the telephony , note the gap in time logged , last logged at 19:23:48.949 and 19:35:33.144 : further on in the log related to telephony : the nitz ( network identity and time zone ) crops up a fair bit too , as shown below within the same telephony log , iirc , nitz handling was not exactly great up to ics , in which a patch was made to handle the handling of the timezones ( either roaming when browsing the net or something awry went wrong with the ril : the telephony errors shown , are sticking out like a sore thumb , and also down to the fact that froyo 2.2 , is old , and may not be able to handle whatever issue is with at and t that causes it . also , at and t could have had their systems updated/upgraded , that is sending out extra telephony information/nitz in a format that froyo cannot handle and freezes . best bet would be to try a firmware update and see if that resolves the issue . prior to doing an update , since the handset is rooted , best to make a backup of everything , use titanium backup to backup user apps and data , use sms backup and restore to save the sms messages . it will be inevitable that the upgrade will lose root , but then again , it would be easy to do that after the upgrade .
link2sd only moves the app itself to your device 's sdcard . app data still go to internal storage ( /data/&lt;package_name&gt; ) . for every app you install , the android system automatically creates this directory – and i do not know of any app that does not put at least a few files here . for details , please take a look at the app2sd tag-wiki . it not only explains the different app2sd approaches taken ( including link2sd ) , but in " extended methods " also holds hints for a possible solution to your problem ( s2e ) .
audio routing would have to be set in the application code itself . however , direct audio routing is deprecated since api level 5 ( android 2.0 ) . older versions of android navigation had this direct audio routing set to the route_speaker in their application code . but the newer versions of android have a system wide flag set with setspeakerphoneon or setbluetoothscoon if it should use the speaker or bluetooth . i am afraid that you will not be able to change anything about your setup since it is all build into the system and application code . all sounds will be routed through the same audio output in the newer versions of android and android navigation .
finally found the answer . i had four google accounts - one of them could not sync because it required domain policy to be enforced , and i had not allowed that . i connected the tablet to my laptop and used adb logcat to see what was being logged when the error was displayed : ( these messages were repeated several times ) . i guessed that the errant account may have been involved ( even though it was not the account i was trying to active now with ) , removed the account from the device and all is well .
google 's android device manager service can do all of that apart from the remote control , though unless your phone has a new enough os to have it installed by default ( instead of pulled down as part of the google services updates ) it is difficult to remove rather than impossible . find your lost phone with android device manager remotely lock android devices
technically , as a root user , you can achieve every exclusive thing what a custom rom offers . but , its not always as easy as replacing home launcher . what if you need to replace kernel for better overclocking support . . . a custom rom is actually pre-cooked out-of-box firmware packaging ( with specialized feature ) . remember , popular custom roms ( like cyanogen mod ) are generally backed by an expert developers team or community . so , even if you have expertise of doing every such things in your rooted device , its very difficult to match a team or community . and , do not forget those nasty bugs and security loopholes . . . the main advantage of custom roms : those who have expertise of doing everything with rooted device , generally cook their own rom . it is because custom roms can be deployed to multiple devices . think how you would port your customizations to other devices . . . its a big hassle than cooking own rom .
the problem was hardware related . wifi chip was changed in the service center . now it is working ok .
you will need apps like tasker or locale to perform the sort of action you want .
the spec sheet lists compatibility as " wireless internet wifi 802.11 b/g/n , wifi direct " . if it has a 5 ghz radio , it should list a /b/g/n . despite this , there are plenty of discussions around the net about getting the galaxy tab to work on a 5 ghz ap , so your problem may be something else .
if you can access apx mode , you can restore a stock rom using easy flasher . the steps are the following : check if your asus transformer is supported . download easy flasher download the latest stock rom from asus website . copy the update zip to asusupdate folder ( inside easy flasher folder ) . open easy flasher and hit flash asus stock zip the application will install the stock rom back to your transformer , so from there you can root or install a custom rom without problems .
while playing around with the inf files , i found that the one supplied by sony actually does work , you only need to " force " windows to use it for your device . i am not sure if that has anything to do with the unsigned nature of the driver or that windows cannot verify that the driver is compatible ( see below ) , but it simply does not seem to accept the driver with sony 's inf automatically . i order to install the driver , i did the following : in the device manager , right-click on the S1Boot Fastboot entry and select Update Driver Software , then Browse my computer for driver software and Let me pick from a list of device drivers on my computer . select Show All Devices , then Next . click Have Disk... and then Browse... to the android-sdk\extras\google\usb_driver directory . then the Model list is populated with three entries , select the one called Android Bootloader Interface and click Next . click Yes on the Update Driver Warning message mentioning that windows cannot verify compatibility of the driver with the device . click Install this driver software anyway on the Windows Security message saying that windows can not verify the publisher of this driver software . after that , i was able to run fastboot commands on my device ( i only tried devices and reboot so far ) . on a side note , i found it interesting that you actually do not need any specific driver binaries such as dlls from sony and that the drivers supplied with the android sdk seem to be sufficient , except for the inf entries with the correct device ids .
try currentwidget . it is a widget that you can configure to show not only the current but also the temperature and voltage . if that does not work , you could also look at android tuner free . look for the battery manager tab .
from the whatsapp site , the minimum requirements are android 2.1 , so even if you managed to find the apk and side-load it onto the g1 running 1.6 , it probably will not work . stable releases of cyanogenmod 5 ( android 2.1 ) and 6 ( android 2.2 ) are both available for the g1 . you can install whatsapp if you upgrade to cm 5/6 .
the behaviour of the browser is perfectly normal . because opening a new internet connection takes a lot of power , after an app is finished with an http connection to a given server , android keeps the connection open a little while longer in case the app wants to download more from the same server . keeping the connection open while idle does not take any extra power . this fits well with the usual behaviour of web browsers : typically you download a web page , then all the images and c . for that page , an ajax request to the same site , and then a few minutes later maybe a new page from the same site . the servers you mention are very typical . amazon aws and akamai are content distribution networks . they are used to host many websites . people who run websites pay these companies to host static content and serve it to end users , which is good for you because it keeps internet latency down . when you visit ( say ) android.stackexchange.com, only the dynamic content comes from stack exchange 's servers , and the static content - images , fonts , etc . - might come from a server much closer to you , run by akamai or another cdn . other sites on your list are sources of " share " and " like " buttons , such as facebook , stumbleupon , and linkedin . every time you visit a page with the official facebook " like " button , the browser has to go to facebook 's server to download it . that is how facebook tracks you across different sites , but it is not the browser tracking you : it is the websites you visit . uninstalling your browser and switching to a different one will not make any difference . there is one last thing that seems to have added to your confusion : the " application details " screen in that app shows a log of which sites the app has connected to , not the sites that have open connections right now . that is why old connections are still shown in the list after you restart the device , and after uninstalling the app .
the number of areas you can pre-cache is limited by the amount of system storage you have available . it is important to note that the cache is stored in system storage , not the sd card . also , the stored data is the base map tiles and landmarks . you will not be able to get directions based on this downloaded data , but you can browse it offline and track your current location . the cached data expires and is deleted automatically after 30 days . if you are not able to refresh your offline data in that time , you may be in trouble . more data on the feature is available on the official google blog post .
microusb ports on phones are delicate and can be prone to losing a proper connection to the power on the circuit board if you are not ultra careful about making sure to not stress the connection point ( like having the phone plugged in and the cable is taut ) . my wife has already gone through 2 phones and a laptop due to using them while the power plug is stretched and basically over time causing the power connection to come off the circuit board . this sounds like the issue you are having and the only solutions are if you take the phone apart and re-solder the loose connection ( requires ultra fine soldering skills ) or take it in for repair and they will likely have to replace the mainboard .
the reason can be find in appbrain faq : 4 . i cannot find some apps , what is going on ? it always says " the requested item could not be found " . appbrain lists applications that are available in the us that are available for android version 1.6 and up for devices with a normal screen size . developers can restrict availability of apps by country , android version and screen size . this means that if you are not in the usa , have a device with a small screen size ( for instance the htc wildfire or tattoo ) , or when you are not on the latest version of android , you may often get the " not found " message from the android market . so , to give you an example , i am a developer and published an app on android market , that is restricted to france and germany , so users from those country will find it on android market , but not on appbrain , who lists only us applications .
android comes with a basic video player called " movies " , although it might not show in the application list for some devices . to use the built-in player , you need to use the gallery or a file manager to invoke the movies app on the movie file you want to play . alternatively there are many alternative movie players on the market . here are a few threads to get you started : mx video player moboplayer rockplayer qqplayer vplayer
it depends , some android devices have an advanced setting wifi sleep policy under Settings -&gt; Wireless -&gt; Wi-Fi Settings -&gt; [Menu Button] Advanced -&gt; Wi-Fi Sleep Policy but i am not sure if this is a vanilla android feature or an manufacturer modification . at least the galaxy s series has this setting . data networks are usually fully active . but apps like tasker allow you to define certain profiles to improve battery life . for example : only allow 2g when the display is off , because 2g requires less battery then 3g ( umts ) .
you can do this the old-fashioned way if you want to do one-time sync only : go to contacts and export to sd card . this will create a handy vcard file that will reside in the root of your sd card . most often this will be 00001.vcf or some such . from a desktop computer , go to gmail contacts and choose Import from the menu above . from the desktop you can add and edit your contacts much more easily than you would on the phone . however , i found syncing to be unreliable sometimes , especially with htc sence ( i had the stock rom previously on my htc desire ) -- i had to deal with duplicate contacts and mysteriously vanishing phone numbers on a few occasions .
as i noted in your other thread , your best bet is probably to manually set a web proxy server via the devices network settings that filters by keyword or whitelists . even if they do go to another person 's house or try to get on another network , they will be unable to browse ( especially if you are hosting the proxy server yourself on your own network ; in that case , they most likely will not be able to browse to anything at all ) . from wikipedia : in computer networks , a proxy server is a server ( a computer system or an application ) that acts as an intermediary for requests from clients seeking resources from other servers . a client connects to the proxy server , requesting some service , such as a file , connection , web page , or other resource available from a different server . the proxy server evaluates the request according to its filtering rules . for example , it may filter traffic by ip address or protocol . if the request is validated by the filter , the proxy provides the resource by connecting to the relevant server and requesting the service on behalf of the client . a proxy server may optionally alter the client 's request or the server 's response , and sometimes it may serve the request without contacting the specified server . in this case , it ' caches ' responses from the remote server , and returns subsequent requests for the same content directly .
as best as i can tell on grepcode , functionality relating to walled gardens ( captive portals ) was added to WifiWatchdogStateMachine.java in 4.0.1 . i can not find it listed in the android api reference to confirm exactly when it was added , but that would seem to match with your nexus 10 having the feature but not your htc desire .
look at something black ( e . g . an image of only black ) on your phone , and shut off the lights . if you have got an amoled screen , it should be pure black ( virtually no light emanating ) . with an lcd it will be significantly brighter/greyish .
the clock do not have a specific name , although if i do need to mention them specifically , since the top bar is usually called the notification bar or status bar , i would probably call them notification bar clock or status bar clock .
you are not specifying the device to mount , only the directory so it is telling you that you are missing one of the required parameters . i believe that the busybox mount will let you get away with not supplying the device , if it can figure out the device to mount , but the " stock " mount requires that you supply both the directory and the device . you would have to do the following : # mount -o remount,rw /dev/block/mtdblock4 /system or you could try the busybox mount # busybox mount -o remount,rw /system but you should always supply the device to mount , so there is no confusion or issue with mounting the wrong device .
you can use ifttt ( if this than that ) and setup a recipe that auto posts from instagram to a specific picasa album online . this does not require you to leave anything open . then you can set your instagram album in google+ to be public . you will need to follow the directions found here . the only thing i have not figured out yet is how to share something to my timeline whenever a new post arrives into that album .
hold down the task manager button and it will show the application menu .
with tasker you can automate this to have different screen time-out values depending whether or not your phone is connected to a power source : create a new profile and name it " screen timeout " . for context select State -> Power -> Power . select " any " for source and press the ok button . tap " new task " , name it " increase timeout " and tap the " ok " button . tap the + button to add a new action , select Display category , and then Display Timeout action . drag the sliders for " secs " , " mins " or " hours " to your desired values for when the phone is connected to a power source . tap the " ok " button , and then tap it again . long-press the " increase timeout " action and select Add Exit Task option . tap " new task " , name it " decrease timeout " and tap the " ok " button . tap the + button to add a new action , select Display category , and then Display Timeout action . drag the sliders for " secs " , " mins " or " hours " to your desired values for when the phone is running on battery . tap the " ok " button , and then tap it again . ensure the tasker is enabled by toggling it on ( switch at bottom-right corner ) and then tap the " ok " button . you should be all set . if you want to get fancy , you can add actions to both tasks to display toast messages .
yes , the nexus 7 allows the installation of 3rd party apps . settings/security/unknown sources
i have been googling this problem for a few days now . it appears to be based in some startup bug wherein the launcher app scans for existing applications before the sd card ( internal or external ) is mounted . first off , use filemanager or equivalent to look at your sd card 's contents . if you see some grey icons with the app names or " com . [ appname ] " , then you are suffering from this bug . there are a variety of work-arounds posted in various forums -- too many for me to provide links here . rumor has it that ics 4.04 and jellybean may have fixed the bug . in the meantime , you might want to try link2sd and/or cautious use of tools like app2sd which promise to tell the user which apps should not be moved .
i have ended up installing mobile odin and just performing a recovery with the clockwork mod if the kernel kills the phone ( which is all i have managed to do so far ) thanks for your help
in case of android browser ( aosp ) and chrome there is an option called request desktop site . this can be accessed via the options menu for the browser . that would change the browser user-agent to desktop and display the website as displayed on pc . but this has to be done for each tab i believe , there is no permanent solution .
i finally figured out how to do this and thought i would explain ( since it is not very obvious ) . open up google maps or latitude click on yourself ( the tag that shows your name , last update time , and city ) you should be able to click a Location history option with the history open , click the settings button in the lower right corner there are options to change your home and work addresses ! hope this helps someone in the future .
ok , i think the answer to your question is that pandora 's stream is never more than 64 kbps for mobile devices , whereas google music uses 320 kbps mp3s and there is no downsampling . that is 5 times the amount of data , assuming pandora does not use a better format than mp3 . since google music transcodes your files , i do not think you have much of an option here .
after new problems on other devices , i decided to reset my livebox . there is no problem anymore ! my phone can connect to the wifi : )
google reader allows choice of external program ( via intent ) to play audio .
to answer my own question - here 's a different approach to achieve this ( google-only contacts ) ensure all required android contacts are synced to google export the contacts to csv on a computer delete all contacts from the android ( that'll be both " phone " and " google" ) import the contacts from csv to google google will then sync to the phone kind of obvious in hindsight . hope this benefits the community in some way !
it refers to anything that is peculiar to the android platform or its software stack , any behavior , quirk , style , or ui thingy characteristic of android .
quite a few people dual boot nook colors ( internal vs sd card ) . take a look at this xda thread on running cm7 on the sd card ( for the nook color ) and this thread about booting from sd card performance . in short , it really depends on the read/write abilities of the sd card you use . a crappy sd card is going to give crappy performance . ( sorry for the specifics to nook color , but in general , it should be similar )
backup your phone this is important if you wish to keep any data from your phone . you will have to restore backed up data ( such as apps ) after you update . the only way to update to the latest software is to erase your device , so backup whatever you do not want to lose . extract the . zip file , which you can download from this androidforum thread or this xda thread . open the folder and install msxml 4.0 sp3 parser ( msxml . msi ) . once that has finished , install lgandroiddriver_whql_ml_ver1.0_all_win7 . exe which are the drivers so your computer will recognize your phone . windows xp users download this driver , extract the contents anywhere ( e . g . desktop ) , right-click on the ' android_usb . inf ' file and click ' install ' . now you have set up your phone to connect to your computer correctly . from here on , it depends on which rom you wish to install . this is an excellent video tutorial that covers installing custom roms and rooting , and as said in the update , many roms with instructions can be found on xda . bricking is always a possibility when modifying software that does not come directly through the intended channels that said , the methods here have been proven to work and your risk is significantly less if you perform these steps correctly . let us know if you need any help ! update : this is a method to install updates to your phone . as far as specific roms to install , xda and google can be very helpful . as soon as you find one you like , go for it : )
system apps can not be installed without root . only updates to existing system apps can be installed , and they do not actually reside in the /system partition ; the original app is kept there , which allows you to uninstall updates separately . so a factory reset will remove any updates , but not the original app .
first a little explanation on the storage ( you might also check the tag wiki of the storage tag for a short introduction ) : why can not i use the free space available at /system ? the /system partition holds the often so-called " rom " , i.e. the android core system ( including the pre-installed apps , see bloatware ) . by default , it is mounted read-only for several reasons ( including " security " , so no app can tamper with anything here -- and the user cannot accidentally render the system unusable ) . this is also why a factory reset will present you with a " virgin system": it will not touch this read-only partition . being mounted read-only makes it clear you cannot write things onto this partition -- which answers the question why you cannot make use of the " free space " it has . you might wonder why a read-only partition then is not " sized appropriately " -- but it is : it just takes into consideration that additional space might be needed for a system update . future android versions might ( and most likely will ) need more space , also providers might want to add more bloatware . . . why is there so little space at /data ? to put it in simple words : 180mb is all that was left after taking away the ~200mb for /system . the galaxy mini s5570 is not a high-end device . and before you ask : no there is nothing you can do to increase the amount of overall storage available to /data ( at least nothing easy -- though some geeks might think of creating a bigger partition on the sdcard and mount it as /data , this is nothing simple and also not without side-effects ) . what can be done ? nothing much . if your device is rooted , you could think of using a bigger sdcard ( your device supports up to 32gb ) , and moving stuff over there with things like link2sd or even data2sd . you can regularly clear your apps ' caches and do some other cleanup . or you can simply go for a new device which offers more storage ( and more ram , and a faster cpu ) . i know it is not very satisfying that a device , just being 2 years old ( the s5570 was released to the market in february 2011 ) already is unable to keep up with daily needs . but unfortunately , 180mb storage ( and 384mb ram ) really is not much to play around . . . so all that currently remains is to refer you to the most faqs of the " insufficient storage " tag to find a solution until you can get yourself a new device . see especially : how can i get rid of the low disk space notification ? what can i do to manage my phone 's internal storage ? how can i deal with “low on space” messages on my htc incredible ? how can i free up more space on my android ( 2.2 froyo ) phone ? “insufficient storage” when trying to install new app
if those problems started right away after the update : did the update process include a factory-reset ? if not ( and nothing else helps ) , this might be your chance : backup all things you can backup ( luckily on jb that is not too big an issue , see full backup of non-rooted devices -- but i recommend to have all your apps into separate packages , as otherwise a full restore might bring back your problems ) . then do a factory-reset . before restoring anything , check if your problems are gone . then restore your apps one-by-one ( just to make sure to not bring back the problem ) . as for the backup process : check with helium - app sync and backup , this is the easiest way to go . you can mark all your apps , make sure to check that .apk files are included ( by default , helium only backups data ) , and give it a go . helium creates separate backup archives per-app , so you can restore them separately . make a copy of the backup folder to your pc , just in case -- if restoring via helium should fail for any reason , this still gives you the chance to use adb restore via usb . background : it might very well be that some settings got messed up on update . a factory-reset will erase all your apps and data , plus the dalvik-cache ( optimized app code -- this might be the culprit if it does not 100% match the new android version ) , so all settings revert to " default " . your android system rom ( jellybean ) will not be reverted to what you had before , so no worries for that : )
you can not . and you should not . samsung 's proprietary touchwiz interface , has the hability to change fonts that are distributed as apk files and can be installed like any other app . i am not aware of any other manufacturer that integrated this feature into their device . it is also a bad idea to change the fonts . if they have different x-height parts of the letters may get cut . they may not have some special characters that the system or an app expects so boxes or nothing will show up in it is place . legibility can also be an issue . there are fonts that do not have any of these issues , but they are rare and are mostly the same type as the system font , so you will not notice much improvement .
i think your hboot needs to be upgraded , and it sounds like perhaps you did not run the ruu to do so . the htcdev site notes that phones with an asterisk ( * ) next to them in the list must run an ruu before unlocking because the bootloader on the device did not originally ship with unlocking capabilities . so first you need to make sure your firmware is up to date ( which it sounds like it is ) , and then you also need to download and run the ruu : before beginning the unlock bootloader process your product requires that you update the rom to the version listed in the table below first , then download the ruu next to it to enable the unlocking capability . the ruu 's filename itself also seems to confirm this . it is listed as PC4910000_Buzz_Froyo_hboot_1.02.0000_R3.exe , indicating ( to me , anyway ) that you need hboot v1.02.0000 in order to perform the unlock .
add the power control widget ( available by default in android 2.1+ for most phones ) or a similar wi-fi toggle app to your home screen . ( long press on the home screen , widget , power control . ) that usually fixes it for me .
speaking of gparted , i assume you have a linux computer available . so steps to be performed are quite simple -- speaking of an external sdcard : unmount the card from your android device , and take it out put it into a card reader , attach it to your linux computer . mount it there . copy all contents into an empty directory on your linux machine . from the command line , you can use the cp command for that to ensure everything is copied : cp -a &lt;/path/to/source&gt; &lt;/path/to/target&gt; ( replace &lt;/path/to/source&gt; with where you have mounted the card , and &lt;/path/to/target&gt; with your empty directory 's path ; for details on the cp command , run man cp or see its man-page on the net ) optional : check that everything was copied fine . if there were no errors displayed in the previous step , it should have worked fine . if your card has multiple partitions containing data , repeat the previous two steps for each of them . use gparted ( or whatever tool of your preference ) to drop and re-create partitions as needed , and re-create the file systems repeat steps 3-5 , reverting source and target ( to get your data back on the sdcard ) unmount your sdcard , safely remove it from the computer , put it back into your android device , and enjoy ! if everything went fine , and all data is available on your device as hoped , optionally remove the " backup directories " created in step 3 . job done : )
as you have already figured , a built-in solution is : open the contacts app on the " old device " in menu → import/export , chose to export copy the resulting 0001.vcf file to your " new device " on the new device , open the contacts app and chose to " import " from menu → import/export hint : take care there is enough free space available on the " exporting " device ( file might get large , as contact pictures are stored inside it as well ) . you might not always get a warning when storage runs full , but instead end up with some " incomplete export " , which then cannot be imported on the other end . now for the second part : why did not they sync automatically ? first , there are a few different " storages " to be considered : on sim google contacts these two are available on all devices . depending on device and rom , there might be additional " storages " , e.g. exchange pc suite assuming you are speaking of google 's sync : that only takes care for google contacts . as the pc suite would only cater contacts in pc suite to sync them with its desktop counterpart , and exchange would not care for anything but exchange contacts ( you would not want your personal contacts appearing in your company 's address books , would you ? ) . sim contacts are a very special case : nothing cares to sync them anywhere . i am not even sure whether import/export is touching them . so as parts of your contacts have been stored as " lg pc suite contacts " , these have not been sync'd with google ( and your " google contacts " not with lg suite ) , which explains the miss .
yes , an ebook from android market ( in google books ) has a different format from the kindle . it would seem that you can obtain google books in either epub or pdf ( more information here ) . amazon books are in the azw format . this comes down to personal preference . i have read books on both google books and kindle on my xoom ; i see little to no difference in quality . both can sync to my phone to keep my place . since you have a kindle fire , perhaps sticking in the amazon ecosystem would be a good idea , since you may wish to un-root in the future . there are a lot of pdf readers ; just recently the kindle software was updated to read pdfs . i personally use ezpdf pro for pdf files because of speed and its ability to remember my location in pdf files from read to read . this again , would be personal preference ; however i have loaded mobi into the kindle app without problems . the book acted like any other i had in regards to reading ( except it did not sync across devices and had to be manually uploaded to each of them ) . i would suggest looking at this question as well for more information on ereaders . so , the kindle app does what you want it to do overall ( books , pdfs , and mobi ) and also is a major part of the kindle fire amazon ecosystem they have setup for the device ; and may be the way to go if you decide to revert your fire to its un-rooted state . edit ( addition ) : amazon also seems to like releasing updates that un-root your device ( and prevent further known rooting methods - for now ) . source states that unless you have changed roms , you are susceptible at any time on wifi to get the update .
by far the easiest way to transfer anything contacts related to an android phone is via gmail . when i moved from an old nokia phone to my android htc magic about a year ago , i downloaded and installed the nokia suite of tools for my phone from the nokia website , installed them , copied my contacts into the nokia suite app on the pc , then did an export from the nokia suite contacts app to a csv file . i remember seeing the noklia-only nbu format as an optin , but if you are in the contacts-only part of the suite it should also allow the csv export ( as this is also the easiest way to do a one-off import to other apps like outlook ) . at that point you can go into gmail , click the contacts link , then at the top you should see an " import " option , use that to upload your csv file . all that you should lose from this is the contact 's photos , but you can easily back up your contact 's photos from the nokia suite , and then just upload them to gmail one by one , or alternatively let android on the phone sync with facebook , etc and pull the contacts photos from there itself . you might find that if you already had some people in your gmail address book that you will have a few duplicates now , just tick the relevant contacts in gmail and select " merge these contacts " . for content , such as photos or music , which are probably just files on the nokia 's sd memory card , the easiest way is to attach the phone to a pc , select data storage/transfer mode on the phone , then open the sd card drive on the pc , drag all the relevant files onto the pc , then attach android phone , mount sd card and drag all the content into the relevant folders on the android 's sd card . as for messages , do you mean sms/mms text messages ? as far as i know there are not easy ways to transfer those between phone os 's at all ( unless you are already doing something like sync'ing them to gmail ) .
install dual file manager . this program lets you unzip password protected files .
/data/user was added in jelly bean as part of multi-user support . each user on the device gets a directory in there named after their user id , and that directory contains each app 's data directory for that user . /data/user/0 is a symlink to /data/data .
rather than sleeping , i spent a few more hours experimenting . i found what works best for my needs is an ftp server app . for casual transfers , when both devices are connected to the same network , i will just transfer through my access point . with the limitations that implies . if i am not near an ap or just want full speed , i will deal with the hassle of setting of the wi-fi direct partnership and then launch the ftp server . it usually takes 3-5 tries before the devices connect , but once they do , ftp works stable and fast . furthermore , this solution also satisfies my secondary goal , of being able to use the same method to transfer files between android device and pc . now , there are a lot of ftp server apps out there . most are ad-supported , most are rather big as well . to my surprise , there is also quite a performance difference between them . i thought i would might as well shared my experience with the four ftp server apps i tested . . . required permissions none of the tested apps required ridiculous permissions . just the following special permissions : full network access modify or delete the contents of your usb storage modify or delete the contents of your sd card prevent tablet from sleeping prevent phone from sleeping in addition , andreas liebig 's ftpserver also required : read phone status and identity speed test setup the speed test was not exactly scientifically performed , but devices were in the exact same spots during tests . ftp server app running on nexus 7 filezilla ftp client running on windows 8 laptop both connected to the same 802.11n network . windows reported the link speed as 130 mbps ( i know this is not exact ) i downloaded the same 103,4 mib large file two times through each app test results all stats , numbers and other facts are as of march 30th 2013 . apps ordered by measured throughput , fastest on top . andreas liebig 's ftpserver price : free latest version : 2.4.0 ( 2013-03-26 ) size : 78 kb install base : 100.000 - 500.000 avg . rating : 4.6 android os requirement : 1.1+ comments : initial configuration required , not plug-and-play . detailed server log on main screen when service is running . no anonymous access possible ? throughput : 103.4 mib downloaded in 43 seconds @2.4 mib/sec , 103.4 mib downloaded in 47 seconds @2.2 mib/sec boby ertanto 's my ftp server price : free ( ad supported , ad-free version available ) latest version : 2.1 ( 2013-02-28 ) size : 1.2 mb install base : 50.000-100.000 avg . rating : 4.1 android os requirement : 2.2+ comments : simple interface . very basic settings . throughput : 103.4 mib downloaded in 48 seconds @2.2 mib/sec , 103.4 mib downloaded in 49 seconds @2.1 mib/sec the olive tree 's ftp server price : free ( ad supported , ad-free version available ) latest version : 1.11 ( 2013-01-14 ) size : 1.1 mb install base : 100.000 - 500.000 avg . rating : 4.4 android os requirement : 2.1+ comments : based on apache ftp server . simple interface . configurable port , home dir , username/password , service resillience , energy saving etc . throughput : 103.4 mib downloaded in 56 seconds @1.8 mib/sec , 103.4 mib downloaded in 56 seconds @1.8 mib/sec berserker 's ftpdroid price : free ( ad supported , ad-free version available ) latest version : 1.3.1 ( updated 2012-12-28 ) size : 2.0 mb install base : 50.000 - 100.000 avg . rating : 3.9 android os requirement : 2.2+ comments : based on pure-ftpd . simple interface . configurable port , home dir , username/password , service resillience , energy saving etc . troughput : 103,4 mib downloaded in 135 seconds @0,8 mib/sec , 103,4 mib downloaded in 121 seconds @0,9 mib/sec conclusion not only is andreas liebig 's ftpserver the only completely free of the apps tested , it is incredibly light weight ( 78 kb ! ) , can run on any android phone you can find but also has the fastest throughput of the apps tested . once the initial configuration is done , the main window simply displays your standard ftp server log , whereas other applications pretty much displays nothing but a few buttons and maybe the ip address and port of the server . thank you , andreas !
i would bring the phone to your carrier 's local store . if a different sim card from the same carrier works , then it is possible that your sim card is damaged or corrupted . the carrier may need to replace it for you . keep in mind that some carriers ( or authorized reseller outlets ) will charge you for this .
i am on 2.3.5 in the basic " messages " app you can go to the message , clicknhold , view message details . there it shows all recipients . if i just reply it only goes back to the sender . now , others that i know have iphones replied and it went to everyone . . . there is a " reply all " option after you click and hold .
turns out the last paragraph added to the book is meant and of course not turning it in the overview . this is the information : this is a digital copy of a book that was preserved for generations on library shelves before it was carefully scanned by google as part of a project to make the world’s books discoverable online . it has survived long enough for the copyright to expire and the book to enter the public domain . a public domain book is one that was never subjectto copyright or whose legal copyright term has expired . whether a book is in the public domain may vary country to country . public domain booksare our gateways to the past , representing a wealth of history , culture and knowledge that’s often difficult to discover . marks , notations and other marginalia present in the original volume will appear in this file - a reminder of this book’s long journey from thepublisher to a library and finally to you . usage guidelines google is proud to partner with libraries to digitize public domain materials and make them widely accessible . public domain books belong to thepublic and we are merely their custodians . nevertheless , this work is expensive , so in order to keep providing this resource , we have taken steps toprevent abuse by commercial parties , including placing technical restrictions on automated querying . we also ask that you : make non-commercial use of the files : we designed google book search for use by individuals , and we request that you use these files forpersonal , non-commercial purposes . refrain from automated querying : do not send automated queries of any sort to google’s system : if you are conducting research on machine translation , optical character recognition or other areas where access to a large amount of text is helpful , please contact us . we encourage theuse of public domain materials for these purposes and may be able to help . maintain attribution : the google “watermark” you see on each file is essential for informing people about this project and helping them findadditional materials through google book search . please do not remove it . keep it legal : whatever your use , remember that you are responsible for ensuring that what you are doing is legal . do not assume that justbecause we believe a book is in the public domain for users in the united states , that the work is also in the public domain for users in other countries . whether a book is still in copyright varies from country to country , and we can’t offer guidance on whether any specific use ofany specific book is allowed . please do not assume that a book’s appearance in google book search means it can be used in any manneranywhere in the world . copyright infringement liability can be quite severe . about google book search google’s mission is to organize the world’s information and to make it universally accessible and useful . google book search helps readersdiscover the world’s books while helping authors and publishers reach new audiences . you can search through the full text of this book on the webat http://books.google.com/
the solution that has worked for me is : upgrade to a nexus s running cyanogenmod 10 .
there is no real firewall in android , but this does not mean you are totally unprotected from the outside . ( there are some measurements from the underlying linux kernel . ) every app chooses it is own ports and decides weather the connections are encrypted . android apps usually do not open any ports , hence the there is not that much of a need for a firewall incoming data is often handled and transmitted through google cloud messaging . ( here i do not know how it works and the data is transferred )
with sites like gravatar or twitter 's image cropping , i have found that the two finger " pinch " gesture works .
it generates this error when there is only an emulator attached . EOCD not found, not Zip file 'AstroFileManager2.5.1.apk' is not a valid zip file  i realized that the astrofilemanager apk has problem . i downloaded a new one from xda and it works . done .
here 's what i did . assuming you have set up the sync process : go to firefox on your pc , click Bookmarks in the top right corner choose Unsorted Bookmarks . this opened a new window for me where i could see a section called Mobile bookmarks that i had not seen anywhere else . click and drag this Mobile Bookmarks folder to either Bookmarks Toolbar or Bookmarks Menu , whichever you want it to appear under ( note : the Bookmarks Menu is what we clicked on to start this process , i advise you try both and see which you like best ) . profit . hope this helps !
according to the official knox website , samsung knox is tightly integrated into the operating system . it uses hardware support to verify the bootloader integrity , a custom bootloader to verify the os integrity , and a custom kernel at runtime . it changes the layout of the device 's filesystem to add separate encrypted storage for the business-related files . it also relies on hardware support through arm 's trustzone technology . depending on how much of the hardware support already exists on other samsung devices , it may be possible for samsung to later backport the knox feature for older samsung phones with a device update , but it is certainly not possible for anyone else to do so , not even by installing a custom rom . ( that would not add the bootloader support to ensure the rom is not changed later . )
you must first add your google account to the tablet . the google play app will not let you switch an account until there are two or more accounts on the device . so first add your google account . you will probably want to disable all of the synchronizing options . once that is done , open the google play app , and you will see the option to switch accounts . on top of that , you will be able to " push install " apps to the tablet from your desktop computer ( provided you are logged into the same google account ) . the downside , of course , is that there is now a device that can synchronize your contacts , gmail , photos , etc that you do not control . your grandma could decide to purchase in-app items or purchase new apps ( though you can require a password for that , at least ) . alternatively , if you only want to install a few of the paid apps you own , you can temporarily add your account , install the apps , then remove the account . the apps remain installed , even without the linked account .
i have several bluetooth-gps adapters that i use with all of my devices when i need a superb signal because a specialiced receiver is almost always superior to a smartphone 's internal gps ( due to integration constraints ) . gps receiver : my favourite is the bluemax 4043 bluetooth receiver . it has more than one day uptime , it can also log 32mb of gps data and uses a cheap nokia bl-5c battery . linux support ! openstreetmaps wiki has a comprehensive list of good receivers ( search for the bluetooth enabled ones ) . software support : cyanogenmod7+ can connect to gps bluetooth receivers , stock android users may install 3rd party apps like bluetooth gps provider . it is very handy for my nook color tablet that has no gps but bluetooth ( asus transformer prime users also have this kind of problem ) .
as pointed out by al 's comment above , it is not a question of which browser does support it , but rather of how to enable it . and as sachin 's comment suggests , available solutions depend on whether your device is rooted ( more and better possibilities ) or not . non-rooted devices as long as it is for the browser only , there are multiple easy solutions . so does e.g. http proxy settings give you access to the hidden http proxy settings the android system itself has available . for more than browsers , asproxy might be a choice -- but it is not for free . it even provides a by-pass for e.g. local networks -- so you can decide which addresses are routed via proxy , and which can be accessed directly . rooted devices first-choice obviously is proxydroid : highly rated , it offers a hell of features : support http / https / socks4 / socks5 proxy support basic / ntlm / ntlmv2 authentication methods individual proxy for only one or several apps multiple profiles support bind configuration to wifi 's ssid / mobile network ( 2g / 3g ) widgets for quickly switching on/off proxy low battery and memory consumption ( written in c and compiled as native binary ) bypass custom ip address dns proxy for guys behind the firewall that disallows to resolve external addresses pac file support ( only basic support , thanks to rhino ) and , another big plus : this app is open source and free !
it will be stored in the root of your device ( /sdcard ) . if you plug your phone into a computer and access the phone you should see it like this : ( this is on my nexus 7 but it will appear the same )
in answer to my own question ( and in thanks for the answer already provided ) , but the problem was that in my office , my phone uses wifi router which is connected to the internet via a firewall . and on this firewall one of the necessary imap ports was blocked . my collegue changed this setting , and now gmail is behaving as expected . i am really not in the habit of choosing my own answers as the selected answer , but for this question , this was the solution . hope it helps others !
as it says : " root on xyz " means xyz is a pre-condition for this rooting instructions ( so yes , it must already be on the device ) " install xyz " means , well , to install xyz ( whether it already was on the device or not ) .
you can see the advantages from the developer 's home page . superuser elite is the premium version of superuser . it unlocks several premium features within superuser , including : pin protection – secure your superuser prompt with a pin number so that nobody but you can grant superuser rights to apps access timeout – allow an app to maintain superuser rights for a set amount of time , so that you can allow certain apps access without having to remember them or press allow multiple times ghost mode – hide superuser from your app tray and home screen . with ghost mode activated , the only way to launch it is by dialing a secret code into the dialer . the default secret code is *#*#787378737#*#* , but it can be set to whatever you want . note that this feature will probably be disabled if your device does not have a dialer ( tablets specifically ) . advanced log management – set the log to only store a certain number of entries before deleting the oldest entry . you also gain the ability to set certain apps to not log at all . advanced notification management – set which apps send notifications and which apps don’t toast notification placement – if you choose to use toast notifications instead of status bar notifications , you gain the ability to set where the notification will appear ; top , bottom , or center of the screen , or the default location
for users with ice cream sandwich : using the stock messaging app , you can attach contacts to the message either on " text " or " vcard " formats . when writing the message : touch the device " menu" ; touch " attach" ; touch " contact" ; touch the desired method . you will then be presented with your contacts list to select the desired contact . screenshots taken from lg-p700 running android v4.0.3 .
this thread goes way back but i still were unable to find one in the market that seems to fit the description , so i made one myself . get it here : the widget updates hourly , and currently there is no way to configure that .
it sounds like your clock is 4 minutes fast . check to see if your phone is getting its time from the network ( on gingerbread , it is settings/date and time , not sure about cm 7.2 ) . if you are getting time from the network , try disabling automatic updates and set the time manually to a source like time . gov or time . is .
a bit of a hack , inconvenient and i am not even sure if it would work : download juice defender , set it to always keep data disabled and later check how much battery it claims to have saved you . as for the wifi , on my phone ( xperia neo v , 2.3 . ? ) , it is a separate entry on the battery usage panel . maybe you used it so little that it is not even displayed ( probably &lt ; 0.5% ) ?
because long pressing the power button on all most any android device ( if not all ) will reboot the device . it is meant to be the restart button in case on a device something goes wrong , you have the option to hard reset the device . to correctly shut down a device you have to tap the power button and select the option to power of , or if you are in cwm select " power off device " , or i think you can shut it down using adb to .
i had the same issue , not with cyanogen , but stock android in nexus 5 phone . i solved the issue temporarily as follows : go to Settings &gt; Developer Options change Animator Duration Scale to 0.5x ( may be more . at first i set it in none , so it did not work . changing to 0.5x solved my problem . i did not check other options like 1x etc ) . this method solved me in nexus 5 . ( not sure about note 2 , try it and let 's know )
i ended up compromising on this by setting google voice to " ask on every call " , which gave me a chance to cancel the call . the downside is having to touch " make call without google voice " to put the call through .
if i remember well : in the language and input settings click the settings icon next google keyboard . you can then change the input languages settings and select multiple languages . finally go the advanced settings there should be a way to enable a key that allows you to easily switch your input method when typing ( from memory it was by holding the space bar ) bon courage !
just relocking will not work , you need to restore the ta partition ( which contains drm keys for bravia engine ) that you must have backed up before unlocking your bootloader .
the bravia engine would need to be included in the new rom you are installing . it is a software screen enhancement . http://allenramos.blogspot.ie/2013/05/enhance-your-android-phones-display-w.html?m=1 the sony mobile bravia engine 3 is a video enhancement program for sony phones . it uses filters and algorithms to create a clearer and more contrasted picture and an overall smoother experience . alternatively there are often flashable zip file mods for the bravia engine for different devices .
with tasker , you could try this : condition : state &rarr ; power task : send sms ( note that compose email / compose mms / compose sms only open the dialog and let you edit , so you would need to use the send sms option to have it automatically sent ) .
this is how google voice works by design . here is the relevant exert from the help article : each time you place a call , instead of dialing the number you want to reach , google voice dials a us-based direct access number . the google voice server then forwards your call to the actual destination number . this allows for faster call setup and the ability to place calls without a data connection . these direct access numbers may show in your phone 's call log , or on your phone bill . a unique direct access phone number is assigned to each person that you call . the direct access numbers are stored in the google voice application , not in your contacts . they can be purged from your phone at any time by signing out of the google voice app . direct access numbers are assigned randomly , and may include numbers that are out of your local calling area , or even out of state . if you do not have a nationwide calling plan , you may be charged long distance rates by your carrier . basically unique , auto-generated numbers are assigned to your contacts as you dial them . these numbers do not change , but will be different from your contacts ' actual telephone numbers .
there is lots of apps that perform the function of restricting access to other apps . simply head to google play and search for " app locker " .
i do not think that developer released a version of that rom that is compatible with your device so my advice to you would be to go to the optimus 2x forum and find a jelly bean rom there or you can check out this link other roms :
you can uninstall an application from the market or from the manage applications settings screen . from marketplace : start the market app . hit the menu button and select downloads . find the app you want to uninstall and select it . hit the uninstall button at the bottom . from manage applications : from your home screen hit the menu button and select settings . select " applications " select " manage applications " find the app you want to uninstall and select it . hit the uninstall button at the top . edit : i wanted to add a 3rd method that rohan singh had in his answer . from your home screen : tap and hold on the icon of the application you want to uninstall . when the trash can appears near the bottom center of the screen , drag and hold the icon there . after the tap and hold / drag and hold some text will appear indicating that you can uninstall by dropping the application 's icon on the trash can . release your finger over the trash can and you will be taken to the same uninstall screen you can get to through manage applications in your settings .
click " applications " , click menu button , click " edit " . you should now be able to drag the email icon away . then just replace it with the gmail icon by dragging it to its place . the other way is to configure the mail application to connect to gmail with imap or pop , but i would not recommend it since gmail app is much better . hope this helps !
check out the " barebones " page in cyanogenmod 's wiki .
yes you can , there should not be any problem for using your phone as pda only .
the serial interface you see is a qualcomm diag interface . it has nothing to do with adb/fastboot . it can be used to recover the phone though by flashing the proper bootloader . you will need to use qualcomm tools like qpst and find the proper flashing image in qpst format .
i hate when that happens . it happened to me more times than i could count while i was traveling through western maryland ( and it is even worse when the phone mysteriously switches from 4g to 1x and refuses to go back to 4g or even 3g ) . . . anyway , there are three things you can try . the first , obvious one is to relocate the phone to somewhere that you get a better signal . this may not help much at all if you are in a fringe coverage area and in a residence , but it is definitely something you should attempt . next , to force the phone to reconnect to the network , just toggle airplane mode on and off . ( btw , do not bother with any of those so-called " network signal booster " apps . all they do is toggle airplane mode on and off , hiding the notification bar so you can not see what it is doing . ) this is probably your best bet . in my experience this will get your high speed connection back most of the time , but you still are not guaranteed to keep it long enough to finish your download . your phone also has a secret menu which can be accessed by entering *#*#4636#*#* into the dialer . in this menu you can view various statistics about the mobile data connection , as well as change which network types the device will try to connect to . ( the exact types vary by device and firmware revision , and i do not have a droid 3 on hand , so you will just have to look and see for yourself . ) in my experience , though , this did not help much ; the phone would just give me no data service instead of 1x , or refuse to connect to 3g/4g , or to any network at all . also , be careful in this menu ; if you change a setting and do not know what to change it back to , you could completely kill your ability to connect to the network , requiring a factory reset .
the specs at gsmarena mention tv-out ( via mhl a/v link ) , which suggests it should work . on the other hand , expertsreview states : the micro usb port also doubles up as a display output , though surprisingly it does not use the mhl standard that we have seen on numerous recent devices , such as the samsung galaxy s3 . instead it supports the new slimport standard , which is based upon displayport . which suggests the standards are incompatible ( other sources i consulted underline this ) . an even clearer hint you will find in a review by anandtech : when i wrote that review it was not immediately clear what advantages slimport offered over mhl , which has become relatively ubiquitous in the year or so since its introduction . since then i have acquired the slimport microusb to hdmi 1.4 sp1002 and vga ( d-sub ) sp2002 adapters from analogix for testing out slimport on the nexus 4 . . . . as of this writing , the analogix sp1002 adapter is available on amazon for around $30 usd . i have not seen the sp2002 available online anywhere yet , however . as this shows , there're slimport adapters available which are not that expensive ( though not that cheap either ) , and are probably better fitted for your purpose . as you either yet have to buy the cable , i would rather go for the right one .
check out this guy 's post on xda : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=11370203postcount=2 this might be considered a risky solution , but if you are not using the 3g connection at all and you are careful to simply rename the . apk 's he references you might just disable the cell radio without needing to use airplane mode . in case the link does not work , he suggests using root explorer to rename phone . apk to phone . apk . bak and telephony . apk to telephony . apk . bak thus disabling these two packages . you have to reboot your phone to finalize the changes . if it does not work , you should remove the . bak from each file name and they should be available again . at op 's request , a summary of his findings : Phone.apk is the Dialer app , which is responsible for the cell radio . PhoneTelephony.apk turns out to be just the Dialer storage , which we can kill just to save more memory . androidos immediately restarts Dialer when it is closed , so renaming it will cause problems . but after a battery-yank-reboot , everything is ok . it also gets rid of the annoying Activate your phone dialog that comes up on every boot . btw , the dialpad still comes up after getting rid of Dialer :- )
these guys recommend isyncr as a solution . cons : it is not free , and it will not sync copy-protected content .
this is not possible on most devices , since they do not support usb host mode . some devices have usb otg support or a usb host port , but these are relatively rare devices so far . in theory you could write an application on win/linux to access the phone via usb but not the other way around .
ok , this is embarrassing but i will leave it here for posterity anyway . tried another network and got slightly better performance ( probably b/c the hotspot had weak signal strength ) . after more investigation i realized that it was connecting to my network then disconnecting . turns out the password was wrong , but rather than actually telling me that , it just connected and then a few seconds later ( after i would left that screen ) it disconnects .
the solution i use for similar situation is trekbuddy . i am sure you will discard the idea of using this app if you did not understand it well . hence , read through its description in its play site and their forums . it requires little homework before any such serious use . but once you know your way ( pun intended ) through the application , it will be a breeze . with this app , you can plan your route on computer export it as gpx and together with few mp3 files you can create a turn-by-turn pre-planned navigation . be aware that if you miss your turn this will not reroute you back . you have to see the map that and continue either on the new route or try to join the pre planned route . to know about its other uses , take a look at my answer for the question " how to import gps coordinates track for using offline " you may also try osmand . you can create a pre planned route and export as gpx file . osmand can be configured to use this pre defined route . i could not get my head through the options and configurations to make this work . but from reading its help , i understand that this can do the above and even reroute in case if you miss your turn . personally , i like trekbuddy for its simplicity and its many features as i described in my answer to the other question . if you happen to succeed with osmand , please share your procedure with us . update : after reading through the forum pages of trekbuddy , i finally figured out how to use a pre planned turn by turn navigation feature and i tried today to ensure it is working . the steps involved are ( from scratch ) : install trekbuddy either from playstore or from their download link . run the app with gps switched on . press Menu and press Start and wait for gps fix . if gps fix is a success you will see the cross hair at your location in the world map . to display a map , you have to download raster map tiles from the service provider . these tiles are to be placed in a particular format and an application called mobac comes for rescue . this app creates such map tiles , indexes and even compress . various map sources like openstreetmap , opencyclemap , google maps* , google terrain* , google earth satellite* , yahoo maps etc can be used . explaining how to create a map will be bit out of scope here , and i will leave it to a rare tutorial available here in german . assuming you had successfully created a tarred atlas ( collection of map tiles as said above ) , you have to place the .TAR file and its subfolder inside \mnt\sdcard\Trekbuddy\maps folder . to load the map , press Menu button and touch Maps option and select the *.Tar file . depending on how you had layered the atlas , layers might appear in the next screen and if so , select a layer . trekbuddy might prompt you to mark this as default atlas . if acceptable click Yes and you will save all this step doing again . one map is loaded , you can ensure it by tapping any where in the screen , which will show the cross hair on your location in the map as identified by the gps . in your computer plan a route and mark turning points as waypoints . as an example , in this following image six waypoints are marked as wpt1 . . wpt6 . in computer , using a text editor , create a gpx file with following template . place the gpx file created as above in \mnt\sdcard\Trekbuddy\wpts folder . place sound files in amr format ( mp3 not tested ) in \mnt\sdcard\Trekbuddy\sounds folder . the file name of these files should be as mentioned in the gpx file . and finally , in trekbuddy app , press Menu , Navigation , Waypoints and choose the above gpx file . then choose the final waypoint , in this case wpt6 and press menu again and choose NavigateTo . when you start moving approach wpt1 , the sound assigned to wpt1 will be played . the setting Settings-&gt;Navigation-&gt;Wpt Proximity determines the proximity radius . the value is in meters and when the current gps position is within this imaginary circle , the sound will be played . i believe it has been discontinued since mobac version 1.9 onward due to legal pressure . old versions are not officially available but are still at large .
there is a " message format " setting located at settings > [ account ] > sync settings > message format . the choices available are " html " and " plain text . " not sure whether that will necessarily solve your particular problem , but perhaps try giving that a shot .
it looks like what you are describing is actually the proper behavior , though it is not particularly obvious why that is the case . android , by default , scrolls your wallpaper to the left and right when you swipe around your home screen . this means that there is a sort of " virtual " desktop that represents the collection of your home screen pages , and it is ( basically by definition ) larger than the screen 's resolution . the general rule is that the resolution of the virtual desktop will be 2x wider than the screen 's physical resolution , but the height will be the same . therefore , when android is cropping your image for your 1280x800 screen , it is actually attempting to create a wallpaper with an aspect ratio that lines up with your 1280x1600 virtual desktop . thus , if the image you use is 1280x800 ( like your screen ) , it will be cropped and scaled in the process . if you had like to make a wallpaper that fits the sizing of your virtual desktop without any cropping , what is the default resolution of a wallpaper that fits the homescreen exactly in an android phone ? contains some useful links and resources .
in fact , it is not necessary to install the entire sdk if one does not want to use it for development . to be able to run basic adb commands in the context needed by an average user , a rudimentary installation is completely sufficient . i will try to explain how to do this , and hopefully cover the most used computer systems . requirements first , you will need the basic binaries . these can be found e.g. on the download page of qtadb . files have been removed there , but are available at : binaries for linux ( alternative source ) binaries for windows ( alternative source ) binaries for macos also see alex ' answer for more alternative sources . above " minimal downloads " are extracted from there , so from alex ' sources you get them first-hand and just have to extract the binaries yourselves . ( remark : qtadb is an excellent graphical tool to manage your android device , including a graphical file manager , app manager , and more . some things require your device to be rooted , though . ) windows users if your computer is running windows , you will also need the special drivers for your device ( no generic solution here , so you need to check this out yourself ; usually , those drivers are offered for download on the manufacturer 's website ) . linux and mac os users linux and mac os users might need to make their device known to their operating system . for linux , you find the necessary steps described in my answer here . not being familiar with mac os , i can not speak for it . installation linux for linux , this is quite easy : simply unpack the downloaded binaries into a directory of your choice . at the time i am writing this , this will only be two files : adb and aapt ( the latter being used by qtadb , and not necessarily needed to execute adb commands directly ) . adjust their file permissions to make them executable ( e . g . from the command line : chmod 0755 adb aapt ) . finally , it is a good idea to include the chosen directory with your $PATH variable , so you can call adb from wherever you are . a good place for that is at the end of your ~/.profile file to include an additional line like export PATH="~/bin:$PATH" ( if you extracted the binaries to ~/bin ) . windows the windows download holds a couple more files . also extract them into a directory of your choice . if you want them to be callable from wherever you are , without preceding the complete path , you need to add that path to your environment variables as well . not being a windows user , i must leave the " how to do this " to you . what else ? you should be done at this point , and can use the full powers of the adb command line . further readings everything about adb ( a reference for everyone at xda developers ) adb for dummies ( again available via xda developers . if you miss the guides as i did firstly : the first article is consisting of links only , colorful as they might look : ) ) android adb quick guide
to see alternate routes , you need to use navigation as opposed to maps . if you already have maps open , click the blue arrowhead in the upper right to switch to navigation , then click the context button on your phone , then select Route Info , then click the third button to the right along the bottom which will have both a dashed and solid line going to a map pin . alternate routes will appear , and you can select them along the top of the route info map .
read an article at this location http://www.anandtech.com/show/4502/tmobile-g2x-review-gingerbread-infused/9 seems to be a software problem . imho root and flash cyanogen or install the rom after reading in xda
android runs the linux kernel for the core system and it can be ( and is ) optimized for various platforms ( compiled for arm , x86 , x64 , ppc , etc ) . here is a fantastic graphic to demonstrate this for you : source : post on unix . se android relies on linux version 2.6 for core system services such as security , memory management , process management , network stack , and driver model . the kernel also acts as an abstraction layer between the hardware and the rest of the software stack . source : http://developer.android.com/guide/basics/what-is-android.html and my comment on your second sentence is that linux kernel is not meant for only desktop operating systems . its use cases vary from desktop os to servers , mainframes and supercomputers to embedded devices . linux is a widely ported operating system kernel . due to its low cost and ease of customization , the linux kernel is used on a highly diverse range of computer architectures : in the hand-held devices and the mainframe systems , in devices ranging from mobile phones to supercomputers . on the other note : palm ( later acquired by hp ) use linux-derived operating system , webos , which is used into its line of palm pre smartphones . several network firewalls and routers from makers such as cisco/linksys use customized linux kernel . there are tons of devices out there which are using embedded linux .
stock keyboard ( as well as most 3rd-party keyboard apps ) has both auto-correct and auto-completion ( a . k.a. " suggestions" ) built in . access the keyboard settings via settings -> language and input -> android keyboard . from there you can enable and fine-tune the auto correction and suggestion options .
for locale , both gps and wifi triggers can drain the battery more quickly . locale 's built-in location condition can consider cell towers without gps if you set the diameter of the location condition to about 2km . there is also a locale condition plugin , " location ( energy-saving ) " , which uses cell towers to determine location . it takes advantage of the fact that the phone is already listening for towers . the biggest potential drawback for using the energy-saving location is when you are in an area dense with cell towers , like a major urban downtown with lots of tall buildings ( especially if you work higher up where lots of towers are visible to the phone ) .
as mentioned on it is wikipedia page , android 's core is developed in c and c++ , and java is used for the ui . you can see this for yourself if you browse the android source code . for example , omapzoom . org provides the source for browsing without the need to downloads gigabytes of data .
it is a known issue with the applocker app : http://code.google.com/p/applocker/issues/detail?id=8 it creates too many linux processes , causing devices to slow way down due to lack of memory .
problem with most log files is : they do not survive a boot , as they are stored on tmpfs ( a temporary file system in ram ) . so once you have to boot , they are gone . leaving your best chances to some app capturing the log and saving the capture to sdcard . as far as i know , alogcat is capable of that . an alternative is to send the log to another machine ( such as a pc ) via wifi , which can be done using logcat udp . the so-captured log might not directly mention the cause ( as the freeze probably keeps the final bytes from being sent/written ) , but at least it should yield some useful information of what was going on at the time of the freeze . some other sources you might want to check : where are log files located on android ? how can i view and examine the android log ? plus check the " related " section to the right of this page : )
originally posted by @ott-- in the comments , this answer did the trick . i am posting it as an answer since ott-- has not . is not the target named /sdcard or /storage/sdcard and not /system/sdcard ?
i found out what the problem was : on every single device there were ' battery saver ' apps installed . the devices are in my workplace , so i am not the only one who uses them and someone must have installed those apps . i did not care for them until now and they never did any harm , but they somehow must've interferred with the new 4.4 android . after uninstalling them everything is fine on all devices : )
rooted or not : logging in via adb shell first brings you to a user-prompt only ( connected with the " shell " account ) . in order to work with root , you need to " escalate " your permissions by invoking su: &gt; adb shell shell@mako:/ $ su #  apart from that , there are a few root checker apps available as well . . .
i doubt very much that your battery is actually gaining energy , what with the conservation of energy and all that . instead i imagine that the meter is fairly inaccurate , and is inaccurate in a different way just after you turn on the phone , than when the phone has been running a while .
if you can access an adb shell , you can flash a recovery . if you open the recovery zip up and go to meta-inf/com/google/android/ you will find 2 files , you want " updater-script " . open this up with a text editor , and look for something that says dd followed by recovery . img . in that line near the end there should be something like " of=/dev/block/mtdblocknumbersnstuff " copy that line . from here on i will refer to that as " of=x " now go back to the zip folder and extract recovery . img to somewhere convienient . connect your phone to the computer and boot into recovery , then run adb push /path/to/recovery.img /data/recovery.img adb shell #cd data #ls  here it can output a bunch of stuff or nothing , but you are looking for " recovery . img " if you see it , good job , continue . if not , start over from the " adb push " command . dd if=recovery.img of=x  from there reboot back into recovery and you should see the recovery you just flashed .
not sure if this question can be answered any more , because i have had the english uk male voice back for a while now . turns out it was google changing things - not me . just one day it reverted back to the male voice . thanks to the guys who answered though ! : )
as the screenshot clearly shows , the app to take screenshots and the app to indicate the battery level never got closed . yes your are absolutely correct , even it display no of application are closed it actually free resources used by application . as per my understanding it closes some running services which are nothing but ui less applications . some applications which are installed in device uses this service for many reasons such as alarm clock , or to check periodic update of an applications etc . there are some service though that even you close them manually they just get restarted .
from your description , there are two obvious possibilities . the first is that some static electricity or oil on the touch screen is causing it to think you are touching it . try giving the screen a good wipe . also , earth yourself by holding a metal water pipe with one hand , and cover the screen with your other hand . the alternative is a manufacturing defect in the touch screen . faulty touch screens are quite a common problem with cheaper tablets . if you can manage to do this with all the false touches , try to install a paint program from google play and run it on your tablet . leave the paint program running for a few minutes , and any false touches will paint on the screen . you can see where they are happening . you may see a pattern to them , such as all being in one strip of the screen , or always at one point . that would confirm that it is a fault in the touch screen , in which case you should return your tablet and get it replaced .
try bird bar . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mikedg.android.bar.lite and now , for the rest of my 30 characters . . .
since you have evervolv 's rom i assume you have a custom recovery . backup all the files on your sd card . boot to recovery and partition your sd card . i would suggest at 1gb for sd ext .
yeah this happens on moto x too . you can long press on the notification and click on app info . then force stop the application that posted the notification ( system ui ) . doing so does not seem to affect anything else . annoying we have to do that but better than restarting phone .
no , you cannot change the resolution of android in vnc in a standard way . however , some android phones have additional functions to support hdmi ( which results in running android at a higher resolution ) . if you can somehow tap into that functionality in conjunction with vnc , then you might be able to get a 480p , 720p , and 1080p option . but this is something that would be highly customized to a single phone as all of the different hdmi implementations seem to vary tremendously . one other option that would be yet another one-off possibility ( with some custom work ) would be if your phone supports webtop functionality . if so , perhaps you could tap into this . however , there is no third-party app that does what you are wanting . to do this , you will have to develop or find somebody to develop this highly-customized solution . as other have suggested , you are probably not going to get much better than changing the lcd density , which clearly is not what you are after .
have you searched in the market using " google " as the publisher ? gmail / maps / search are available there . also found this link - http://handheld.softpedia.com/get/internet-utilities/instant-messenger/gtalk-106808.shtml
with google now/voice actions i do not think there is any way to do this . some actions will happen automatically after a short delay ( "note to self . . . " is one i know offhand ; there may be others ) , but text messaging requires you to actually press the " send " button on the card that pops up . however , you could try a third-party app for these specific functions that you had like to be completely hands-free . dragon works a bit more closely to siri , acting in a conversational manner , and will prompt you for a " yes/no " to send a message in a very similar fashion . skyvi is another option you could try , which will send text messages automatically after a 5 second delay ( during which time you can press a " cancel " button to stop the sending ) .
you can still use all the functions of the phone ( except carrier based calling of course ) without a carrier contract . however , the cell radio will eat up battery hugely ! to turn off the radio , dial *#*#4636#*#* , scroll down and click the " turn off radio " button . bluetooth and wifi will still function normally . if your phone is rooted you can actually turn the radio off by setting a script to run that will automatically turn off the radio at boot time : create a script as a text file at the root of your sd card containing this text : # ! /system/bin/sh # ! /system/bin/radiooptions radiooptions 1 install script manager app . open script manager and then select the script you created . check the " run as root " option and the " run at boot " checkboxes . click the " save " button , and then click " run " to test . i do exactly this with my old og droid myself and use it as a dashboard cam when i am driving to record in case i am in an accident .
install an app called audiomanager . it has separate vibrate checkboxes for alerts and ringer . setting the checkbox for alerts fixed the issue for me .
apparently , this might not be a built-in security option in the os itself , but exchange activesync can enforce this requirement .
the answer is indeed as dan hulme mentioned : tap once on the notification ( sms , phone etc ) . this makes that notification shrink and fade , when in fact it is selecting it ; extremely unintuitive but that is the way they implemented it . . . this makes an empty grey box appear in the bottom half of the screen with no label . what you need to do now is drag across this box . again , no label , no instructions , no suggestion , bad ui ; but it does what you want : unlock the screen and go to the app corresponding to the notification ( sms , phone , etc ) . thanks dan for the answer .
according to some users in this thread , application named " superoneclick " is able to successfully root your handset . you will need to install it on your computer ( various windows and linux flavors available ) .
check the following android apps on google play despy camera ( free ) volshutter camera
the availability option has been deprecated in hangout . to make yourself invisible or so , either you have to downgrade to gtalk or the easiest way you can do this by going to your gmail account from your pc . there you should find this availability option .
i ended up trying several things mentioned in the xda-developer thread : changing the networkmode from gsm / wcdma automatic to either gsm or wcdma , xda-users claimed that switching between these two modes is a huge battery drainer . in my experience this was the most important one . installing a widget , so i could check whether bluetooth and gps were really turned off . especially gps could run in the background , after using google navigation , without displaying the icon . turn off syncing for apps you do not really use or rate limit updates to a larger interval . you can always update manually and getting new contact info once a day is more than enough ! remove widgets that need regular updates , even though the sync setting should have control this . as i am using a htc sense phone , i turned off all their proprietary apps , i simply do not trust the power usage of things like footprints . if you apply all these settings , you should manage to get a full days worth out of your battery , unless you play too much angry birds .
you can export the contacts from gmail , than edit in whatever editor you want and than import back to google . your phone should then update the changes . how to export from gmail : http://support.google.com/mail/bin/answer.py?hl=enanswer=24911 and how to edit the csv files : http://support.google.com/mail/bin/answer.py?hl=enanswer=12119topic=1669027ctx=topic there are also related links on the left ( for import and other questions ) if importing them back to google makes duplicates , remove all google contacts and then import from csv . if your phone does not currently use google contacts sync for it is contacts you can try a similar " hack " by exporting contacts to the sd card and then importing them back .
as far as i can tell and from links like this and also this link ( for different devices obviously ) it seems that once the usb is plugged in that is what will charge the device , and the wireless-charging is disabled . the nexus 4 has two main power circuits : 1 ) battery connector and charging circuit and 2 ) wireless charging gen2 circuit . these two work together with internal battery protection circuit as well . there are many controls going on while charging , such as current sensors , thermal sensors , voltage reference and voltage input detection . so basically it has been thought to avoid any problem if you happen to connect both charging supplies at the same time , as only one will act as the charger , and as far as i can understand the logic of it , it’s the usb charging that has priority over wireless charging .
when connecting to a mac , it is no longer a direct option , but there is an easy workaround . from the mac , download , install and start this app : http://www.android.com/filetransfer/ the mac app will prompt you to connect your android . plug the android into a usb port . on the android , select “media sync” mode . on the mac , the file transfer app will show a window with file/folder selections . on the mac , open a finder window , then drag and drop files back and forth between finder and the android file transfer app . unlike the old “disk drive” option , the android file transfer app does not provide access via a mounted volume .
you do not need to disable anything :- ) step-by-step guide : update your recovery to the latest version download this 4.4.3 update and supersu place these files in sdcard boot in recovery wipe cache and dalvik cache flash 4.4.3 update and supersu ( ~15/25 mins ) reboot re-install x-posed framework from its installer re-install custom kernel now you have 4.4.3 and all of your customization without losing data ; - )
this solution does not require any app : upload pictures by email to flickr . as a one-time setup , find your private flickr email address and i recommend you add it as a contact in gmail . then , from the gallery , share by email , and send it to your flickr email , optionally typing a description in the email subject . setup an ifttt rule to upload to facebook pictures you send to flickr . to make it simpler , you can reuse this recipe . benefits : you are not relying on any third-party app , and can use the standard android tools . you can queue images for upload ( sorting , entering descriptions , deleting locally ) , even if you are offline , say abroad with no wifi or data connectivity . the pictures will be queued in your email outbox and will be sent when you are back on the grid .
what i wanted does not seem to be possible . it makes sense , really , as if it were possible it would represent a major security hole that would allow any app to gain root . i ended up wiping my phone and testing the quality of my backups . ( they were not as good as i would hoped . )
i have also seen the 3 scrolling types you mention below , but it always seemed to me that the 3rd one was more a bug than a feature . the htc desire ( which i have too ) is not known to have a great digitizer , the part of the screen that handles the finger positions and movements . furthermore , it is not " multitouch " , meaning it cannot handle properly more than 1 finger on the screen , although there are tries to support it but i have never seen it work constantly good . see this page for more proof . it is true that it would be a nice feature , maybe on other phones with a better touchscreen and a further version of android with more gestures supported . why not for example scrolling down with 2 fingers would trigger a super-fast scroll or a " go to bottom " action ?
ok , i made a backup in case and then i performed the upgrade . end result : it did not wipe my data . it did not re-lock my fastboot , or any other side effect that i could find except updating the bootloader version either .
this sounds like a typical bluetooth interference problem . it happens to me from time to time , but i did not notice any correlation with the android version i use ( neither on n1 nor ns ) .
the problem is gone after a fresh install . now , there is no need to answer .
there is a nice ( free ) alternative keyboard on the android market - that is somewhere between swype and the built in keyboard - called touchpal . it allows for three different layouts ( 16 key , 20 key and qwerty ) and you can set a default for different orientations - i.e. 20 key for portrait , qwerty for landscape . and there is a bunch of other things it does that make it nice and easy to use . one thing to note is that it is made for chinese and english input but there are options to turn off the chinese input . also , some version of android have a bug that sometimes prevents a newly added input method editor ( ime ) from showing up properly . you may need to restart the handset after installing . all that aside , i use it every day on my htc desire as a replacement for the stock keyboard and i could not do without it . have a look at cootek 's site or search market for cootek or touchpal .
first , especially for " newbies": hovering your mouse over the adb tag will reveal some info . clicking the info link there brings you to the tag wiki , providing you some information to get started . the second link there ( everything about adb ) contains the answer to your problem : adb push C:\Desktop\TitaniumBackup.apk /sdcard/ for the target , only specify the path , do not include a file name . so your command should look like : adb.exe push c:\main.1.com.redcricket.Audiobook.obb /mnt/sdcard/Android/obb/com.redcricket.Audiobook  a special error you included is the backslash ( \ ) which , on windows systems , is a path separator -- but on posix systems ( unix/linux/android ) is an " escape character " ( directory separator on these systems is the " forward slash " , / ) .
hit the menu button ( bottom left of the phone ) and then click on the star ( which will be at the top right of the dialog which appears ) . the star is only to the right of the url on the omni bar on the desktop version of chrome .
i believe it depends upon the music player app . have you tried using another music player ? in my case , i did not encounter this issue . i have used samsung galaxy 3 with several music players including stock player and also with a bluetooth headset . i think the app itself is the cause for this , which is causing screen wake-up on next/previous , and in my opinion is a poor implementation . i do not know of any apps which allow to change the screen on behavior like this . it may be available in cyanogen-mod perhaps .
seems like " droid vnc server " doing the job .
snoozy charger ( also in the play store ) takes care of this . the free app ( as in bear and speech ) that lets you manage behavior during charger connection and disconnection . it requires no permissions , but does require you giving it device admin permissions . these permissions are only used for to control device locking , as verifiable in its source-code . from quickly going through the app’s source-code , it looks totally harmless and benign . if the app does not behave as you want , make sure to go through the settings . for example , “turn off screen only when locked” is enabled by default . this means that the app will not kick into effect if you have an on/off-button-press-lock delay or other related settings . it works perfectly for my on a wireless charging pad and with micro-usb cable using a lg nexus 4 device . i am very satisfied . update : i documented additional issues here .
it is not a usb mic , but i have found a solution for external mic via 3.5 mm jack . look at my answer on this question : how do i use an external microphone with my galaxy nexus ?
the first versions of the android market on tablets did not have an option to rate an app . rumors are that google wanted to prevent bad ratings on apps , because they were not optimized for tables ( yet ) . some say that they received an market update that enabled the rate function . my lenovo thinkpad market has not got it yet . but it seems just a matter of time . until then , you can rate apps on the web version of the market .
we are using exchange on serveral devices at the office ( for testing ) and what i noticed is that sometimes exchange services seem to drain alot of battery even when set to a low interval or push . this typically happens when exchange is trying to pull some data from the server but an error occurs . the end user ( you ) does not always see the error . for me usually a reboot fixes the problem , worst case remove the exchange profile and reinstall it afterwards .
android does not support a standby or hibernate mode .
for a real safe and complete wipe , you might want to take a look at nuke my device . if you are just after a factory-reset , this can be find in settings . but then you should not forget about your other storage ( sdcards – internal as well as external ­– are usually not dealt with by a factory-reset , though some roms do so ) .
no - as you have correctly ascertained , a custom rom is most likely your best bet . also , the bounce effect is a samsung " feature " - by default android uses the glow effect to indicate the end of a list . i am also unsure if this is a froyo only feature , because iirc , one of the ui updates was the glow effect , which samsung did incorporate into their later rom releases .
it depends on the live wallpaper in question , but in general , the wallpaper only runs when the home screen is visible . since you are usually running an app or have the screen off , the live wallpaper has no effect most of the time : the extra battery use is limited to when you are looking at the home screen . this is not always true , though . some live wallpapers also run extra things . for example , the live wallpaper might periodically run in the background so that it can change its appearance based on your email inbox , or weather reports from the internet , or the accelerometer . for that reason , some live wallpapers might use quite a lot of battery . in that respect , live wallpapers are no different from any other app . if they are inefficient or do a lot of work , they will run your battery down quickly . if they are efficient and simple , you will not notice any extra battery use . unless reviewers comment on it , you will not know until you try .
i think this post provides some information about it . it also seems to be consistent with what i have tried . instead of partitioning the sd card , mounting an .img with a ext4 filesystem is a simple workaround .
if it starts to boot ( goes to the boot logo/animation ) or recovery/download mode at least tries to load , then the motherboard is not damaged . your device is soft-bricked , and just needs to have a compatible rom flashed , and your userdata erased for your device to be fully functional again . the person is the service centre does not know what hey is talking about ( i would not trust those people - they just want your money ) .
use data2sd instead of creating the symlink manually from the terminal . usually sd cards are formatted with fat32 , data2sd creates an ext2 embedded partition instead . . . more detailed explanation here .
turned out i was not being patient enough . it took a little while for my phone to realize it needed to connect to data services ; after that the tethering worked fine . it helped for me to open my email on my phone , just to give it a little nudge .
there are a few options available , but the effective ones i came up with will require root access . and the second option may require an unlocked bootloader ( i am not sure if the note 2 can unlock its bootloader or not ) . even if you have the most recent version of android , google has not enabled multiple users for phones ; they figure people share tablets , but have their own phone . and there are some issues that come with multiple users on a phone . specific app profiles ( root required ) there are apps such as titanium backup that let you create profiles for apps , and it works on any version of android . you select the apps that you want to be multi-user . then you add a widget to your homescreen that lets you choose which user you want to switch to . titanium backup will then back up the data for the current user and restore the backup data for the user you select . if you are worried about one user getting text messages , you will either have to insert a different sim for each user ( and thus change the phone to a new number ) , or set up each person with a google voice number . then , have the google voice app be set up with multiple profiles . full nandroid backup/restore - most effective ( root required ) if you root it and install a custom recovery , such as clockworkmod ( cwm ) or twrp , it would be a very simple process . just do a full backup of the phone , then do a factory reset . give the phone to your mom , and she can set it up like her own phone . once she gives the phone back to you , do a full nandroid backup again in the recovery , then recover your own image . this will clear all her data ( except anything stored on the sd card , such as images and other files ) and restore your own . after you boot up the phone , it will be like she never touched it .
you do not need any special software . on recent linux distributions such as ubuntu 13.04 , all the right drivers for mtp are installed by default . when you plug your phone in , you get a file manager window that shows the contents of your phone . the phone appears as a normal directory , so you can drag-n-drop files , use rsync to sync files , or anything else you normally do to move or manage files . some apps , such as shotwell ( for photos ) and clementine ( for music ) also detect that your phone acts as a media player , and offer specific functionality for syncing a music collection , transferring and processing photos , in a high-level interface that works on playlists and albums instead of just files . you do not need to use this kind of software , but it is there if you prefer not to worry about exactly where each file is stored . on older ubuntu versions and some other distributions , you might need to install one or more mtp-related packages through the package manager to make this work . you still do not need any hardware-specific software , and the forum or manual for your distribution will explain exactly what setup is needed .
as it turns out , the problem was caused by deleting wpa_supplicant . wikipedia can offer a little insight on what that means : in addition to being a full-featured wpa2 supplicant , it also implements wpa and older wireless lan security protocols . it further is responsible for the job to review a list of currently visible networks , select one of them , provide any additional security information needed to authenticate with the network ( e . g . a passphrase or username and password ) and add it to the preference list to enable automatic reconnection in the future . as it is said : curiosity killed the cat -- and deleting wpa_supplicant makes it quite impossible to use wifi . there are three corresponding files on android : /system/bin/wpa_supplicant is a binary ( i.e. . the program itself ) /system/etc/wifi/wpa_supplicant.conf is the default configuration ( as the path correctly suggests , in the read-only /system area ) , which also includes device-specific settings , plus some " inline documentation " in form of comments /data/misc/wifi/wpa_supplicant.conf is located in the writable part . it repeats some of the contents from the system file ( most likely copied from there on initialization -- as /data gets completely wiped on a factory reset , those things must come from somewhere ) , but skips the comments . furthermore , this file memorizes those networks you have connected to , including ssid , encryption used , and the passwords , all in plain text [ sic ! ] -- that is where those " wifi password recovery " apps get their information from so if the latter config was deleted , it simply would be re-created after a boot . of course , all your saved networks would be lost -- but that is a minor issue compared to the others : if the system-config file gets lost , the binary does not now where to look for the interface , as that is configured here ( e . g . ctrl_interface=tiwlan0 ) . this would also explain the missing mac address : no known device , no known mac address . still , recovery from that should not be too hard : there are not too many different interface names , and other settings ( like the chipset used ) can be taken from specifications -- so root provided ( which is the case , or you could not have deleted it ) , you could re-create a matching file with a little try-and-err . if the binary was removed , options are narrow without a backup . having a similar device available running the very same rom , you could extract the binary from there ( the config as well , or course ) . if you have at least an image available for your current rom , you could extract it from there as well . if all above fails : yes , flashing a rom would solve the issue as well -- as this rom should contain the necessary files . it is quite unlikely you damaged your hardware that way .
i am using trillian for android . as far as i know it is still in beta , but worked well for me so far . though i did't use it in any extreme situations yet . oh , and it does not handle calls yet . edit : it is out of beta . . . and now you have to pay for it . if you do not like that , or do not have the money ( or you can not buy apps from the market like me ) you should use something else .
if it happens when the phone is off it is gotta be a bad hardware connection . i am guessing on of the leads just barely makes contact or something . you may want to get a replacement .
i am english , but a southerner with a fairly rp accent , and using voice recognition for google searching is pretty accurate for me . unfortunately this sounds like it is an accent thing . i know google offer their 411 directory voice service in the us , apparently one of the main benefits of this for them is that they can capture a huge amount of speech and use it to train their voice recognition with the words that people really use , in the accents they really use . until they start offering something like that over here i do not think their british regional accents are going to get better very quickly . update 15 dec 2010 : things are changing . google are starting to trial a new version of google voice that does personalised voice recognition and learns based on the way you pronounce words . unfortunately as it is a trial this for us android 2.2 users only at the moment , but hopefully it should be going out to the rest of the world if this trial is successful . if you are an english speaking android 2.2 user in the us , you can get the update here .
open the stock people app ( i.e. . navigate to your contact list ) > select the contact > select edit contact > select the camera icon in the top left corner . your options are gallery ( find an image already on your phone ) or camera ( take a picture of the contact ) . hope it helps !
ok , so it seems the only way to do this on android is to contact shazam customer support , give them your imei number and they will send you the list .
got to the bottom of this . if your data connection is not on when someone sends you an mms , the download has a tendency to hang . if you shut off the connection to save battery or have any app that does this ( like juice defender ) , this will happen to you a lot . go into the mms app 's settings and turn off the " auto retrieve " option for mms and you should be right as rain .
" why " is not a question well suited for our site , as it probably is a speculative question and such off topic ( see our [ faq ] ) . although , a short technical explanation : the company building your rom decided such . " how can i disable them " would be better fitting , and even has answers : if you cannot disable them from settings&rarr ; apps&rarr ; manage apps , you will need to root your device . having done that , there are several apps available allowing you to " freeze " unwanted system apps . the most well-known of them is titanium backup which , as a side-effect , provides you with a powerful backup solution . another candidate for that is app quarantine root/freeze .
the fastest way i know is from the home screen click menu-> settings-> applications-> running services . there are some task manager applications , though from what i have read they may be more trouble than their worth as far as bugginess and/or eating through your battery quickly .
i could start with the very same lamentations : no root no fun . as except for root only the app itself can access its data , there is no real way around -- except . . . but first an elegant alternative to the mentioned titanium backup : while running both ( rooted ! ) devices simultaneously , appsync can synchronize apps and data . so you could even start some game on one device , sync , and continue on the other -- just to give you one example . the one possibility without root requires at least ics ( android 4 . x ) . i am not sure whether this works betwenn different devices ( or whether some device component is used for encryption ) , but as far as i understood it should do : using adb backup and adb restore , which requires the android sdk installed on your computer , and is described in detail in the article on full backup of non-rooted devices .
/storage/sdcard/android is probably where all the data is . you can manually delete files out of there , but i would recommend using the application sd card maid . i say that just because it has a lot of functions to clean up data from apps that are no longer installed .
restarting your phone should resolve the issue .
it was released , but only in china : in may 2010 , the company launched its 2,899-yuan lephone , which china unicom sold 145,000 units after hitting the market , to compete with apple 's 4,999-yuan iphone4 .
if you are working in a high noise environment , a traditional mic is not going to help you . even with a noise cancelling secondary mic it will be very difficult for the equipment to pick your voice out of the noise and isolate it . you might look into a throat mic instead , which grabs your voice by direct contact with you rather than conduction through the air . these are especially suited for noisy environments .
seems due to a limitation in the os ( android i mean ) that hides ( why the hell ? ? ! ? ! ? ) ad hoc networks like hd2 creates . solution is posted on http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1060909 and is now working !
i do not know that lg makes the lock screen configurable like that , but you could always try a lock screen replacement . something like widgetlocker or lockbot might do the trick for you . lockbot has a free version , so i would start with that and see if it does what you want .
this has basically been answered in the comments above but i will wrap it all up into an answer : no , you can not play songs that have apple 's fairplay drm protection on your android phone without removing the drm protection ( which technically violates apple 's toc ) . as edarerathis pointed out , songbird does not actually support fairplay drm'd media , quicktime does , so songbird ( like realplayer ) uses quicktime to decode the songs and play them . it wont work without quicktime installed and so you can not use this functionality in linux or android .
the message means that your internal and/or external sd card are being scanned for media files . if you have recently added a lot of files , this can take some time . if this is not the case , the indexing might be broken . i would suggest backing up your data from the phone 's internal storage and your sd card , formatting both and trying again . if the problem persists , do a full factory reset . otherwise , try adding the data from the backups to the phone and see if the camera still works . if i remember correctly , you can find the setting to format the internal memory in Settings -&gt; Storage -&gt; Internal memory -&gt; Format and the full factory reset in Settings -&gt; Security -&gt; Factory reset , but these depend on your android version and might be relocated somewhere else .
well , this took a long time . for future searchers , here 's what you can do : find your contacts2 . db file hidden somewhere in android . most of the time it is located in /data/data/com . android . providers . contacts/databases . i was lucky and found it in a search through titanium backups ' tarballs . nab that file . it has everything in it in a sql database . i then found this excellent script to extract and convert all contacts into a . vcf format for easy importing into the next device . it is located here on github and requires two dependencies ( on an ubuntu 12.04 machine in which it was written for ) : sqllite3 and libsqllite3-dev : sudo apt-get install sqlite3 libsqlite3-dev  after dependencies are satisfied , save the script on github as dbconverter . sh . mark it as executable : chmod +x dbconverter.sh  use the script like this : ./dbconverter.sh contacts2.db &gt; contacts2.vcf  you will then have a lovely . vcf file for easy importing into your phone .
you could try using quick settings to toggle the 3g connection . it has seperate toggle switches for 3g and wifi but when wifi is on it automatically turns off 3g . when i click the toggle to turn on 3g it automatically disables the wifi .
sms backup+ will backup ( and can restore too ) your sms messages to your gmail account ( you have to enable imap in gmail ) the nice thing about it , it does it automatically . it can also backup your call log too email too .
it seems there is a further update to the xperia mini pro , probably 9.1 is way to go , might fix up that known issue . check on the cyanogenmod page for xperia mini pro .
the default reminder time is actually based on your calendar . if you open your calendar , open settings , and select general settings , " default reminder time " is near the bottom ( i am working from cyanogenmod 10 , but aosp/nexus devices should be similar ) . this controls the general notification time . the now functionality is separate , and ( from what i understand ) is based entirely on travel time . if your appointment has a destination that google recognizes , it will calculate travel time and pop up a card far enough ahead to allow you to meet that travel time and arrive on time . i am not positive if it factors in your reminder time into this or not , but it is possible that it is . if that is the case , it will notify you 10 minutes + travel time currently , and if you modify the calendar notification time , it should modify the now notification time . again , this is speculation based on how i understand now to function , but i believe it is fairly accurate based on my experience .
you do not need to make your own folders . the proper file to put the mp3s is /system/media/audio/ - where you will find folders for /alarms , /notifications , and /ringtones there are two things to keep in mind when doing this : if you are using full-sized . mp3 's , you will put considerable strain on the system when it comes time to load one . in my experience , two minutes of mp3 works fine for an alarm , but such a file takes a few seconds to load , and will not make for a suitable ringtone , unless you trim the file first . you will have to re-do this every time you flash a new rom . an alternative to this -- is to have them in /sdcard/media/ -- but if you have an older device , having them in the root directory allows for better performance . hth !
when it comes to user authentication , mobile browsers are no different from desktop browsers . mobile browsers do not get login credentials from local android accounts . if your primary google account is used automatically , it means you are logged in with this in dolphin browser . simply , go to google . com and sign out , then try again with trello .
i know the built-in android mail client does not sync read status with hotmail . have you tried the official hotmail client ? it does seem to support most of hotmail 's more advanced features .
i have a roku that is hooked up to my tv . i use plex to handle streaming videos from my pc and other devices . rokus are pretty cheap and plex has done what i need .
after giving thought to what geffchang said above , i came across with the app skitch which can be used to highlight webpages as you wish . added advantage for this app is you can directly synchronize your work with evernote , a widely used note-taking app .
your native camera app does not support picture effects as the sony devices with jb update . so you have to go for a third party camera app . there are several good apps out there . fisheye camera photo effects pudding camera fxcamera
what you are looking for is usually known as a ' receipt printer ' . a quick google for ' bluetooth receipt printer ' turns up a number of models from a variety of manufacturers ( quite a few of them are actually battery powered and portable - like you see at car rental places ) . the big problem here is that android does not really have any concept of local printing , so i think you are going to have to implement it yourself . android does have bluetooth communications apis ( docs ) , and i would be surprised if the printer manufacturers have not heard all this before , and have at least clues how to proceed ( after all , they like to sell printers ! ) . if you will be buying a significant number of printers , i bet they will happily help you talk to their devices . if that is too expensive for you ( and those printers look a bit pricey ) , then you could try usb . again , you can find usb receipt printers , which again you will have to learn to talk to . android does have a set of usb apis ( docs ) . on the plus side , my quick google for ' usb receipt printer ' turned up some sub-$75 choices right away , so this might be a good approach if you are price sensitive . i would also be willing to bet that at least some of the usb printers are actually serial devices with something like an ftdi chip bolted up to them . that means that talking to them is probably not very difficult . alternately , if you can find a cheap receipt printer that is serial or something , you could look at the ioio boards and software stack as a way to interface your android tablet to some funky printer . these are boards that adhere to the relevant android apis + software that makes them easy to talk to . the boards are available commercially , and the schematics are available , if you want to build your own , and they are designed to make hardware interfacing easy .
osmand is an offline navigation app and should support geo intents since 2011 . it has a fully functional free version and a reasonably priced paid version in the play store . it is foss also , so you could ask for the functionality to be improved or you could send a patch yourself if needed . there is also nightly builds available on the project 's site .
i would assume that it would be similar or the same as the 8gb nexus 7 , which is about 5.92gb .
i resolve it by this : call settings ~> auto screen off/on during calls .
if you add an empty file called . nomedia to a directory the media scanner will ignore it .
in case you cannot find a device-specific driver , it is worth trying the universal adb driver . it should work with most devices , so i would even say this is the first one to try -- especially when having multiple devices , as this gets you rid of the need for multiple drivers .
the groups tab in the contacts app shows the individual google contacts groups , including the built-in ones ( "coworkers " etc . ) and my custom groups , and they are browsable . this is on my galaxy s vibrant running 2.2 , with touchwiz .
go to voice . google . com . top right , click on settings -> voice settings . go to " calls " tab . turn call screening to " off "
since you have not mentioned , i assume you do not have nandroid backup . a nanroid backup is basically a backup of your android operating system from the phone’s nand memory , saved to the storage card . if you had that , you could have just restored the backup . now the alternative is , if you know the programs that were deleted by the performed command you could try getting the apk files and adding them in /system/app and rebooting the phone . i thing the best and easy way now would be to get the stock rom for your phone and flash it .
your contacts are automatically backed up to the google account you set up your phone with . so long as you have the " contacts " sync setting on , any changes you have made to your contacts should be mirrored in your gmail contacts online . after you wipe your phone , if you use the same account to set it up again the contacts will automatically download on the first sync . you can verify that your contacts are backed up by going online to gmail , clicking on " contacts " , and checking them against your phone 's address book .
firefox also requires an armv7 processor . the htc dream/g1 is officially unsupported because its processor is armv6 . see the supported/unsupported device list on the mozilla wiki : these devices have armv6 processors and are not compatible with firefox for android : . . . htc dream ( t-mobile g1 , android dev phone 1 ) . . .
as long as your phone is rooted , you can use the excellent button remapper app by appelflap as a convenient workaround . what the app will let you do is remap the camera button to work as the power button . after installing the app , find the entry for " ( camera ) " and set its action to " power " and its state to " wake_dropped " . ( wake tells the key to register even when the screen is off ; wake_dropped does the same but drops the key before it is sent to the running application . ) optionally , remap the " ( power ) " button to something innocuous like " home " and set its state to " none " — that way , in case the real power button becomes active in a jammed state , the button input should not mess up anything you are trying to do on the phone . after you are satisfied with your changes , click " apply " to reboot the phone for the changes to take effect . in case you messed up , there will be a notification from button remapper in the status bar , which will let you reset any changes you have made . note that even when using button remapper to remap the hardware buttons , the remapping will not take effect when the phone is off ( or you are booted into recovery mode ) . if your power button does not work , you will still have to use a workaround like plugging your phone into a charger in order to get the phone to power on from a shutdown state . seeing as how the power button design on the motorola droid appears to be partially defective ( i know of at least a handful of droid owners who have had the power button fail ) , on my replacement droid i made the point of remapping the camera button pre-emptively , in an attempt to minimize wear and tear on the power button . it is something to consider .
search light is open source , has no unnecessary permissions , and has a nice set of operating modes .
can you uninstall the application ? or is it one of those pre-installed apps ? if it is preinstalled , you will have to get root access to remove it completely , see here . however , removing it can potentially cause a brick if you factory reset your phone . edit : it looks like there are no easy ways to disable this app . you have two choices : factory wipe . during setup process , do not enable the backup assistant . do some trickery using this method mentioned in this post ( quoted below ) . it does not require a factory wipe . 1 ) be sure to have all your contacts backed up to your gmail account . check online before proceeding to step 2 . 2 ) log into your my verizon account . go to the contacts tab , sort by list view and select all contacts . delete the entire list . there is a deleted contacts tab as well . select that and delete anything that is in there . 3 ) go into your incredible settings tab , select applications , manage applications . do not sort or filter , allow list to populate . select sync service , ( icon resembles backup assistant icon ) select clear data . 4 ) also in manage applications scroll down to backup assistant , select clear data . this should do it . 5 ) to verify backup assistant is now disabled , select settings , accounts and sync , then under manage accounts , select backup assistant . you should be looking at a license agreement screen .
if you have linked a gmail account on your android , dont worry . . just follow these steps:- input the wrong pattern 3 or more times till " forgot password " button appears click on forgot password button and check your inbox
i think i got it . this is what i did : system settings > security > device managers disable kaspersky as device manager system settings > screen lock : swipe ( or what you want ) enable kaspersky as device manager now i can unlock the phone with one swipe . i use app protector to lock certain apps plus system settings with a different code . nb : the above names ( like device manager ) may not be 100% accurate as i am not using an english version of android . . .
once you hit the gray box and that ice list pops up , i believe you just have to select a contact from that list in order to assign that person/phone number to the box . just be careful with assigning contacts to the gray boxes because it can be very easy to pocket dial these people . in case you are interested in removing someone from the gray box , you select the menu button while on the " emergency dialer " screen and it'll give the option to remove the contact from the gray box . hope it helps .
the quick settings app puts that at your fingertips and , by default , is launched with a long-press on the search button .
with a combination of tasker and rotation locker you can keep your auto-rotation off but create a profile that sets the orientation for certain apps .
resolution easytether light ( no root ) is the best tethering software i have been able to find on the play store ; however , it blocks udp ports and secure protocols . updating to easytether full ( cost : 9.99 usd ) resolved the issues on all of the above-listed sites and services . it was very bothersome to go through all this and e-mail the developer , only to get a kind of boggled response from him . their faq does not mention this , and the message in the app was covered up by the " warning , do not scratch the camera " message i had written on my screen guard , up until yesterday ; so , i simply did not notice . i hope the developer will upgrade the app to include some kind of pop-up message indicating that this is the cause of the issue , or at least add the issue to the faq . thanks for all the comments and wonderful help !
this only applies if you have root access , as bryan already pointed out in the comments . i would suggest using a utility such as titaniumbackup to completely back-up all your applications and your data . it will be stored on your sd card so that you can transfer its files to another device and restore the backups on there .
assuming you have adb access to your test device , you can issue the following command : adb shell pm uninstall PACKAGE where " package " is the package name of your launcher app ( you should know this since you are creating the app in the first place . ) [ edit ] as requested , re-posting my comment as the answer : every site for zte blade has instructions for accessing the fastboot mode via volume up + power button combination . eg : http://wiki.cyanogenmod.com/index.php?title=zte_blade:_full_update_guide give that a shot and see if you can access the phone via fastboot . exe ( should be in the [ android sdk ] /tools/ directory . ) at that point you can flash a different recovery image ( clockworkmod , amon-ra ) that will allow access to /data/app to delete your program .
this is a known bug , and it is not entirely clear if it is the sms application or android 's sms implementation itself . you can see the ticket here , which was closed on jan 29 , 2011 . the fix has been slow getting out to phones other than the nexus line because carriers have not released updates that include it . one option in the meantime would be to try an alternative sms app , such as handcent or chompsms . however , though many people say that it does help , others have reported that the bug still persists on 3rd party apps . there is also a reportedly related bug that causes outgoing messages to be sent to the wrong recipient . the " opening the wrong thread " bug was closed as a duplicate of the " wrong recipient " bug , as the fix for the latter apparently applied to the former ( according to google ) .
if you have a locked bootloader , it is s-on . if you fully unlock the bootloader it is s-off . as eldarerathis notes below there is an intermediate state , where it is unlocked but still s-on , where you can flash recoveries and roms but not radio firmware and so on . if you do not unlock the bootloader , you can not flash unsigned firmware and most often can not alter your rom ( i.e. . , no permanent rooting ) . the locked bootloader generally restores a known good system image on boot if it sees that changes have been made . for some devices there is no known method of unlocking the bootloader ; most of the time you need something official like htc 's unlocker tool .
short answer you did the right thing , and do not need to be afraid . that popup was most likely caused by some javascript on the visited web site to make you download/install something really bad . it does not mean you are infected . explanation there are a couple of things to consider . first , if the popup really said " you have a virus " , your reacting was fully correct ( and the popup bluntly lying ) : there are no viruses for android , at least not " in the wild " . i know , the term got mixed up , and when speaking about anti-virus people really mean " an app against all kind of malware " . but no serious av app would speak of " you have a virus " , as that is technically incorrect . mixing in your " fear " from the second paragraph here : exactly that is what matches a virus definition , and makes it different from all other kinds of malware : the ability to " multiply itself " . as you 100% sure have no " virus " on your device , no need to be afraid about that . for details on the above , please see e.g. wikipedia : the defining characteristic of viruses is that they are self-replicating computer programs which install themselves without the user 's consent . there you see why a virus is close to being impossible : on android , the user is always asked for his " consent " when something is installed . now for the last part : who should have caused that popup ? do you have any av app installed and active ? your question does not suggest such . so if you have no such app installed , who should have popped up that warning ? android does not do that . so the most likely candidate was a part of the site you have visited . that is rather so-called scareware trying to make you install something bad . believe me , you did the right thing – and would possibly have been in trouble if you had acted differently .
that nokia code is a myth , it does not provide you with any more power , it actually does more harm than good if you are low on battery because it activates the better voice codec ( which consumes more battery ) . however , on android you have this feature called battery saver . here 's my settings screen for this function on a lg phone ( accessed by going to settings > battery > battery saver ) battery saver screen ( click image for larger variant ) the exact name for this feature varies from manufacturer to manufacturer . on a samsung phone it is called power saving mode . on a motorola phone it is called battery saver . this function can be activated manually or automatically when your battery reaches critical state ( 15% or below ) . what it does is turn off some non-essentials features of your phone ( bluetooth , nfc , sync , vibration , etc . ) so the battery can last a bit longer until you can reach a charger . however , your best bet when your battery is low is to limit screen usage , since it is the most power-hungry component of the phone . also , if you can cool down your phone somehow , do so . also , i found extra batteries and/or external batteries to be a better solution for the battery problem , but not everyone can afford them , so this function is your second-best option .
jelly bean upgrade ( 4.2 ) add support for group messaging . so , two solutions : upgrade your phone to jelly bean 4.2 . install a third party application that handles it : this one seems to have a fair number of good reviews .
google voice should do what you want if you are in the us . on my phone i can go to Settings -&gt; Call settings -&gt; Voicemail and set it as the " voicemail service " ( you will need the google voice app to do this ) . there might be other apps to hook into this voicemail service setting but i can not find any at the moment .
yeah they will auto update as long as you have enabled it under settings in play store . keep it in your mind though , rooting or installing custom rom will void warranty .
you can not remove it from the stock launcher , it is a permanent fixture . you can , however , install a custom launcher which is based on the stock one like apex launcher or nova launcher . you can also disable the google search app completely if you want to , but then you will not be able to use it at all ( also discussed on google groups ) .
there is an alternative launcher that purports to give the look-and-feel of windows phone 7 . i can not imagine it is more than " skin-deep " , however . some information ( and a video ) here : http://phandroid.com/2010/12/09/turn-your-android-phone-into-a-windows-phone-7-with-this-metro-ui-launcher/
it looks like this is either specific to the hardware of the camera or even the software the manufacture using on the device . i have a samsung galaxy s ( vibrant ) and i can pause and resume video recording . my previous device , the htc dream ( adp1/g1 ) could also pause and resume ( from what i can remember ) .
new app location alert will do this . never forget another task with location alert - now available completely free ! location alert is a cutting-edge application that reminds you to perform tasks based upon your current location , rather than time . often there are tasks to which you cannot specify a certain time , however , would like to be reminded when in a certain vicinity . for instance , you don’t know when exactly you will leave work this evening , but whenever you do , and are crossing the grocery store on your way home , you want to be reminded to pick up milk . location alert to the rescue ! do not know what time you will be crossing the science department , but need to remember to drop off that assignment whenever you do ? do not know what time you will reach office but must remember to hand in that check to accounting ? need a reminder to pick up the dvd you left at sam 's house whenever you are in the vicinity next time ? . . .
i found the answer here - it is a matter of adding qemu.hw.mainkeys=1  to /system/build.prop ( root required ) .
there are two ways known to me how this could be achieved : using a launcher which supports this there are several launchers available on google play which let you configure the grid size of your homescreen as well as of your app drawer . one of those is apex launcher , which i use myself . another example is go launcher ex , which i run on another device . i am pretty sure a load of other launchers does this as well . edit : holy whatever . if that is not enough , take a look at lighning launcher . grid size ? what grid ? who needs a grid ? icon size , font size , orientation -- feel free to design your own homescreen ! and now , for the size of the package . sitting ? 200 kb ( still looking for the hook ) , working with android 1.6 and up . truly amazing ! ah , and what comes below : multi-whatever is already included . widgets in folders ? no problem , either . . . well , that bunch of features must need permis . . . what ? only usb-storage ? can not believe . . . i just sent it to one of my devices to take a closer look : ) using " multi-widgets " there are some sort of " widget expanders " out there , which pick 4 ( or more ) widgets and combine them into one " compressed widget " . one example for this group is multicon widget . zoom and then there is zoom , from the dev of tasker ( with which it even integrates ) . according to its description , this also should be an option : unique on any computer : design your own homescreen widgets to do whatever you like ! position , size and overlay elements in the drag-and-drop editor . two views : full-zoom for easier editing , actual-size for previewing .
yes , the phone should behave same as without physical keyboard until you open the physical keyboard which will cause hiding the virtual one .
the only interactions presently supported by app widgets on the home screen are simple click events . so the answer to your question is no , drag and drop is not available with widgets . the reason the native folders can do this is because they are just part of the launcher activity so can be programmed to do more complex things than the widgets can
i do not know of any third-party app or site that does this . i did look around a few months ago and found nothing , but something might have come up since then . however , if the reason you are looking for this feature is because of limited app space , appbrain ( both the app and the website ) has a feature to view only apps with app2sd enabled .
you can right click by using 2 fingers at once . this is the same for microsoft 's rd client app for android as well .
the only things i know of are turning off images , javascript and plugins . you probably do not want to do all that but setting plugins to " on demand " is quite useful -- pages with flash ads and such will not waste your data or battery in addition to demanding less from your phone , and it is just one click to allow a particular object to run if you want to watch an embedded video or something .
i am going to say no . from the article you linked , egnos is primarily designed for airborne use and has limited ground applications . egnos looks to be designed more for commercial applications ( e . g . embedded navigation systems in vehicles , airline , etc . ) , not so much consumer devices nexus one 's gps is provided from the qualcom qsd8250 " snapdragon " chip ( specs ) . the specs for that chip do not mention any waas capabilities . furthermore , there are not any qualcom chips listed on the egnos registered devices list . if i am wrong about the chip , then it should just be a matter of software to enable it . i have not seen anything like that in the android source , but that does not mean it is not hiding there or in some third party bolt-on . what the nexus does use to improve both response time and accurace is a-gps ( assisted gps ) . this basically just means it us using the presence of other location clues ( cellular towers , wifi networks , etc ) to help triangulate a better/faster position . you can see this in action with the google maps application . if you have gps enabled and wifi disabled and open the maps application , it will prompt you to turn on wifi , even if you are not connected to a network . it uses a location database of wifi hotspots to help get a fix on your position , similar to skyhook
as a solution to #2 , geotag security is a program you could use . it ( should ) run in xp , so you would have to copy your pictures to your computer first , or hook your sd up via usb , but it should do the trick ! here 's the site where i found it , the above is a direct link to their site .
in honeycomb the option is in Settings -&gt; Location and security . in ice cream sandwich it is at Settings -&gt; Personal -&gt; Security -&gt; Encryption . if you are wondering about how android does encryption , take a look at this : http://source.android.com/tech/encryption/android_crypto_implementation.html naturally encrypting and decrypting requires some overhead , but i would not expect it to be too bad . undoing encryption does require a factory reset , so if you are doing it " just to try " you may want to do a backup first . if you are worried about security then i would definitely advise you to use it .
the device may have to be unlocked first . rooting will not unlock the device . you will also need information from the network you want to run the device on . like if the device is supported on their network , if they are able to active the device ( they will be able to tell you if they support it if you give them the esn/meid ) and what their mobile carrier code is ( sid/nid/mcc ) . i did find this info that may help once it is unlocked : from here , i will walk you through programming the tablet for ota activation with that carrier . if its the verizon galaxy tab , to get to the programming menu go to the notepad and type **772 to get to the manual programming . the spc code will always be 000000 from here touch down 3 times clear out the directory number with 10 0 's then hit down then clear out the msin with 10 0 's from here touch down here you will change the system id to what is necessary for that carrier . then you will hit left or right and then enter then hit down 4 times and you should see mcc , put the mcc number here then hit down 4 times , and the home sid should match the one you input , then you will change the nid for that carrier as well then you will hit down 64 times , and make sure cdma homesys reg is yes then hit down 6 times to where it says slot cycle index , change this to 1 by hitting touch here and clear it and hit 1 then exit service
it could be your number being " blacklisted " on your wife 's phone . there are a lot of apps on the playstore offering this feature , and some android versions can do so on their own ( just configure the contact in your contacts list correspondingly ) . so here 's what you could do : check with your sim card placed in some other phone ( if that option exists ; at least here in europe we can move the sim card around ) . your call should be still blocked/routed to voicemail then , so you know the issue is not with your phone ( e . g . dialing some prefix/postfix ) check your wife 's phone for installed apps like advanced call blocker etc . check your wife 's phonebook ( errm , or let her check ; ) for your record there and see whether it is blacklisted . if unsure , just delete it temporarily , then call her again . at least cyanogenmod lets you manage a separate blacklist . with cm , it is found in the call settings . check whether your number made it into this place . if the problem still exists , repeat step 1 . with your wife 's phone ( again , if possible ) my guess is either 2 . , 3 . , or 4 . will reveal the cause .
it depends on where game has downloaded data . if its under &lt;sdcard_root&gt;/Android/data/&lt;package_name&gt; , the data will be cleared . if its under some custom directory like &lt;sdcard_root&gt;/GameName/ , the data will not be cleared .
android applications are distributed as ' apk ' files . this is basically just a standard ' zip ' file with a different file extension . if you change the extension to ' zip ' you can simply extract the contents of any app . in your particular case the icons will be inside the ' res ' folder in one of the folders that have ' drawable ' in their names . they are standard ' png ' files .
it appears to be defined in /init . rc , at least on my device : export path /sbin:/system/sbin:/system/bin:/system/xbin i do not think you can edit this file directly though , even with root access , because it is part of the read-only boot image , not the /system partition . if you want to edit it then i guess you would have to unpack , edit and re-pack the boot image as described here : http://android-dls.com/wiki/index.php?title=howto:_unpack%2c_edit%2c_and_re-pack_boot_images i have not tried this though .
here is the useragent from chrome beta on my transformer prime mozilla/5.0 ( linux ; u ; android 4.0.3 ; en-us ; transformer prime tf201 build/iml74k ) applewebkit/535.7 ( khtml , like gecko ) crmo/16.0.912.75 safari/535.7
following @shadow 's suggestion i have googled a bit more . . . turns out that android > = 4.1.2 prevents you from using tethering if you are served by a virtual operator ( as i am ) . this is a nice post http://albertomilone.com/wordpress/?p=581 explains pretty well the situation and propose a solution based on iptables . edit looks like this problem is solved with android 4.4.2 as stated here
finally fixed the issue ( old cwm ) : upgraded cwm from 6.0.3.2 to 6.0.4.4 using rom manager . rebooted to recovery mode wipe data / factory reset wipe cache partition wipe dalvik cache flash cm zip ( two times ) flash gapps reboot phone ( boot animation now showed ; this was just black before ) after the phone booted , ( and the usual wizard ) , i noticed the baseband was no longer unknown , but listed my previously-flashed modem . i rebooted phone into download mode and flashed a different modem ( for my region ) . phone working normally now . : )
well , i think you are talking about the google now notification , right ? if so , you have to change the option on the google now app , not on the calendar app . to do so , you go to Google Now ( tap the search bar on the top of your home page ) then you will see the card that estimates your arrival time to your destination , you can see like three vertical dots , tap there and hit Settings , now you set Transportation Mode to Public Transit . from now on , the card will notify automatically the time you need to arrive by public transportation .
there is a dedicated android app available now for delicious from avos .
found a few options . the easiest seems to be : quicksettings ( free , works on an unrooted droid , including optimus v , reviewed here . ) . it did reveal the wifi hotspot setting so i could turn it on , but it did not work . after more investigation this seems to be a limitation of virgin mobile ( not allowing tethering ) . k
while trying to explain where to find that "4th tab " , i just see where your problem is : you use the %wifi variable to check for a ) on/off and b ) the connection mode . either it is on/off , or it holds connection info . the first is %wifi , the other %wifii : wifi info %wifii when connected to an access point ( ap ) , shows human-readable data about the ap . when not connected , show details of the most recent wifi scan results for nearby aps . wifi status ( dynamic ) %wifi whether wifi is on or off . note : if wifi is enabling or disabled , in fact anything but enabled , it is classed as off . source : tasker userguide now back to the original explanation about that "4th tab": you see some tabs in both pictures . in the first , " profiles " is selected , in the second " tasks " . in both pictures you see another tab " scenes " . right to that is one more , " variables": but regardless of that : for debugging , you can always to add another item to your task , " notify " , and have it either popup the %wifi ( or whatever variables ) content or add it to your notification bar . this is good for debugging .
well , i did not find a way to hide it ; but switched to using widgetlocker for my lock screen and just disabled cm 's .
curently there is no such official support and the sdk does not allow third party apps to encrypt calls , but if you use a sip client , the call can be encrypted depending on the sip client`s features .
dont use a toolkit as the commenter above has said . they will only make you more clueless about the whole process , and it honestly isnt that hard to root a nexus manually anyways . there are basically 3 steps : unlock bootloader install custom recovery flash root binaries through custom recovery . for more elaboration on these steps , read here .
in my phone ( moto g running 4.4.4 ) this symbol appears when the phone is set to use " high accuracy mode " ( i.e. . use the gps rather than wi-fi/phone network for location ) and some app requests the location .
you may drag n drop the icons . a maximum of six is allowed
this is not actually a linked contact unless the contact you added it to is from a social network . that is why the unlinking will not work . go to edit the number , select the entire number and copy it , then delete it from the wrong contact , go back , add a new contact , long-press the phone no . field and select paste . or you can use pen and paper too if you prefer .
a second-hand answer - from here - http://forum.koohii.com/viewtopic.php?id=8339 " keyboard-wise , i like the multiling keyboard for my xoom tablet . it is not particularly great as a keyboard , it is just that it scales nicely and fills the screen properly in japanese mode , unlike any other keyboard for the tablet . it is sort of a jack of all trades , master of none keyboard , in that it is adequate for japanese , but it will drive you nuts . ( but simeji on a tablet is an even more horrible experience . ) "
i would say you are very lucky to have that ui ( user interface ) . i have been waiting to get that version , to no avail . what you have is the holo-fied ui of facebook , which i think was initially available to selected alpha testers of the facebook app . a group would get the holo version , while the rest would get the regular version . this concept is called a/b testing . eventually , if there are no more issues , everybody will that that ui . have you , by any chance , applied as an alpha / beta tester ? holo , as described in wikipedia , is the google recommended theme for the design of android apps , introduced with android version 4.0 . is there a way to change the interface ? no , because the ui is determined by facebook 's servers . if you attempted to download and install ( by sideloading ) a holo-fied version of facebook , and you were not given the rights to have this ui , you would be reverted to the regular ui . this is the reason why holofication nation cannot make a custom holo-fied version of facebook . to date , they have already released a holo-fied ui for grooveshark , steam , and instagram . ( and i think for cnn too ! )
thinking error . you have created a link named busybox pgrep , linking to a ( not existing ) other file of the same name . what you probably wanted to achieve is : ln -sf &lt;/path/to/alternative/&gt;busybox &lt;/path/to/linkdir/&gt;pgrep  replace &lt;/path/to/alternative/&gt; with the path to the busybox binary featuring pgrep functionality , and &lt;/path/to/linkdir/&gt; with the path to a directory contained in your $PATH ( best the one where the other symlinks reside ) . busyboxes usually decide their " wanted functionality " by checking where they are called from . so the symlink is simply named pgrep , grep , or whatever , and pointing to the busybox binary .
look in /system/media/audio/ringtones . the notifications folder one level up contains the notification tones .
if you do not want use 3rd party apps : this requires decent computer skills and a rooted phone , but here are the steps for android 2.3 gingerbread . copy /system/home . apk from your phone to pc . decompile home . apk using apktool . goto [ decompiled folder ] /res/values/integer . xml change &lt;integer name="number_of_desktop_panes"&gt;5&lt;/integer&gt; , to 7 or whatever you want . save it , and compile the apk using apktool . copy it back to phone i.e. to /system , change its permissions to -rw-r-r .
turns out it was a problem with the dns servers my dhcp was serving up . the first two were local dns servers . i do not know why they were not working for android ( they worked fine for the laptop computers ) , but as soon as i replaced the second local dns server with a remote dns server , things started working . it also appears that android only pays attention to the first two servers given by dhcp since i had other servers listed after my local server . it seems kind of fishy that only the android phones had problems with the local dns server . i would not mind finding out what the underlying problem is , but changing the dns servers is an acceptable workaround .
this ( at least the ussd messages ) are operator related , and can only be disabled by your operator .
android shuts down your os before it actually becomes completely flat , in order to ensure it has enough power to do so safely and completely ( which is why you can power it back up again , but then it shuts itself off again ) . over time , your battery does need to be recalibrated as the system stats on battery usage get wonky and the battery itself will not store as much of a charge as it could . for most phones , the proper procedure is : let the phone run until it shuts itself off . without turning the phone on , plug it in and let it fully charge up . unplug , turn the phone on and let it run flat again . battery and battery stats are now recalibrated . deleting batterystats . bin is not generally necessary . you should find your battery lasting much longer now ( i know this works well on my samsung sk4g - i go from not being able to last the day to being able to last a full day and night ) if memory serves , one is supposed to recalibrate one 's battery like this every 30-90 days .
go to settings > Apps > click on the app that is being used as your default messaging medium ( google voice in your case ) > press Clear defaults .
after switching to android 2.2 , it works better . when the icon appears , just click to continue , and after a few times it is done .
more specifically adb push [file] [path]  will take [ file ] from the pc and copy it to [ path ] on the android device . adb install [apkfile]  will copy [ apkfile ] from the pc into /data/app/ on the android device . the main difference being that push will let you specify where you want the file to go on the device , and install puts it in a known location ( the location " installed " apps exist in ) .
kernels vary from manufacturer to manufacturer . a lot of those kernels come from the pure stock kernel line of sources found on caf , what these manufacturers do is take those stock sources , modify them to suit based on the board/chipset used , also , implement their own drivers . take a good look around you , there is variations of touchscreens , variations of wifi chipsets , not to mention , accelerometer , sensors , batteries , compass , sound , graphics . taking one kernel source from for example htc will not work on a samsung , and vice versa . the manufacturers are free to cherry-pick or out-source various bits that get incorporated into the circuit board . there is no hard or fast rules involved . hence the lot of hacking/modifications to get the kernel to work properly . you must not ever , compare to desktop linux distribution kernels in which it has pci , pci-express , sata , vga , svga , usb , ethernet as they are a totally different ball-park game . the major differences with centos and with android 's linux kernel is this - all drivers are compiled either as modules or built-in , hence any linux distribution will simply " work out of the box " . again , with desktop linux distributions - you have one architecture - x86 hence one linux kernel from say a dell pc , can work out of the box on a lenovo provided that the bog-standard drivers are compiled . do not forget , in the android world , there is variations of the kernel built for specific arm chipsets , such as armv6 , armv7 , there is tegra , there is exynos , and they are binary incompatible with one another . hence if a kernel is compiled for tegra , forget it , it will not work on armv7 ! the reason some kernels on android appear to be " broken " is down to the manufacturer . some ( zte is one very good example ) release a butchered source that may compile from source but fails to boot due to a missing driver that is not covered by the gplv2 or gplv3 licence . that is the problem , hence some hackers have to go scouring around github looking for some clues ; some manufacturers , if not all , do comply . the current incarnation of zte 's source is purportedly to be 2.6.35.7 , but in reality its actually 2.6.32.9 source base with a lot of modifications thus does not represent the true kernel source for 2.6.35.7 ! this is where the manufacturers have to release their respective sources , not just out of being compliant with gplv2 or later , but rather , for the community to be able to mod it , such as adding overclocking capabilities . hence there is hacking involved behind the scenes and a lot of messing about with drivers trying to get it to work , and its not easy to debug either . . some drivers may be cross-licensed , but cannot be distributed depending on the clause and conditions as negotiated . thankfully , that is all changed now with kernel 3 . x.x. line of sources , as android drivers are now integrated into the mainstream sources . but there is a gotcha ! try porting a 3 . x.x. kernel to an existing handset that is about 12-18 months old ; not a snowball 's chance in hell would it work , that is because , of the differing factors , the 3 . x . x sources is vastly different to the 2.6 . x source and would take a lot of hacking to get it working - i should know , have tried porting 2.6.38.6 source for the zte blade and failed . likewise , the latest kernel release 3.0.1 - when working on the ics4blade project over on modaco , have made numerous attempts to port it but that is down to the simple fact that zte made a very bad mess of the source which rendered porting nigh on impossible .
any cache can be cleared . clearing the cache will not remove app settings . read more from this closed question in stackoverflow ( should be migrated here ) : what is the difference between clear cache and clear data in android settings
no . you should request the app developer to do so . on unix like systems , permissions are managed with something called uids . every process has one and it dictates what they can access . moreover , there are also groups that have permission that their members can use . when an app has permissions like Write to SD card they are put into a group that has this permission . the root permissions are an exception since they are not declared in the app 's manifest , but rather in its code . root is also not a group but a separate uid ( as it is a separate user ) so it is not that easy for an app to use it . apps that have root rights need to be explicitly written to do so . the way this works is every time an app wants to do something as root , it has to request the su binary to do it instead . su will then ask the app that manages these permissions ( e . g . , supersu ) whether the app is allowed to gain root access . if it is not , it'll prompt you to allow or deny it . then the action is carried out as root , not as the app user . these actions are not an integral part of the app but rather an external executable . while theoretically it is possible to add this to an app , this would be a non-trivial process requiring knowledge of writing smali code , which is the internal format of the dalvik virtual machine ( the part of the system that runs the apk file ) called smali . and even then , there would be a huge security risk if the app allows other apps to access it : it would not know how to keep the privileged root access separate from its normal access . so in reality this is not really feasible .
attachment2sd will do the trick . after you install it when you click on the pdf attachment in the gmail app it'll pop-up the " complete action using . . . " dialog . choose attachment2sd and it'll download to a directory on your sd card , where you can immediately open it or save it for later . this works with all kinds of files , not just pdf .
google 's usb drivers are for the google reference devices ( nexus series ) only . you will need to install archos ' drivers . they can be found on archos ' support page with instructions on how to install them and get adb working . install the drivers add the vendor id 0x0e79 to your adb_usb . ini , e.g. echo 0x0e79 &gt;&gt; "%USERPROFILE%\.android\adb_usb.ini" done ! edit : the driver 's from the support page did not work , but these did . they came from an unreliable source and had other drivers from 2005 with them , but i stripped them and repacked . feel free to verify with virus scanners .
after restarting the tablet the app is now working properly . no idea - could be android was not able to free enough ram or some such . . .
there is not a non-fullscreen layout for youtube for 7in tablets , only for 10in tablets . there is no button there because there is nothing to switch to . the developers evidently think there is not enough room to see the video and display other information usefully at the same time . you are right about the volume control . because android already has separate volume settings for media , notifications , and the phone ringer , and it guarantees the presence of hardware volume controls , it is considered bad design to put additional volume controls on the screen .
no . unlocking your bootloader allows you to flash unsigned images to your device , but it does not ( in and of itself ) give you root permissions which you need to remove bloatware . however , having the ability to flash unsigned images makes it very easy to gain root via a custom recovery , so unlocking your bootloader can often greatly simplify the process . if you need instructions for getting root , there is a fairly exhaustive guide here .
files in /sys/ are part of sysfs which is a special virtual filesystem to dialog with the linux kernel . you can for example have a fast introduction here . therefore you cannot treat sysfs files as normal files as it may lead to strange behaviour depending on how the program treats them ( same for device files , usually in /dev , or files in procfs in /proc ) . usually to tweak that files you just write in them with an echo , such as echo 255 &gt; /sys/class/leds/mmc1::/max_brightness 
that is not an airpush ad . also , these kind of ads are forbidden by the google playstore tos . always pointing to the same app suggests another app from the same developer placing it , not an ad module . i would first check which apps are running when this happens ( settings→apps , select the corresponding tab ) . see if there are " non-essential " apps listed which you can live without . note them down . second , check permissions of the apps installed . there are some permission checker apps available which make things easier for you . fot this specific case , permission explorer seems to be a good candidate : permission explorer : list of permissions , apps using a certain permission ( source : google play ; click images for larger variants ) as the screenshots show , this app allows you to browse your installed apps by permission . your screenshot looks like a system alert window , so the offending app most likely has the system_alert_window permission . check for apps having this permission . note them down . in a third step , compare your notes : apps that were running when the message appeared , apps using the SYSTEM_ALERT_WINDOW permission . if you find a match , you most likely found your offender . uninstall it , and see whether your issue is gone then . if this has solved your issue , do not forget the following to help others : check if that app is still on google play , and if the version there matches the version you have installed . if so , first report that app to google , as it violates the tos , and put a comment warning others . google should react by removing the app from the store .
i use a widget called " digital clock widget " , free from the market . it is a simple clock/date widget , which can be configured to also show the day and time of the next alarm .
the problem disappeared when a newer cyanogenmod build was flashed . ( the problem was present on a stable slimkat rom as well . )
per your last comment , you seek runkeeper pro ( appbrain link ) also check out runkeeper . com . i highly recommend it although i am most likely underestimating it since i just use it for running . it keeps track of your route , time , distance , elevation , calorie burn , etc . your hiking , jogging and snowshoeing tours will each be saved to your ( shareable ) activity list on runkeeper.com. runkeeper uses gps to track your fitness activities , including distance , time , pace , calories , heart rate , and path traveled on a map . pro version also provides audio cues , customized interval workouts , manual entry for treadmill and other cardio equipment , integrated runkeeper fitnessclasses and no advertising . edit : after re-reading the question , i wanted to add that once you have a track saved using runkeeper , you can export it as a gpx or a google earth file . mytourbook 's site says that you can import a gpx although " not all features are currently supported . "
use adb to push them to /system/lib/modules , then reboot . android should load them at boot as long as they are in that directory , i believe . shell&gt; adb push module.ko /system/lib/modules/ shell&gt; adb reboot  if you get a " read-only filesystem " error then remount /system as read/write first , then push them . usually you can do this with adb remount . you could probably also put them onto an sd card and then use a file manager to copy them over if you want . you can also use insmod to manually load a module into the kernel at runtime , but it would not be reloaded if you reboot . this would allow you to skip the initial reboot , though , since you should be able to insmod all of the modules after you push them onto the device .
you could try launching it from the command line using the am command . either from a terminal emulator or from an adb shell you can try : am start -a android.intent.action.MAIN -n com.android.soundrecorder/com.android.soundrecorder.SoundRecorder  this works on my evo and on my xoom , and it is probably important to note that my xoom does not display the sound recorder application in my app drawer ( similar to your device ) . also , some custom launchers let you define shortcuts to either an activity or an intent . in adw launcher , for example , you can choose to set a shortcut to the sound recorder activity by long pressing your home screen and going to Custom Shortcut-&gt;Pick your activity and then finding it in the list ( it lists every activity on the device ) .
i would assume it is because there are still phone numbers that are distributed with convenience letters ( e . g . " phonewords" ) in them , and there are probably still automated call answering programs that use them . the letters on the numpad far predate t9 . for the us specifically , wikipedia also has an article that explains the history of telephone numbers and the various ways that letters have been used over time ( it was different in other countries , but i can not find a detailed article for that at the moment ) .
" fast boot " is basically analogous to the hibernate or possibly s3 ( str ) sleep functionality on regular pcs ( htc is not very clear on what precisely it does , but analysis of its claims and action suggests it is one of these ) . rather than fully shutting down and restarting , the os resumes where it was after a shutdown , allowing the system to get from " off " to " ready to use " much faster . as mentioned , some apps do not play nice with this , such as the case is in this so question . unless you are regularly needing to shut off your phone for some reason and want it to start back up faster , i would personally just leave it off to avoid the potential for weird issues .
i contacted the makers and they said it is a known problem and they were working on it . the latest update fixed this .
for galaxy devices , you can simply enter about:useragent into your browser 's url bar . i do not think this " sticks " across reboots , but it is relatively painless to do and does not require extra software/hacks/etc . i do not own a galaxy so i am not keen on some of the specifics . if about:useragent does not work , then other phones can typically to this instead : enter about:debug into the url bar to activate debug mode in the browser ( you will not see any kind of confirmation that this has worked ) go into Menu-&gt;More-&gt;Settings and scroll all the way to the bottom . you should see a new menu item called UAString tap the UAString menu option and select a different user agent from the provided menu i have ie6 , " mac desktop " and " linux desktop " as options for mine , all of which give me full versions of websites . see also this question with info on some of the goodies in debug mode . the about:debug menu also works on honeycomb ( or later ) , but the menu is organized a little differently . you enter about:debug the same way , then go into the settings and you will find a new settings tab ( on the left ) simply named " debug " . UAString is one of the first options in this tab .
i am not sure about facebook events here because i have very few events ever listed in my facebook calendar . but if you sync your phone with facebook ( settings > accounts and sync ) and have it sync live feeds , it should display calendar items in your calendar . i know i have birthdays in my calendar that show up and that is how i have facebook sync setup . if you are setup the same way , try removing facebook sync , clear cache and data from the app ( settings > applications > manage application > all , then find facebook and click on it . there should be an option to clear cache and data . reboot . then recreate the account and sync . not sure if this will help but usually solves most issues . . .
the last three are gps receiver , data sync and screen brightness . as seen here . and it looks like the extended controls app gives you even more control ( android police article ) and here it is on appbrain .
you can get the lg optimus v from virgin mobil for $150 ( total ) and pay $25/month for unlimited data and texts and 300 minutes/month of talk time . there are three drawbacks . ( 1 ) the screen is a bit small . ( 2 ) the internal memory is only about 200mb , so you are limited as the number of apps you can have ( even moving apps to the sd card ) . ( 3 ) virgin mobile uses the sprint network which seems to be more limited than say verizon . later this month ( i think ) virgin mobile will also off the motorola triumph with 2gb internal memory and a larger screen and a faster processor and a front facing camera ( which the optimus does not have , so maybe that is four drawbacks ) . i plan to switch to the new phone as soon as i can .
in general , apps these days are built to put as much as possible on the sd card in order to save internal space . some apps require being on the internal card for programming reasons , however . generally speaking you can let them manage themselves . otherwise you should keep all your own media , etc on your sd card so as to keep the internal one free for things like system caches , etc .
long-press on the search bar ; after a second or so , a trash can should appear at the top or bottom of the screen . drag it to the trash can . alternatively , you could drag it to an open space on another screen by dragging it to the left or right edge of the screen . the screen will flip to the next panel and you can drop the widget on any open space large enough to contain it .
try going to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage Applications -&gt; All and clearing the data for the market ( you may need to force close it first ) , then reboot your phone . this has fixed a similar issue for me before . i think the poweramp issue is unrelated , their server is probably down temporarily .
summing up from my comments above : how do signal boosters work ? they work by forcing the device to do a re-connect . though the device is permanently watching its neighborhood ( for the case the signal gets too weak ) , it does not switch for just a trifle . instead , it tries to weight the benefits against the costs : switching to a different cell has some signalling overhead to be considered . so if it is just for a trifle , it would not switch . but if the other signal source is twice as strong , for example , it would . and it certainly does switch once you lose signal , even if there is just a weak signal available to switch to . if it switches , it always choses the best and strongest signal available . and as i said , when you lose your signal it does switch : that is exactly the concept of the booster . by going to airplane mode , it makes you lose the signal , so switching on the radios makes the device connecting to the strongest signal . if your lucky , you see one more bar . if there was just one cell available , you just wasted juice . imho it is not really worth it , but everybody needs to decide that himself/herself . improvements are rather marginal/cosmetical in most cases , if at all . ways to boost without a booster well , if you followed my above writing , you might already have guessed it : long-press your power button , and select " airplane " , then do it again . or , open your notification bar and tap the plane icon , and repeat it . done . the difference is you need to do it manually – while the app at least partially automates it ( maximum one tap with the app , while 4 manually ) . further hints there are apps available which track cell signals . some do even track the neighboring cells ( most of them only work with selected devices ) . if you find one that does work with neigboring cells and your device , you should be able to tell the real numbers – and see if it would be worth to " boost " , or if it rather would be to " boast " : ) .
this is the expected behavior . queue is the " currently playing playlist " you have playlist a with song 1,2,3 and 4 . if you start listening to playlist a , the currently playing playlist will consist of song 1,2,3,4 . if you see song 1337 , then " add to queue " while listening to song 2 , the currently playing playlist will consist of song 2,1337,3,4 . if the next day , you start playlist a from the beginning , it will still only hold song 1,2,3,4 .
this functionality is built into android so there is no need for an external tool/application . in settings : Wireless and networks -&gt; Mobile Networks -&gt; Data Enabled  disable this and you are all set .
that is correct : starting ice cream sandwich ( ics ) 4.0.1 and until the curent ( at the time of writing ) 4.0.3 the face unlock feature is not available to any version of nexus s ( ns ) . this thread on xda-dev provides various speculations as to why face unlock is not available on ns : lower quality front camera hardware on the ns the vulnerabilities of this feature ( check out the note on the setting that says that face unlock is low-security and experimental ) having this feature exclusively available for galaxy nexus bottom line : face unlock is present in various ported ics roms , but it is reported to be pretty flimsy at the moment .
you might want to consider another option here , if you want to use this for keepass password database . this will not work for other sensitive material , but since you asked specifically for keepass , here 's what i do : protect the database with the password ( i assume you have , already ) , and a key . this will give you a two-factor authentication ( "something you know " -- your password , and " something you have " -- your key ) . the password database can only be unlocked when both pieces are in place . copy the key to the local storage of all your devices , and give it some inconspicuous name . preferably put it in a crowded directory where it would seem like some configuration file or some random noise file created by a program . upload your database to a third-party storage service ( i use dropbox , but other options would work just as well ) . it goes without saying that the service should have an android client if you want to use it on your device . do not upload your key there -- use another method to copy it to the devices you need . dropbox in particular keeps a copy of the files you upload and then delete at least for a week for backup purposes ( quite convenient , i must admit ) , but if your key is on the server already , it is not more secure than a normal password-protected database . configure your keepass clients not to remember the location of the key ( remembering the location of the database is fine ) . in this way , you can upload your database to a random website , and even if your password gets compromised for some reason ( i.e. . keyboard loggers ) , you can only use the database from devices that have the key and now which file is actually the key . for convenience , you might want to have key-only authentication on a mobile device ( secure passwords are tedious to type on a mobile device , and you obviously do not want to use anything short and easy here ) . but i would recommend against this , as in this case the security is even lower than a password-protected database -- instead of a password you have in your head , you use a " password " ( the key file ) that is on your device . keepass does not give any hints whether it requires key , password or both -- which works to your advantage .
also , some devices show up as mass storage devices , only when usb debugging option is turned off . see if that helps .
there is no need to install kies . download the driver SAMSUNG_USB_Driver_for_Mobile_Phones_v1.5.14.0.exe ( or a higher version ) which is available from the samsung website . click on the manuals and downloads tab ( below the image of the phone ) and then the software tab . after installing , i connected the s3 via usb and windows update automatically searched for and downloaded a package that was 6.8mb , followed by this notification . i restarted my computer ( just in case ) and i can now use the s3 for development , even though it says the device is connected as a " media device " .
you may have turned off your apn . quick settings provides the most complete access to settings that i have seen . after you install it you have to customize the view to see all the different options but after you do you will be able to toggle the apn , mobile data , and airplane mode all separately to isolate which setting is not allowing you to connect .
by what you describe , this is more likely to be related with the proximity sensor . it is located at the top right corner of your screen , outside of the touch area . if anything is blocking that sensor , the screen goes black . this happens to prevent the users face from touching anything on the screen during a call . what works for me , is either using the home button or the power button to bring the screen back on .
sending phone notifications to desktop work because there is a simple framework for the phones , and all your app as to do is listen for that event and echo the message to the desktop . the reverse is significantly harder because there is simply no unified notification framework yet . every app handles notifications differently . i have not written desktop apps for windows at that depths , but notice how most application icons on the taskbar light up when there is an event ? ( may not always be a valid notification ) . well , my first guess is that you had have to write a listener for that - assuming you are given that kind of access in the os in the first place . [ check out this so answer ] . once you have a listener in place , you can know when an app receives a notification . however , unless the app exposes a method to see what the notification is though the taskbar , it is unlikely that you can derive the contents . . .
there are two applications that come preloaded on the device which can do this for you , " fit " and " heart rate " . you can start these apps by saying " ok google " or tapping the screen to bring up search , followed by the command " start fit " or " start heart rate " which launch the corresponding app . heart rate 's sole purpose is to show this information , so the button to start monitoring will be available immediately . fit also tracks other fitness data , such as steps you have traveled , so you will need to swipe to the left once to get to the heart rate section and expose the button which will start the reading . both of these apps will request that you stay still for 10-15 seconds as a reading is taken , and it is important to note that they only measure your heart rate when you ask for it , there is not a passive reading being taken . as a shortcut , you can just tell google to " show me my heart rate " to skip the " start fit " or " start heart rate " commands as well as the button press to start the reading . this will automatically launch the default heart rate measuring app and start taking a reading . you can configure which app does this by default by using the android wear app on your connected device .
while all networks you have connected to in the past are stored in a file called /data/misc/wifi/wpa_supplicant.conf , networks " just seen " around ( but never connected to ) are imho not stored to any file , but just " cached " in memory . so a simple trick to get rid of them is to enter airplane-mode for a couple of seconds ( or a minute if seconds are not enough ) . with wifi being disabled , the system should see no reason to " stick " to that " cached " information , and thus " forget " the unknown networks . as soon as you return from airplane mode , it would need to " rebuild " its cache again – but those " stickies " should be gone for good ( until next time , maybe , but then simply repeat the action ) .
if everything else fails ( and your comment above says you cannot set the volumes separately as needed ) , you could take a look at volume ace , which not only allows you to set all volumes separately 1 , but even lets you create profiles 3 switchable via widgets 2 : this enables you to always have the right volume settings according to the situation .
did you backup/restore your settings to/from google ? if so , that is why you can connect to these wireless networks . one of the things that gets backed up is the wireless network passwords so when you restored them back on your new device it is able to connect . android has built in backup functionality . it offers to backup settings ( including wifi settings ) automatically from each device . when you go through the set-up on a new device it then gives you the option to restore these settings . if you had this configured ( i think it is enabled by default ) then your wifi settings would have automatically been backed up on your nexus 4 and restored to your nexus 5 .
you could try opening the vcard file in outlook , there is also other software out there if you google " vcard editor " , find one you want and make sure there are not any issues with the file . in this case , you could remove the offending line , save with a new name and then try to import again . another option , you could import your contacts into your google account from a computer , then sync to a phone . follow this link for help with that . as far as other contact apps go , you will have to root your phone and install a rom that uses a different contact system then the one that comes stock on your phone . reason for this is most apps on the marketplace just put a different front end to the contact system already on your phone . you could look at the marketplace and see if there is an app you like , that is a totally separate contact system from what is on the phone , but i still think this would not help because your underlying issue would still exist .
i have also encrypted the /data partition ( on my samsung i9300 ) and wanted to reset it for an upgrade . this failed with the error you mentioned , /tmp/recovery.log contains : disclaimer : i am not responsibility for anything that goes wrong , including ( but not limited to ) user error . if you wish to wipe the /data partition completely ( including media like photos ) , follow the below instructions : boot into recovery . run adb shell in a terminal ( linux ) or command prompt ( "cmd " , windows ) . after a few seconds , you should see a line containing ~ # . warning . triple-check the command that you are entering here . white space and capitalization are important . make any mistake here and you may accidentally wipe your whole flash memory including recovery images . note : if you want to encrypt your partition later , you have to leave 16kib unallocated space on the end of the partition . in the adb shell , run the command mke2fs -t ext4 /dev/block/mmcblk0p12 . substitute /dev/block/mmcblk0p12 and ext4 according to the recovery filesystem table ( for /data ) . output when running the command : ( optional ) install new firmware ( e . g . cm 10.1 ) . reboot . ( optional ) in order to encrypt the partition while clearing your whole data partition , run vdc cryptfs enablecrypto wipe PIN_OR_PASSWORD . ( see also https://jira.cyanogenmod.org/browse/cyan-87 ) reconfigure device , choose language , enter name , install apps , etc . technical details below . the factory reset menu item activates erase_volume("/data") in recovery.c which calls format_volume("/data") . format_volume is defined in roots.c : since the volume name indeed starts with /data , and the recovery filesystem table contains an entry for type datamedia and handle_data_media is initially zero , format format_unknown_device is called . that function is defined in extendedcommands.c as follows : fs_type is NULL and the path is /data . that means that the code path ends up at ensure_path_mounted(path) which is the place where this function fails . looking at the name , ensure_path_mounted attempts to mount the partition by name which of course fails since the encrypted partition is not supported in cwm . therefore , cwm refuses to " format " the partition ( actually , all it does is erasing all files except for /data/media after mounting ) . therefore the goal is to format /data with ext4 ( see recovery filesystem table ) or mount the encrypted data partition somehow . i could not easily find the tools for mounting encrypted partitions , so i decided to go the easy way and just format the partition .
the only way to get this to work was for us to do the following in our exchange server . create a new exchange activesync mailbox policy in the client access organization configuration . make sure that require password is disabled for the policy . go to the mailbox of the user in question , in the recipient configuration and open the properties for the mailbox . in the mailbox features tab , select exchange activesync and open the properties . select your newly created activesync mailbox policy and confirm your selection . you might need to remove and re-add the the account on your phone to make sure that it no longer asks you to set a password .
i suspect the Sound recorder could be just a component that is used by several apps , such as Google Now and Voice Search . if you take a look at the list of apps , there are also others that can not be run directly , such as MusicFX , NFC Service , Search Applications Provider etc . , most of which take exactly the same amount of space , 12.00kb . note that this is just an assumption , i have no further proof .
a mini-sim is the same thing as a standard sim nowadays . the term was coined back in the day when sim cards were the size of a credit card . thus , the current-day regular sim was known as mini-sim . micro-sim is the next step ( used in newer smartphones , examples from gsmarena ) and then there is the nano-sim ( used only in iphone 5 , ipad mini and asus padfone infinity , as far as i know ) . see gsm sim card evolution for graphical representation .
as " art " versus " dalvik " is a setting the user can switch , a factory-reset should restore its previous ( default ) state – in this case , revert it to " dalvik " . reportedly , the following steps solved the issue in this case : complete wipe , including dalvik cache and data ( can be done from recovery-mode , and is equivalent to a factory-reset ) re-flashing the rom ( imho an optional step , as the previous one should suffice ) remark : there is a good reason that switch is a little hidden ; art is still " experimental " , and not intended for " everyday use " . it was placed with the developer 's options just to give developers a way to already test their apps for compatibility .
if you built the image yourself then google 's proprietary apps would not have been included as they are not open source . the easiest way to get them is probably to just use the cyanogenmod9 gapps package , which can be downloaded here ( top of the table ) . if you have a custom recovery image then you can simply install the . zip file from your recovery , otherwise you will have to manually install each of the files in the . zip ( they have a folder structure that mimics your device ) . the reason why the web market is not working is because it tries to use c2dm to push the app to the device , but this requires the market app to be installed on the device . you cannot download the . apk from the market manually .
the problem is with the s2e on 4.2.2 . i wiped everything , it worked . now i reinstalled s2e and it will not work . edit : main user had no access to write sd-ext . i created a code added init . d to set sd-ext with chmod 777 .
sprint tells me that i need to pay for a hot-spot plan for $30 , but there has to be a way around this besides rooting my phone and putting cyanogen on it . sprint clamped down and disabled the previously free built-in tethering with the latest update . if you want usb tethering you can try pdanet , but wifi tethering will almost certainly require you to root , as it does on other devices . even with root , you do not necessarily need to use cyanogenmod if you do not want to , though ; you could just as easily install a free tethering app ( one example ) . this has been covered here a lot , in fact , so you might want to take a look at any wifi tethering apps noted in other questions . see also : is there a way to enable wifi-tethering without root access ?
you do not need an official " skin " . you just need to figure out what screen dimensions and memory capacity the device you want to test has and create a deployment target file .
use foldersync . i was using it to sync folders with google docs . after upgrading to google drive , sync still works . i have just tested by adding new google drive account . google drive is fully supported . just , choose Google Docs when adding account in the app . in case , you do not want to pay , its free lite version is also in play store , but with some limitations . it supports two-way sync as well as one-way sync ( up or down ) . you can use its up sync for backup purpose . it also supports filters based on size , extension etc . so , if you want to backup all photos from your sd card , the app is good to go . it features Delete after Upload , too . you can schedule sync jobs , too . so , it can do backups automatically without any hassle . the best : it features Instant Sync . if you turn it on , files will be synced as long as they will be modified or added in folder .
on ics or later you can check this in your settings . go to Settings-&gt;Security-&gt;Trusted Credentials to see a list of all your trusted cas , separated by whether they were included with the system or installed by the user . earlier versions of android keep their certs under /system/etc/security in an encrypted bundle named cacerts.bks which you can extract using bouncy castle and the keytool program . the summary is to first pull the bundle using adb ( you need a root shell ) then you can use bouncy castle to list the contents of the bundle : there is also at least one app that you can try if you had prefer not to use the shell : cacertman ( requires root to modify the list , but should allow you to view the list without root ) . i believe it came about due to the diginotar fiasco since there were no particularly easy ways for a user to revoke the cert at the time . since the certs are stored differently on ics and later this app will only work on devices running gingerbread ( or earlier ) , but it is obsolete on ics/jb anyway .
i believe you are talking about the notification drawer , and the top row of icons that toggle functionality like wifi , gps etc . there appears to be no way to customize what appears in the top row when you are on samsung 's stock software/rom . you will have to switch to a rom like cm9 for that .
update : apparently there was enough of a hue and cry about it that they have added a button , although " ok maps " will still work . not the same as the old offline maps , but better than nothing i suppose . having come under fire for ( mostly ) removing the option to save offline maps in its new android app , google has pushed a new update that makes it easier for users to save local areas to their device . in a post on google+ , the company notes that its " engineering team has been working around the clock " to add a " make this map area available offline " card inside the app , mimicking the functionality of the ' ok maps " command . ( source : the verge ) at least i am not the only one who regrets the removal of this feature . the other problem with the redesign is that google ( mostly ) removed the option to save offline maps — a feature that was only a year old to begin with . power users still have a way to cache maps locally , however . daniel graf , director for google maps , tells us that the company 's engineers were just as unhappy with the loss of the feature as we were , so they built an easter egg . when you type in " ok maps " ( or " okay maps " ) into the search box , it will save a cached version of the visible map area locally . it is not as convenient or manageable as proper offline maps , but at least it is an option — assuming you remember it is there . ( source : the verge )
no , official or custom firmware are only to be used with the device specified in its name using a different phone model may result in your hard bricking your phone is there a reason why you want to use a different phone model firmware over your own ?
the superuser website explains it as such : ghost mode – hide superuser from your app tray and home screen . with ghost mode activated , the only way to launch it is by dialing a secret code into the dialer . the default secret code is *#*#787378737#*#* , but it can be set to whatever you want . note that this feature will probably be disabled if your device does not have a dialer ( tablets specifically ) .
i know it is typically frowned upon to answer your own question , but i have . this was a total pebkac . i use a different calendar app than the default , so i disabled the pre-installed samsung calendar in the application settings in order to stop it appearing in my application list . this is fine and does not affect anything , but i apparently got a little trigger happy and also quite stupidly disabled the calendar storage process . yeah , that'll mess up calendar sync something fierce .
usually recent versions of android handles these network switching automatically . when you are connected to wifi , your content would be streamed via wifi connection . you can confirm this the mobile network symbol - h/h+/e/4g would not be available in the status bar of the mobile . usually , android manages wifi and mobile network automatically , i.e. , when both wifi and mobile internet is enabled and if wifi is avaialble , mobile internet is not used . when u leave the wifi network , you would get connected via mobile data . hope this helps : )
as with imap mails are stored centrally on the server , you can see all mails from all imap clients . you can automatically store sent mails to a " sent " folder ( instead of only send them and not storing them ) , which is configured on a per-client basis . i cannot tell for your desktop clients how to do this , but with k9 you can select the folder in menu &rarr ; more &rarr ; settings &rarr ; account settings &rarr ; folders &rarr ; folder for sent objects just in the folders menu , you will find some more special folders you can define ( e . g . for drafts ) . having your " sent " folder defined on all your clients ( and always having defined the same ) , you should be able to easily view your sent mails from all clients , regardless of the fact from which client a mail was sent .
it stops for me as well , so i am lead to believe that it only stores so many in the database . looking at it , it seems to be limited to 20 pages ( it does not even get to ' c ' for me ) .
while writing the question i found the solution . explanation in odin mode , when the phone accepts a new recovery to be flashed , the original samsung recovery of 4.1 rom automatically does everything to avoid being flashed , that is actually re-flashing itself on reboot , just like a good ol ' computer virus ! solution run heimdall with --no-reboot flag , or if you are using odin for windows , uncheck the auto reboot checkbox . when flashed , physically remove battery and disconnect usb power supply . congratulations , you just have clockworkmod recovery installed ! !
the galaxy tab is pretty much like any other android device . you can transfer images to it , but not directly from , say , your camera . it does not have usb ports on it for external devices , like thumb drives . connecting to a nas , out of the box , also really is not possible . the device does not support mounting nas ( nfs and cifs ) out of the box . you could use some file manager applications that do support samba , like astro file manager . but you would have to copy the file to the tab before you can watch a video or listen to the mp3 for example . with that said , it would be possible , if rooted , to install the modules needed to mount nas shares . i have done this with my galaxy s device . the advantage of being able to mount the share on the system level , i no longer have to copy the files over to the device , since the shares are mounted on the device , it " thinks " they are actually on the device .
the charging coil is embedded into the back panel of the phone and is located directly over the battery , as shown in steps 7 and 8 of ifixit is teardown . the battery is not quite non-replaceable , as the above mentioned teardown shows . it is somewhat involved to replace it ( you will need a torx screwdriver , a philips screwdriver , a plastic opening tool , and some patience ) , but it is perfectly doable . if you are wanting something that will work for sure , the official wireless charger would probably be your best bet . however , it is not exactly cheap at $50 . i personally use this charger with my galaxy s3 , which i added a wireless receiver to . i find it works well and charges right through my lifeproof case .
this is not a rumor : the notification history is a true feature from android 4.3 , although they do not make any mention of it in their what is new page . the following steps will allow you to take advantage from the notification history in a vanilla android jelly bean 4.3: go to your app drawer , then tap the widgets tab . scroll until you reach settings shortcut ( 1x1 ) widget . drag and drop this widget to your home screen . you will see a screen where you can select the type of settings this shortcut will open . select notifications . the shortcut notifications will be in your home screen , tap it . the screen notifications shows the notification history we are talking about . in this screen currently active notifications appear in full intensity , while dismissed ones are dimmed . tapping in each notification from this screen will open the corresponding app info screen , where you will be able to toggle the option show notifications as you wish . remember : if you turn off notifications for an app , its icon will disappear from the status bar , all its notifications will be dimmed in the notification history screen , and you may miss important notifications about this app from now on . only do this if you are completely sure .
the wildfire s uses a microusb cable , same as the galaxy sii , it should work fine
you can long-press on the letter q to quickly change language on swype
you can use font installer . this app requires root .
there is missed message flasher in the play market . note : i have not actually tried the app .
the problem has been solved . my device ( 3g ) had android 4.2 installed initially . however the multiple user functionality is only available with android 4.2.1 . my device did not show the udpate . today it did - no idea why - and now the item is visible .
following an ota upgrade to android 4.1.1 , this problem appears to have been fixed . on unlocking , the clock widget immediately shows the correct system time .
per this : . . . the first letter is the release family ( e . g . kitkat ) , second letter is the branch code ( release or testing ) , and the next three characters indicate date code ( quarter beginning in q1 2009 , day number within quarter ) .
sounds like a hardware problem to me , like the internal power supply . fixing would probably require a change of the logic board . if the device is still under warranty , i would just return it as defective .
as far as i know , android is not setup to use hosts . allow and hosts . deny however , it is setup to use a standard hosts file in /system/etc/hosts unfortunately , it does not support wildcards , so it might be difficult to limit the device to a single domain via that method . iptables probably are your best bet - perhaps you could post the rules you attempted , and i can see if there is anything that could be causing them to run too slow ?
i do not know about your specific device/battery but here is a rather detailed article on the battery in android phones and the app used in the article to log battery information is called currentwidget if the article is representative of most smart phones , which i suspect it is , to maximize your battery life your phone does an initial charge to 100% and then maintains the battery at about 93% . my takeaway is that it is good to leave your phone plugged in and charging when you can but it is not good to frequently plug and unplug your phone .
yes many people experienced problems . have a look at : http://www.google.com/support/forum/p/google+mobile/thread?tid=1c21a7e3690388b0hl=en where a google employee is asking for information on the problems people are having and asking them to submit bug reports . here 's the generic bug report link for nexus s with ics : http://support.google.com/mobile/bin/request.py?contact_type=android_bugreport
go to Menu &gt; More &gt; Settings , make sure that " email notifications " is checked then " select ringtone > silent " and " vibrate > for all gmail notifications " .
you can always put the files on an sd card and transfer them to your internal storage from there , but as was said in the comments , if something happens during the process and you are unable to boot your phone , the only way to recover from that is to reflash it from the computer , using the usb cable . you can use titanium backup to back all of your apps up onto the sd card , and hopefully you keep everything you can backed up through google , but you still would have an unusable phone if something happened .
on xda , in the user profile of astarioth , there is a link mentioned in the " most thanked " tab : https://dl.dropbox.com/s/vprplelu9zx7s2o/kindle_fire_usb_driver.rar?dl=1 ( and this is the xda post thanked for ) . the name of the .rar archive suggests it holds your wanted drivers -- and the quote [ . . . ] uninstall your old kindle usb driver and install this one . confirms my guess : ) now , why did not you find it in your sdk directory , you might ask ? guess that is as it goes with apples and peaches . you assumed google 's android sdk -- while amazon has its own android sdk . and that line most likely referred to the latter , while you have the former installed . also only a guess -- but i would say i guessed right again ? you might want to read setting up your development environment , take a special look at the section installing sdk add-ons . if you work with eclipse , this gives you another source to get to the kindle drivers .
open whatsapp , either press the ... overflow button in the top right corner of the screen , and select Settings , or press your phone 's menu button , and then select Settings . then select Notifications , which should be the bottom option on the list at the moment , and tap Notification Tone . this will let you browse to find another sound file to use for your whatsapp notifications .
just from my readings , i think choosing the option to clear credential storage ( removes all certificates ) may allow swipe . even if there are no certificates , you may need to explicitly use that option to clear certificates .
yes , there is , both from the device , or using google play on a ' regular computer ' . using your mobile device open the google play store app touch the play store icon and select my apps . visit the all category . select an app you’d like to install , then touch the install button on the app’s detail page . using your computer visit your my apps page on google play . select an app to view its detail page . click the button that says install or installed and select the device where you’d like to install the app . note : when an app shows an " installed " button on its detail page , it means that the app is installed on one of the devices associated with your google account . click install .
well- things have changed- as of today , all you need to do is backup the . apk files to your sd card using the backup app of your choice ( there are free ones like astro- ) and then get an app called " app installer " -- when you update the rom- you can re-install all of your apps with the app installer-- app installer has not been around too long-- i personally use titanium-- it has some good features , but it costs money . worth every cent , imho . also- you may not actually need to wipe the data and system before you update the rom--- so long as you are upgrading the rom and not switching to a different rom . ( if the chef says wipe , then wipe-- ) but a lot of times , you can get away with only wiping davlik+cache
it looks like google is afraid of being sued by apple for using " square icon with rounded corners " . there is an issu on http://code.google.com/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=125076 . however there is information about fix version set to 25th release . i do not know if chromium and chrome versions have the same numbers , but last time i checked chrome it was on v . 22 . there is also a posted suggestion of introducing chrome specific android-icon .
if you have a samsung phone , some of them have separate " internal " and " external " sd storage . if it is on the external sd card , then you need this adress : file:///sdcard/external_sd/yourapp . apk
i do not think this is a design feature . . . i am not able to reproduce this at all ( except for scrolling down a bit : ) . however , as the android market app is not the most stable app on the android platform , you might want to try clearing the market app cache . go to settings - applications - manage applications - select android market app - click the clear cache button . restart the market app and check if the checkbox is present .
depending on your needs , you may consider an applock program . it does not lock your phone , but it may provide the same purpose by locking any apps you want . for the particular app i use , smart app protector , ( my version is from amazon ) you can configure it to have unlimited retries ( which is the default ) , and you can configure it to use a pattern or pin . you can configure the relock delays as well , so you are not entering in a pin or pattern every single time you open a program .
simple answer : no . ics requires an armv7 processor . arm11 processors are armv6 , as such your tablet does not support ics . however , a rom maker may have ported it to your professor and hardware - i suggest you check forums such ad xda developers .
as workaround you can prefix the notebook names with non-alphabetic characters to control the sort order . for example i prefix my notebooks with zero to three underscore characters ( "_" ) to sort the notebooks in four groups , as so _notebook1 _notebook2 _notebook3 __notebook1 __notebook2 __notebook3 ___notebook1 ___notebook2 ___notebook3 notebook1 notebook2 notebook3 you can use any other renaming scheme you find appropriate in your case , for example , simply prefix the notebooks by numbers ( "1_" , "2_" , "3_" , and so on ) .
go to your phone settings menu . under Accessibility , click the checkbox for Power button ends call . be careful using this with bluetooth . i have accidentally ended calls because i wanted to put the phone in my pocket ; i pressed the power button ( do not want my touchscreen active : i might accidentally end the call ! ) , and the call ended .
its actually ok to install gapps , or any other zip packages ( if they are meant to be flashed ) , after cyanogenmod has been installed . you had use the install zip from sdcard option while in recovery mode ( presumably clockworkmod , if you followed cm 's install guide ) to flash the gapps zip file . then reboot your device and after that you will notice that it will take a little longer to start up with a message saying " android is upgrading " . wait for that to finish and then you will see all of the google apps installed .
see these other two , older questions , about how to take screenshots : taking a screenshot of an android phone ? and can i screenshot my htc legend without rooting it ?
factory reset only resets all user data , not the os itself . if your update failed for some reason , you had have to reflash the phone . you can find info on this in the xda-developers forum . note that since your phone is rooted , your warranty may be void . take this into consideration before you take your phone to the service center .
if you want to save new message as draft , it works the following way : open hello sms and click on '+' button . type in your contacts and your message in their respective fields . you can exit app by pressing either ' back ' button or ' home ' button . both way it handles the draft . now when you again open app , just click on '+' button and you will have your previously entered contacts and your message body in their respective fields . update : if you want to save multiple drafts , it works the following way : open thread of the recipient to whom you wanna send text and type in your message . you can exit app and when you return again , just open respective recipient 's thread and you will find your draft message . you can have multiple drafts for multiple contacts in their respective message threads .
i think you should just flash another rom . you will still have all your data on the internal sd so no need to worry about that . this would wipe your /system . so what you want to do is follow the standard procedure of installing a new custom rom and you should be good to go without any data loss ( eg . pictures , videos etc . you still lose any app data not backed up on the cloud ) . a great site with recommendations which i use for my own phone is galaxys2root . some rom recommendations i can give you from my own personal usage are aokp jb mr2 , resurrection remix v5 . try to avoid the ones with battery drain issues and you should be fine . going thru the phone log with your phone not booting up is a hassle which is unnecessary in this case . just do the above and you will be fine .
go to settings , applications , manage applications , [ menu button ] , filter , all find the media storage app , and clear data . this deletes everything ! artists , albums , playlists . ( data still on card ) plug in , mount usb . eject . go back into music , and wait ( a lot if you have more than a few tracks . ) note : if the music app shows no changes , try force stopping the media storage app . the app showed no cache or data to clear , but force stopping it then opening the music app worked for me .
if you long click on a text box , you have the option to change the keyboard to any you have enabled under Settings -&gt; Language &amp; Keyboard . maybe you accidentally switched it ; )
it is now the morning after the evening i wrote this question . my lock and erase settings are now automagically present in android device manager . i have not changed any settings or powered off the phone , it was just ' sleeping ' last night . so it looks like the google servers needed some time to enable the settings .
there are a couple of phones that support usb host mode . you could check the compatibility list of the app " dslr controller " over here : http://dslrcontroller.com/devices.php in the column " how to connect " are links to an adapter cable which enables you to connect a camera to your phone . if your phone is listed there or you verify via outher sources that your phone supports usb host mode then you could try one of the cables listed there . after that you would need an app that enables you to mount the camera storage so you can access it . today i ordered one of those cables and will try to connect a cardreader to my phone ( samsung galaxy s gt-i9000 ) . will post further updates once the cable arrives .
you will need to root your phone first and then download and install a free app from the market called ' rescan media root ' by ' aditya talpade ' . launch the app and you can easily disable the scans .
here 's a few tips for troubleshooting : go to system settings > apps > click android keyboard ( aosp ) . clear data . clear cache . if that does not work , and you have a custom recovery , reboot into recovery and clear the entire cache , clear davlik cache , and go to advanced > fix permissions . other than that , you could try uninstalling and reinstalling from google play or downloading a different keyboard .
what filled my internal memory were ' tombstones ' , files located in /data/tombstones , and in total used about 800 mb . after some digging up , i found that these are crash dumps from applications , and are only useful for debugging , so they can be safely removed .
it is Download mode you boot the device into to use Odin . i have included a bit more info if you wanted anything deeper . see this post " what is download mode " as for download mode , for example odin is commonly used on samsung devices to flash roms , those devices needs to be in download mode prior to flashing . however , odin is not the official way to do it , rather kies , is the official route in upgrading the firmware , this is for samsung devices for example . you can boot into recovery mode also to use your recovery to make backups , wipe data , flash roms directly on the device . xda wiki on android recovery and here is a short extract . recovery is stored in a disk partition separate from the main android partitions ( boot/kernel , root/system ) . it contains its own linux kernel , separate from the kernel of the main android system . because of separate kernel+recovery_apps , the device is able to boot into the recovery mode even if the main system is broken , allowing the user a set of tools to fix the device . the recovery is completely independent of the android system . see here for the cyanogenmod wiki on fastboot and an extract : fastboot is a small tool that comes with the android sdk ( software developer kit ) that can be used to re-flash partitions on your device . it is an alternative to the recovery mode for doing installations and updates . because fastboot mode can start on your device even before android loads ( and can even run when android is not installed at all ) , fastboot mode is useful for updating the firmware quickly , without having to use a recovery mode . in fact , it is frequently the preferred way to initially install the recovery image on many devices . fastboot can also be used for developer operations like unlocking the bootloader of google 's nexus devices .
capacitive touchscreens found in modern smartphones do not wear out , physically , because they are solid-state technology behind a piece of glass . practically the only way to destroy them is to build up a goodly amount of static electricity and then touch the screen -- if you are deliberate about this , it might zap the circuitry , but it is not specific to touchscreens and you can do that with all kinds of electronics . resistive touchscreens found in older electronics can wear out because they are basically made of movable things ; two layers of transparent conductive material with a thin air gap in between them . because the screen relies on physical pressure from your fingertip , there can not be a solid piece of glass in front of it ( even if the lcd screen behind the touch array probably is made of glass ) . when your finger presses the layers together when you touch this screen , you effectively create an electrical short that is used to signal which point on the screen was touched . press hard enough and you can damage these layers so that they do not move away from each other again . press often enough and you will simply wear out the outermost soft plastic material of the screen -- this is why it is important to use a clean stylus ( and/or a screen protector ) .
it is not always necessary , but always a good idea . there are custom roms that change the partitions of the phone storage , and some flashing methods do not reset the partitions . what ends up happening is that the update can not be written properly -- it either fails , or files and firmware end up in the wrong place and the phone can not boot . in some cases , this can brick the phone . with a galaxy s , the best way to ensure this does not happen is to revert to stock firmware , wipe everything , and then use odin to flash an odin-compatible rom with the " re-partition " option checked . my answer here has some more info on odin ( just be careful not to use the firmware i linked to , since it is for the gt-i9000 and not the captivate ) .
this depends on the manufacturer of the device the provider where you bought your device . the manufacturer pre-installs some applications . also the provider may pre-install some applications . so this does not depend on the android version but on the manufacturer and/or provider .
you could consider using an app locker , e.g. smart applock ( app protector ) . photos are taken by the camera app , regardless of whether you invoke it from the app drawer , a shortcut , widget , or via pressing the camera button . so if you lock the camera app ( and the playstore app , so the user does not simply install an alternative camera app -- also make sure to disable unknown-sources and lock the settings app ) , only somebody knowing the password/pattern you have set up to protect those apps can use them . explanation : while blocking access to the camera app , this does not affect the barcode scanner . the barcode scanner for sure accesses the camera hardware , but not the camera app : the latter would not know what it aquires ( just that it focusses on " something " , but it is not recognizing what this " something " is and so would not know whether it aquired a barcode correctly ) . you can also verify this by checking the permissions the barcode app asks for : its permission list will for sure include Hardware controls: Take pictures and videos , which means it accesses the hardware directly . for accessing it via another app ( e . g . the camera ) , it would not need this permission but rather call that app via an " intent " ( see : what is intent in android ? ) , so that called app would do the intended action .
look for an application titled ' power manager ' , this application has controls to enable/disable : wifi , bluetooth , gps based off multiple triggers . one of which being powered by a/c which was what my ' issue ' was . just had to change this so it did not change the wifi status .
i have never found windows to be very helpful in identifying drivers either . here 's some information for you on what usb cdc is . according to wikipedia : usb communications device class ( or usb cdc ) is a composite universal serial bus device class . the class may include more than one interface , such as a custom control interface , data interface , audio , or mass storage related interfaces . additionally , a resource called the usb software resource center has this overview of cdc : there are three classes that make up the definition for communication devices : the communication device class , communication interface class and the data interface class . the communication device class is a device level definition and is used by the host to properly identify a communication device that may present several different types of interfaces . all of that is developer-speak , but it really just means that a usb cdc driver helps your pc 1 ) understand what services your phone can provide it and 2 ) start talking to your phone to use those services . i do not know for sure what service the cdc serial driver you see represents but i am pretty confident that installing the official samsung drivers for your phone would resolve the red x ( the drivers that windows installs automatically are sometimes generic and are often insufficient ) . in its current state , with your phone connected as an mtp device , do you have any trouble transferring files or doing anything else you want to do with your phone from your pc ? if you are not having trouble then it is possible the cdc serial driver is only used for connecting your phone as a modem or serial device ( as when communicating with your phone from the developer tool adb ) . if you are not planning to use your phone in this manner , you can safely ignore the failed installation of the cdc serial driver . i would not stress too much over it and would install the samsung drivers if you run into any trouble .
okay ; i finally figured this out ! go to the people app click on a contact to see the contact detail bring up the menu click Mark as default choose default picture , email , phone , etc .
clearing downloads will only clear it from the list of downloads . to delete files that have been cleared from the list , you would need to do so directly from the sd card 's download folder , either with your computer or using a file manager like astro .
es file explorer is one that can use the secure ftp protocol over ssh protocol . to get the settings , from es file explorer : hit menu key , show tabs , local , lan , ftp , net appears tap on ftp then tap on new that appears underneath , a dialog box will appear prompting the different ftp types , tap on sftp enter the details of the ssh server that hosts the secure ftp protocol es file explorer will remember the next time , so tap on the server , and then you can browse the file system of the remote server and upload/download files
it seems that entering zip codes directly in the contacts app in the zip+4 format under android 2.1-update1 is not possible . however , i just updated to froyo ( 2.2 ) ( t959uvka6 ) . not only can the contacts/ storage app natively import and export contacts to and from the microsd card , but it also allows directly entering zip+4 with the dash in the zip code field !
if you use the gmail app the mail is pushed instead of synced and therefore you cannot find the sync frequency setup . however , if you set up your gmail account in the android email app , where you can have your non gmail accounts ( pop3/imap/exchange ) , the mail is synced and you can set the frequency in the account settings , inside the email app .
he will still have access to all his purchases . he will not be able to access the uk google play store , unless he uses alternative methods ( vpn/tunneling/market enablers . . ) . assuming he managed to access the uk play store ( 2 ) , he will be able to purchase as normal provided that he has access to his uk credit/debit card . in order to purchase a nexus device , he has to use his uk credit/debit card , and select a uk address for shipping , and then have someone forward him the package . provided that the devices he purchased was activated in the uk , he should still the books and movies apps on his android phones/tablets . some devices however will automatically freeze these apps on boot if the device was not activated in a supported country . note : devices , books , magazines , music and movies and tv are not available in switzerland without using methods that bypass the restrictions . note : the answer above is based on my experience with dealing with google purchases , market restrictions , and international shipping . i have never dealt with the swiss google market specifically , but the experience should be the same .
the literature you read was wrong , then . link2sd only uses the extra partition . the main partition is still mounted under /media/sdcard or somewhere similar . with link2sd , you cannot physically remove the sd card , but you can mount the sd card on the computer . the second partition does not get mounted , so the apps are still accessible while the standard partition is mounted on the computer . if you want more space , you can always repartition your sd card manually on your computer , if your version of clockworkmod ( cwm ) does not have the size you desire . gparted on linux is a handy gui , and there are apps for mac and windows as well . and you can still install apps to your sd card the normal android way , though the dalvik cache and other data will still use up the internal memory ( which is likely limited in your case , as that is the reason to use link2sd in the first place ) . purpose of link2sd here 's an hypothetical example+ . you have 180mb free internal memory . you have a standard 16gb sd card . when you install an app to the sd card , 10%* of the app is actually still on the internal memory . so when you have installed 1.8gb of apps , you run out of internal memory , even though your external sd card could hold a bunch more . in comes link2sd . now , your sd card is actually 12gb standard and 4gb for linking . new apps get linked , but this time 100% of the app is moved , so you can install 4gb of apps instead of 1.8gb . you should not be limited to 4gb , either . clockworkmod ( cwm ) may only list 4gb as the maximum size , but you can use a computer to make the linking partition as large as you want . *made up percentage . it varies by app . +not so hypothetical . with my old optimus v , this was almost exactly my setup .
scroll down and you will find it inside " installs " under " additional information " section . it will show you the range of number of downloads . right now , that app shows a range of "10-50" installs .
calendar snooze can repeat reminders until you acknowledge them , forever . it works with the default calendar app , and will let it keep syncing with google . you can customize how often the notification repeats , how many times ( including " keep repeating" ) , and you can customize two sets of reminders , for example repeating every minute for 5 minutes , and then ever 5 minutes for an hour . it can also use notifications , the led , text-to-speech , and alert popups . it also ( as the name suggests ) allows a very powerful snooze mechanism , with completely customizable snoozes .
it is , if you have root access . found the following solution on l0uy blog : open /system/csc/others.xml and add the following child to the &lt;FeatureSet&gt; parant : &lt;CscFeature_Contact_SetLinkCountMaxAs&gt;30&lt;/CscFeature_Contact_SetLinkCountMaxAs&gt;  the 30 is the limit , how much contacts you will merge . choose what you want . works fine on 4.1.2 .
did you by chance have an automatic ota update ? that would do it .
android 2.2 introduces the app sharing app which is installed by default . i think this might be what you are looking for , however you will need a froyo device . for earlier versions you could use the app " bluetooth file transfer " to share the apk files , if you have these available on your memory card for example .
after a bit of investigation , i found there is people already working on having cyanogenmod on this model : https://github.com/sebastian404/android_device_huawei_u8160
yes , you should be able to use fat32 with no problems . android supports fat/fat16 and fat32 , and i believe raw / unformatted cards may work with some phones . you can also use ext partitions but this requires some extra work , see for example how to use ext partition in my android ?
cleared dalvik cache and it worked .
as far as android is concerned , 4.2.1 to 4.2.2 contained only a few things . they include : show remaining time for downloads from the play store provide a system notification sound when wireless charging begins allows long-pressing on certain tiles in quick settings in reality , since you have a device that does not support wireless charging , the second point obviously does not apply to you . and since cm already heavily modified the tiles for quick settings and offers far more options that this update introduced , the only benefit you would get out of this update would be showing the remaining time . but , cm has new features being added all the time that are separate of the features added by google . if you look under settings -> about phone -> view changelog , you can see a big list of all the major features that cm 10.1 adds to google 's android 4.2.2 release . and if you want to look at all the specific changes ( usually around 10-50 per day , although , some are new features , some are bug fixes for devices not related to yours , and some are new/updated translations ) , you can see it online at http://changelog.bbqdroid.org and clicking on your device and cm version . you can browse through the changes for each nightly there , and although some of the subjects can be cryptic , you can still usually make out what new features are being introduced .
quicksshd works on rooted and non-rooted phones . there are some limitations on non-rooted phones ( running on port 2222 instead of 22 , etc . ) , but other than this , i have yet to see any problem with it on any device ( tested from 1.6 through 2.1 to 4.1 ) . costs approx . us$1.5
i have successfully modified the build . prop on my samsung vibrant to mimic that of the i9000 , allowing me to get i9000 apps from the samsung app store . so something similar might work for you . see how can i modify the phone model in build . prop to get unsupported apps ?
to answer my own question : i found swipeswitcher lite and am using this to easily launch quickdroid . swipeswitcher is a very simple app which just adds a small invisble overlay on the left and right edges of the screen . it let 's you configure each overlay to launch an app ( or go the the previous/next app in the default configuration ) . so i configured the left edge to launch quickdroid and kept the right edge at the default config . now i can quickly launch quickdroid by swiping from the left edge of the screen . to launch an app all i do now is swipe , type 2 - 3 characters , and select the app . and as an added bonus , i can quickly go back to the previous app by swiping from the right edge of the screen . so far i really like this very simple solution . it is similar to other suggested solutions such as fliplauncher and swipepad , except that swipeswitcher does not replace the homescreen and immediately launches one single app . i also had a look at google search launcher , as that promised to be exactly what i wanted to use the android built-in tablet search . however , this really just launches the google search , so it is still not in ' tablet search mode ' by default and still shows search suggestions . it also makes the homesceeen inaccessible and was rather slow . it seemed promising but was a rather dissapointing . update : i just found another very nice solution . if you have tasker installed , you can install assistant event for tasker . then you can create a task which will launch quickdroid ( or any app of your choice ) when using the gesture which would normally open google now ( the " google assistant " gesture ) .
definitely it is related to low battery , i tried a couple of more tests and if the battery is &lt ; 20% this always happens .
according to this blog post , you need a 3.5mm -> rca/phono cable , and it goes in the headphone socket of the phone .
i remember this . when i first got my phone i made the same mistake , setting my contacts to save to my phone instead of google . i believe i ended up using the free version of mybackup to backup my contacts , then restore them as google contacts .
there is a known bug that disallows sorting of wma files by track number . you could try using mediamonkey or something like mp3tag on your pc to rename the file as %track_number% - %Artist% - %Title%.wma or something similar , so it sorts by name . also try meridian player - you can create a playq ( kinda like a playlist and then sort that by track , i believe . and be sure to take a look @ mort player too .
assuming samsung have made the same changes for the captivate as the galaxy , then fully opening an appointment in the calendar app and pressing edit , you should have a line labelled " calendar " that will say " my calendar " ( this is the local calendar on the phone ) , press the arrow beside that and it takes you to a list of your calendars and lets you select your google calendar to move the appointment there . also when you are in the calendar and want to create a new appointment there are two ways to do it . either long pressing on a day/time takes you to the quick appointment creation box , this always goes into your phone 's local calendar and then needs moving out to your gcal . however if you press the menu button and select " create " then it takes you to the same screen as the edit screen , and you can pick which calendar to save to from there .
actually , this is pretty easy . there are two workable answers i can offer : if you have google apps for your organization , you can simply turn on contact sharing and make sure everyone adds their google apps account to their phone . if you do not have google apps or do not want to use contact sharing , simply set up a single dummy gmail/google apps account for every person to add to their phone . any contacts added to this account , be it via a phones or via the gmail contacts book , will appear on every phone whenever a sync happens . to add another account to your phone : Settings-&gt;Accounts and sync-&gt;Add account  after adding the account on the phone , make sure you click on it again and set syncing to just contacts and not gmail , calendar , etc ( unless you want these )
i do not know if this will work in your situation ( and i can not test it myself ) as in your situation it seems the killing of processes is done for safety reasons and not just to free up memory but it could be worth a try . the app is called minfreemanager ( requires root ) and there is a good guide here . taken from the link to the guide , here is an overview of what the app will do ; ActivityManagerService.java looks at the ' importance ' of running processes ; foreground apps , services , content providers etc , and prioritises them for close order in an oom ( out of memory ) situation . each process is assigned an oom_adj value . the lower the value , the less likely android is to close the app when it starts to run out of memory . these values are managed by android at runtime so a processes oom value can and will change as it changes state , from foreground , to background to idle etc . the app can adjust a processes oom_adj values to your own custom values so you can try and manipulate which apps android will close first and at what stage of low memory on the device . like i said , this is just a very basic overview . follow the link to the guide and you will find all the information you need to give it a go ( could go on for pages if i tried to explain in full detail ) .
this article describes the next release of skype for android ( v . 2.1 ) which now supports 17 phones on video chat . the answer before was directing to other services or modified versions of skype , but this is official , so i thought i would post it .
keyboards like smart keyboard and better keyboard ( *tap ? 123 and then &lt ; > key to access ) do indeed have arrow keys that can appear below the normal onscreen keyboard or as a separate keyboard containing arrow keys alone . the caveat being , the onscreen keyboard will use up some of your screen real-estate while in use . as regards games , most non-htc android devices are without trackpads and d-pads too ( unfortunately ! ) , so most game devs would bear that in mind . i do not know if the onscreen keyboard would work in the games you play , however .
i have installed 4.1.2 jelly bean xxemd2 firmware from the scratch . it is working now instructions : http://port135.com/2013/06/30/708/
this happened on my nexus - you just have to reboot your device , and the icon will show up . most likely niantic changed the launcher activity , so the short cut is no longer pointing to the correct activity , hence the error message . rebooting the device/restarting the launcher , and then re-adding the home screen shortcut will fix this .
either your phone silently drops pings , or the router it is behind , either your wifi router , or the 3g network 's router that nats your phone drops them .
i do not have a motorola atrix 2 at hand , but as far my memory goes , you can go past the " no sim/emergency dial only " screen if you boot the phone while holding the camera button pressed .
this icon simply means that there are more notifications to show , but there is not enough space left in the top status bar to show all notification icons ( that is why it does not have a matching notification ) .
you can go to the play store and view the ' my apps ' section . this should list your most recently updated apps . you can check the top 27 or so and see if it helps you determine , which one may be affecting video playback .
the files ( if they are considered as such ) to which logs are written by the device are not in /system but in /dev/log . these " files " are reset at every boot , so unless the device you have has a boot-time script that automatically saves logs to a file in , say , /sdcard , there is sadly no way to retrieve the logs you want while in recovery .
clearing the app cache ( and data ) seems to have resolved the issue for me .
most vendors/manufacturers modify the android source code to ensure full compatibility with the devices hardware - if you were to update to a clean version of android , it just would not work properly ( and it it even booted , most things would not work at all ) . some manufacturers implement an ota update feature - whereas some do not . those that do not sometimes make you connect your phone/tablet to the computer and use their ' helper ' program to do the update . even the devices that do connect to the internet and download the update are vendor specific - device specific even , it is just that the manufacturer let you do it that way . as to your final question : yes , through a custom rom . custom rom 's are versions of android that have been modified by the android community , based on the stock android code , to work on your device . you should search google , or look at forums such as xda-developers for more info about rom 's , or to look for a rom for your device . remember : all the hardware in phones are different . only the manufacturer knows how to code for it , so that is why default android code will not work with it - it would need propriety drivers .
answer copied from drake in can i sync firefox bookmarks with android ? xmarks premium allows to synchronize all bookmarks between different pcs ( supports chrome , firefox and more ) and different mobile phones/tablet ( android , iphone , blackberry ) for 12$/year . edit #1: if you are looking for a free alternative , you can try dolphin browser ( it is available for both android and blackberry ) . dolphin lets you sync bookmarks .
the key was to delete the telephony application . this tables has no phone . after deleting the following built-in applications , telephonyprovider and phone , a new icon appeared in the top box , it was a signal bar strength icon with an x in it . now the " cell standby " no longer appears , and the battery lasts 3-5 hours depending on what i am doing .
yes , stock rom does not support other file systems but ext2 for the second partition . so create an ext2 partition . the location of the apps , once linked with link2sd will be from the root of the sytem : \ ( which is root ) sd-ext and there you will find some directories or app-files , depending on your link2sd settings . about the question for mounting / rebooting : i cannot answer that because i do not know . about the size of thee partition : when you connect your phone to your computer , and have minitool partition wizard installed , you should be able to create the partitions like you want it and with the size you want . but to be honest : 6gb for apps is an awfully lot . . . i think the tutorial just points out that you probably never will exceed the 2 gb that is mentioned and you can use the other 6gb for normal storage ( which also can be read by windows when you connect your phone to your computer ) i hope i answered your questions . . .
you could install the android sdk on your computer . this would give you the possibility to access your device 's storage via the command line using e.g. adb push and adb pull . if that is not the level of comfort you want , there are also graphical tools utilizing adb : adb fileexplorer is a minimalistic frontend to copy files from/to the device . it is freely available from the xda developers ( simply follow the link ) . it is written in java , and thus should run on nearly all operating systems used on desktop computers . if you want a little more comfort , then there is also adbbrowser . available for linux and windows ( 32-bit and 64-bit ) , it offers also an app-browser . and last but not least , there is qtadb available for linux , mac and windows ( again 32-bit and 64-bit ) , full of useful features like file manager , app manager , device information , sms , shell , screenshots , logcat , backup/restore . . . take a pick . of course , there are many more possibilities . if your device is rooted , there are several apps available on the playstore which permit full access to the local file system remotely .
long tap in your main launcher window --> ( personalize menu pops ) --> click on " display " --> lockscreen --> settings . you can only switch between application , but you cannot have more than 4 .
within the calendar app 's menu , see if the newly added calendar shows up in my calendars . select and sync your account . if it does not or you have problems , clear the data cache from within android 's main settings > applications section and resync .
no , performing a factory reset will not affect your hboot version . you should , however , be able to follow this guide instead ( which uses revolutionary ) . there is another page with instructions here which describes in a bit more detail what revolutionary does and where to go from there . the standard disclaimers with regards to possibly bricking your device apply , of course , and i can not guarantee 100% that it will work .
you can install a third-party homescreen ( launcher ) app which supports gestures . some examples : holo launcher hd , apex launcher , nova launcher . note that such gestures will work only when the launcher is active ( i.e. . , they are not global gestures accessible from any app ) , and may be eaten by scrollable widgets if they are present at the homescreen , and you start the gesture inside such widget . globally accessible gestures are possible too ( e . g . , there are apps such as swipepad ) , however , this will increase resource consumption , because such app must be running all the time and listening for touch events , and also may conflict with other apps .
presumably , the device is using wifi to access the internet - it might be worth a shot to try this : settings > wifi hit on menu to bring up advanced tap on that menu option keep wifi on during sleep , check that , make sure its set to never in that way when the device goes to sleep , wifi is still active and running and the web app should still work and when a new job arrives we are notified with an audible alert edit the above answer is not the correct answer , rather from the comments below , this is definitely the one , in which i quote , . maybe , the approach to managing the jobs is done the wrong way , especially in context of android - a custom app that has a service using a partial wake-lock to " ping " checking on jobs , send an event to the app and the app wakes up . imho , a browser is not the right tool for the requirements in your case . in short , there is nothing that can be done to keep the web-browser " alive " while the device is sleeping , as android , behind the scenes , when the kernel is not in sleep state , is tracking what apps are running , and depending on power and memory constraints , especially in the case of a web-browser page , ( if it has a lot of styles , the more elaborate the page , the more resources hogged up as a result , especially if it has a lot of javascript behind the page ) this could be the job for the kernel to shoot it down and eject it from memory hence not reliable route to take . tl ; dr : a proper application instead of just web-browser will resolve the op 's problem . off-topic : there was a piece covered by the technology section under the bbc news in respect to mobile web browsing and how it can affect the battery due to the way web pages are designed , rather , they were designed incorrectly for the mobile platform , too much styles , too much scripting , not to mention flash as well , they all had adverse affect on how android displays/renders the page which in turn meant a lot of cpu cycles consumed to do just that .
i asked htc what it is about and they responded with : the dcs utility services and components are the programs on your telephone that allow connection to the internet provided by your mobile carrier . it stands for data connection service . a little vague . it also cannot be removed , they told me . and as the sense ui was constantly crashing i decided to install cyaogenmod . best decision ever : not only is my data usage halved , the user interface is stable as a rock .
these days , the google play store ( renamed android marketplace ) does in fact have review filtering based on the rating . just click on " user reviews " and the "5 stars " , "4 stars " titles for the bar graphic are now clickable , and clicking them displays only reviews with that rating . thanks , google !
this google voice search pop up appears to be a bug in the huawei ascend y300 model . from this thread on android forums that you are not alone with the issue but there is no resolution in the thread . further reading in this modaco thread that it might be related to the headphones causing something in the device to trigger voice search rather than the intended result e.g. skipping song , changing volume etc . one user ( referring to the headphones ) states : " i get this all the damn time on my y300 . in my case it is voice search that opens ( i am on cm11 ) and i tried renaming the voicesearch . apk in /system/app/ ( iirc ) but still it comes up . it is probably getting the contacts confused and triggering that third button on some headsets , but it is bloody annoying . " the fact he is using cyanogenmod and not the stock rom suggests a hardware issue rather than a software one . you could attempt to disable google voice search while listening to music as a workaround , althought it is part of search itself and this may be inconvenient on a day to day basis .
i actually had this very same issue . i contacted nextbook and it was very hard to get in touch with them by phone or email . finally i got an email back with some ideas , including doing a reset for the whole tablet . however , i believe what actually fixed it is that i bought a cheap hdmi to mini-hdmi cable on amazon to plug into my tv ( which works quite nicely ) and once i plugged it in and out , that seemed to fix the problem of sound not working/screen rotating . i have not seen the problem happen again , so i think there was just some slight connection problem that is now okay . i hope it works for you .
go and download the android sdk installer . when the sdk setup tool runs , you can select the usb drivers the drivers will be in &lt ; install_directory&gt ; extras\google\usb_driver find the android_winusb . inf and right click it click install if right click -> install does not work , then try the following start menu -> right click computer -> click properties click device manager ( on the left ) find the device in the hardware list , will probably have a " warning icon " right click the item and select update driver software select browse my computer for driver software select the usb driver directory noted above check include subfolders click next finished . . . your device should now have usable drivers so you can mount the sdcard . for reference , the android sdk documents also has a page with links to many of the different oem drivers too .
currently this functionality does not seem to be possible using voice search . there is a free app in the market called navigationpro which is a little funky to figure out at first . it allows you to save locations and name them in the app . you can then enable the feature in the preferences for the app so that whenever you run the app it automatically prompts you for a name you can speak . once it recognizes the name it automatically goes to google maps and starts navigation for the address .
for applications installed from market , you can go to Market &gt; Downloads for application name and developer info ; however built-in applications ( e . g . phone , calendar , other applications installed by default ) often are not shown in market list ( neither will they show in manage application either ) .
that is a standard android warning . you get that warning when you try to install any keyboard . nope , it will not collect any such data .
press the " multi " button and then select the files/folders you want , as explained on their help site : to select multiple files in astro you simply click the " multi " button . then , you choose the files or folders you would like to work with ( you will know they are selected because the names will turn orange . if you want to copy or move files , go to the location you want those files and press the copy or move buttons . if you want to delete , simply press the delete button and they will be removed .
a short google search for " spmo file " reveals that these are " speedview meta object " files and speed up the display of images . they are probably some sort of cache file and should be automatically recreated if you delete them .
the missing piece of information is that play music ( and most other music apps ) do not go round looking for music files . it would be a waste of battery if every app had to scan the storage for files ! instead , there is one built-in app , the media-scanner , that looks for music files and makes a database of their metadata : that is , the app reads the id3 tags from each file and stores the track name , artist , album and so on . any app on the device can access this database to find music files . ( it works the same way for videos and pictures . ) the app has to know to update this database , so when an app downloads new files , it has to tell this media scanner the new files are there . obviously btsync is not doing this . on older android versions it used to be possible for an app to just tell the media scanner to scan everything . this was a useful workaround for when apps like btsync did not do their duty , but it also meant some lazy app authors did this instead of telling the media scanner what files to scan , wasting the battery . for this reason , it is not possible to do this on android 4.4 . in the first instance , you should ask btsync 's author to tell the media scanner when it downloads a file . then there will not be any problem at all . until they fix their app , you should try one of the workarounds in this question .
( 1 ) what are the non-google alternatives to gmail , talk , voice , maps , google calendar on the nexus one ? can not say specifically about nexus one , but the stock android platform does not come with google-branded apps ; so , yes , it is possible for the phone to live without google . however , imo if you are using android and avoiding google 's services , you are missing a lot . the stock email application can sync to gmail or other mail services through imap and pop . however , just like syncing gmail from desktop through thunderbird/outlook , you will not be able to use the unique gmail features , like priority inbox , archival , labeling , etc . applications that uses cloud to device messaging ( a . k.a. push-to-device ) requires a google account . without c2dm , applications would have to poll their servers periodically , therefore draining the battery . there are alternative implementations c2dm that does not connect to google 's servers , however most programs are not designed for those alternative implementations and may have problems . google 's android market is the largest android market place . needless to say , you will not be able to download as much apps as easily if you avoid google 's android market . google maps and navigations can be replaced by , e.g. waze , navdroyd , ndrive , rmaps , etc . i do not think there is a good replacement for streetview , however . there are certainly replacements for google calendar , however , i have not used any of them , so i cannot comment on how good they are . ( 2 ) do they really perform as fast as the " native " google apps/services ? yes , if we are to believe google 's words , none of the google 's apps use any " hidden " android apis that could magically cause their software to outperform other applications . however , because google is google , google 's own apps typically have the best integration to the android platform and 3rd party programs typically would prefer to integrate their own apps with google 's applications . also , since nexus one is a " pure google experience " phone , this means rooting and installing custom roms on a nexus one is among the easiest from all android devices .
there are quite a few replacement dialer apps in the market - just search for ' dialer ' . there are quite a few , both paid and free . i have only tried one ( dialer one ) just to confirm that it can indeed replace the default dialer , but i do not think it is sensible to go into any particular dialer 's merits here .
have you tried this guide from rootgalaxynote ? this answer is pending an edit . site is currently blocked at my location .
there is a big chapter on that in andrew hoog 's android forensics book on that ( see this amazon list for available copies ) . unfortunately , that book does not come for free ( but from elsevier ; so prices range from ~usd 20 for the kindle edition to ~usd 50 for the print , with some crazy offers for ~usd 170+ as well ) , but it explains a lot of background not only interesting for forensik specialists . a german version of this book now is available for eur 35 , published by franzis ( which can be found e.g. on its german amazon page as well as on the publishers site , see this link ) . while the link to androiduserland given in a comment on the question contains a very rudimentary list , a better ( though also incomplete ) documentation can be found at robotz.com. as said , this is far from being complete , but better for understanding . i remember having seen another documentation at android . com -- some hints can be found there e.g. in the storage options ( check " internal storage " and " external storage " here ) . but a complete documentation of the file system hierarchy is missing here as well . so again , the most complete documentation known to me is hoog 's forensics book . german speakers might also be interested in taking a look into the chapter dateisysteme und datenstrukturen of my book " die androiden-toolbox " , which ( in this community edition ) is freely available in html , mobipocket and pdf versions here on my ebook server ( if you prefer a printed copy with a few more details , the ( extended ) franzis edition das inoffizielle android-systemhandbuch will be available end of this month , i.e. starting around the 26.11.2012 ) . disclosure : as said , i am the author of the second book mentioned . and , not yet mentioned , the translator for the german version of andrew hoog 's book . but that does not mean i hold back other sources here , of course .
from your contact list , select the facebook contact that you would like to edit . click the menu button and choose edit contact . you will see an indication that the user is a facebook contact and may not be edited . now click the menu button again and choose new contact . this will create a new contact in your address book and merge the facebook profile information with that contact . you may now edit the contact to have additional details , such as a phone number .
depending on the set up of your profile use the following : in the task step add the if statement : %CNUM ~ 9*/8* this means that the step will be executed only for number starting with 9 or 8 . alternatively , set up the whole profile to only activate if the caller 's number starts with 8 or 9 . in event ( like incoming call ) settings : caller ( normally says optional ) specify 9*/8* this means the profile will be only activated if the number starts with 9 or 8 . hopefully , this will work for you . for more info see : http://tasker.dinglisch.net/userguide/en/matching.html
this is a problem i face with few contacts on my p500 too ! try merging contacts with their fb account or twitter account or just create a buffer account and join them . it works after that . not a great solution but been working that way now !
you can still use gps without having google location services enabled . when you disable the location services you are opting out of sending data to google . google location services is actually an internet database ( google location server ) that is made available to mobile device manufacturers as an application licensed by google . this is the database that is updated with wifi and cell id data from devices running android , and was initially populated with data collected by the street view cars ( up until 2010 anyway ) . it helps your device obtain a quicker initial fix by using wifi ap or cell id information . it is used to augment the gps , uses less battery life , and is sometimes used instead of gps if you are indoors or do not have strong gps signal . as noted on google 's support site , for ics 4.0+ maps will still work with just the gps activated . http://support.google.com/gmm/bin/answer.py?hl=enanswer=165333 in short , the settings you have above should allow you to use your gps without the help of the cellular network or nearby wi-fi aps . you will have to be outdoors in order to use this feature though , and it can take up to 4 minutes to get a location . so if you are waiting on a fix and you have google location services disabled , you will have to be patient . let 's address the battery drain--review the third-party location-aware applications you have installed . some are poorly programmed and could be requesting gps refreshes at a high rate , taxing your battery . also if you are only using gps to navigate , it is a battery hog .
the issue is not with your device but with the wireless provider . that is the typical behavior when connecting to a defective hotspot , either over capacity or just a tad too far for a reliable connection . . . sadly there is nothing you can do about it . it happens a lot to bt hotspots in the uk , in london most of them are overloaded during working hours .
catch notes should accomplish this very well . they even have a widget that allows you to take a picture and go straight into their editor to comment and add notes . highly recommended . they also have a web counterpart which may make viewing/managing your notes easier . https://market.android.com/details?id=com.threebanana.notes
if you are running a stock rom , i suggest you root the phone ( the warranty 's way gone ) and upgrade it to cyanogenmod 4 ( android 1.6 ) or cyanogenmod 6 ( android 2.2 ) . battery life is very good on 4 ; 6 is more recent version of android -- however there are some additional hoops to jump through to get it installed . the first step in most dream rooting instructions is to downgrade it to a vulnerable version , so you will lose data stored on the phone . you might have luck with one of the " one-click root " programs but if you can not kill the " power options " dialog every few seconds , you may just need to flash it with the rc29 dreaimg . nbh .
root is only required if you are installing a system app within the confines of the android os . if you can flash your own rom , you can bypass any restrictions that the os has , because you are able to do anything you want with a custom bootloader before the os has a chance to load and restrict things . if you are creating a custom rom ( off-topic for this site ) , you can edit the rom on a desktop and flash it to the phone . you could simply flash a file using a custom recovery ( such as twrp or clockworkmod ) . if you are on a stock phone with a locked bootloader , you could always root your phone temporarily , remount system as read-write , add the application , then remove root . as far as updates go , as long as the application in the system directory is signed by your key , you should be able to update it ( root not required ) . you will need a way to get updates out , though . you could post in the google play store , use a 3rd party store ( such as amazon app store or f-droid ) , or have the user download the app and side-load it . if you also wrote the app in question , you could probably program a way to self-update as well ( also off-topic for this site ) .
you google apps will work exactly the same as before ; either they will be prepackaged with cm or you will download an update pack that will install them for you . battery/radio/gps issues are mostly related to specific hardware . you had have to check the cm forums and wiki for your phone model to answer that one . compatibility is an issue for some apps , but in the vast majority of cases the answer to this will be no ( and in fact , some apps are compatible with cm but not with stock roms ) . you can most definitely still use the phone to develop apps : ) the nice thing with flashing a new rom is that you can go back to the stock experience anytime you like , either by making a backup or downloading the stock rom and keeping it around to flash later if you want it . so you are not really risking anything except some time invested in fiddling the roms .
different wallpapers drain the battery differently . it really depends on how many different factors the wallpaper is paying attention to . is it just being pretty or is it altering itself based on every movement of your phone ? the best way to find out is to simply test it yourself . spend one charge of your phone running a live wallpaper . when you get near the end of the battery charge , open up your phone 's settings . go to " about phone " -> " battery " -> " battery use " . this screen will show you all services that have used up more than 2% of your battery 's charge . your first reaction will probably be that it is taking up a lot when you see " display " draining the most but that is not taking into account wallpaper . the live wallpaper , if it has used more than 2% ( some do not ) , will show up as it is own service . they will pull more than a normal wallpaper ( that is a given ) but some will not effect it the battery charge nearly as much as say your widgets or the brightness of the display . turn down the brightness and you could probably offset the difference in battery charge of running a live wallpaper .
i think you are saying you want the pc to be the host for the usb hub ( so that it can connect to your phone ) but for the phone to also be the host for the usb hub ( so that it can connect to this other device ) . no , that will not work . usb connections are based on a tree structure . given this : PC----Hub----OtherDevice | | Phone  Phone can not be the parent of OtherDevice unless it is also the parent of Hub and therefore the PC . you should connect the phone directly to the other device , and access the phone over the network from the pc as ryan says in his answer .
please read the main how do i root my android device from this site . this is a blog on rooting the device and installing gapps on the device ( if necessary ) . this is the xda thread on the root apk this should be a one click rooting process . this is a recovery / rom for the device as always the disclaimer to this applies : rooting your phone may void your carrier and manufacturer warranty . you accept all responsibility if you brick your device . if you are ever in doubt stop ! this is not something to take lightly . read this also as it relates to the risk of rooting a device . and once more i have to emphasise : always backup everything , all the time . then back it up again .
do not worry , you have a few options ! option one : ( i do not have an n7 anymore , so i do not remember if it supports adb push in twrp . but i think it does ) boot into twrp and use adb to push the file from your computer to your device . you can try to open a windows cmd prompt or linux terminal emulator , navigate to the local file , then do the following : adb push AOSP-4.3-JWR66V-grouper-rooted_Androguide.zip /sdcard/ this will push the file to the /sdcard/ directory - which should exist already ( even on a nexus device ) . option two : boot the device to fastboot/bootloader mode and flash any of the factory system images via the fastboot tool . because using fastboot can be intimidating . you could also use the nexus 7 toolkit to automate the process . this will put stock android back on your device , and will also remove twrp . fortunately , you can use the toolkit or fastboot to reinstall twrp immediately afterward .
it was added in a recent update as a pro-only feature . Edit schedule -&gt; when finished -&gt; Sync to Dropbox 
if it is a supported device , then this should basically be the process as it is the same for every supported device i have experienced . put the cyanogenmod update zip file on the device sdcard ( or internal storage ) also put the google apps update package that corresponds to the cm version on the sdcard boot the device in to recovery mode you can create a backup in the recovery image ( probably clockworkmod recovery ) clear the cache and wipe the data install zip from sdcard ( selecting the cyanogenmod zip ) install zip from sdcard ( selecting the google apps zip ) reboot the device . if you have rom manager , a lot of this process may even be easier . with rom manager , which can also install clockworkmod recovery if it is supported on the device , you can download cyanogenmod , the google apps package , clear the cache and user data , and perform the backup . it will then reboot the device and perform all those steps . now , as i said , i am not 100% sure that cm is supported on this device , so there may be other steps required to get an unofficial version working on the device . with that said , samsung devices are usually pretty easy to get back to the stock version if something goes wrong ( soft brick ) . it is pretty hard to brick these devices , i have had a couple scares , but i have always been able to revert back to original stock rom by using odin .
from previous experience , rebooting the device should fix the issue .
the problem here is that adb forwarding attaches itself to the local loopback interface ( 127.0.0.1 ) , and you have no forwarding from the lan interface ( 192.168.43.198 ) to the loopback interface . the method you can use to achieve this depends on your platform . i do not know what you could use in windows , but on linux you can use rinetd and on osx you can use ipfw linux : add the following lines to your /etc/rinetd.conf: # bindaddress bindport connectaddress connectport 192.168.43.198 40000 127.0.0.1 40000  then restart rinetd with service rinetd restart or /etc/init.d/rinetd restart . osx : ipfw add fwd 127.0.0.1,40000 tcp from any to 192.168.43.198 dst-port 40000 
on my phone , i can not enter contact 's birthdays , but if i have previously entered their birthday on gmail then it does appear in their contacts entry on the phone , and i can edit it there . not that useful , as the birthday field is something you are likely to add to someone , and then its not very likely to ever change after that ! one workaround that i use if i am entering this on the phone is to add their birthday into the notes field , and then later on when i am at a pc i can go into gmail and put the birthday in properly . this is using the contacts app on a galaxy s using their stock froyo ( 2.2.1 ) .
hurrey ! after quite a bit of research i am now able to answer my own question . i was able to clean install jelly bean ( in opposite to the usual method of upgrading ) using official images posted by google . this obviously solved the issue . here are my instructions how to do this .
an app like root firewall ( needs root ) should work . ☆ block internet access for any apps :
if you go into settings -> data usage you can see which apps are using the most data . it is possible to turn them off using data in the background by clicking on the app and then selecting " restrict background data " . see this and this for pictures and further detail . also if it is just email you are using you can probably turn it off automatically checking depending on the client and email service you are using . if you are using gmail then go into the gmail app , go to the settings for your account and turn off " sync gmail " .
is that for the cm9 rc1 that was released yesterday ? :d there is two things you need to do : remove the simlock first ! ( flashing a rom with simlock on could spell disaster ) unlock the bootloader to enable you to run custom roms . as for the way things are , there is no true cwm recovery for the sony due to the inherent nature of how sony does it ( its different ! ) - when you unlock the bootloader , you are also unlocking recovery but , the boot and recovery are residing on the one partition so do not try flash cwm into it otherwise bam , goodbye ! there is an app on the market , for a cwm which is not a real cwm ( it dumps its binaries into the /system directory ) which by the way , must remind you need root for this ! you will need se1tool ( iirc ) to flash the latest rom , you could also check out the freexperia project for information on this , freexperia is by jerpelea , which is now what you are seeing , as cm9 .
eventually i resorted to restoring my phone to factory settings , and now this works again .
those instructions are bs . flash does not work on 2.1 . however , there are several devices that run flash lite ( it came on my galaxy s vibrant , for example ) . someone with flash lite tried that and thought they had real flash when really they just had lite , and it spread for a while before being debunked . just read the comments on that post . edit : according to lie ryan 's comment below , full flash is compiled for armv7 chips , and so will not work on other processors even with 2.2 . edit 2 : adobe now has a list of devices that run flash : http://www.adobe.com/flashplatform/certified_devices/
short answer : for security and warranty reasons . detailed answer : this is mostly a precaution taken by most ( not all ! ) device manufacturers to save them from too many service requests from " playing kiddies " ( and the sort of people who want to try everything , even if they are not understanding anything ) . so those manufacturers took special actions to avoid " custom roms " ( or , more precisely , any roms not provided by themselves ) to be flashed . as t0mm13b already pointed out in his comments above , by default you do not get physical access to your devices file system simply by connecting it via usb . depending on device , android version , and some more criteria , you get only to see parts . this might be the entire sd card ( physical , in ums mode ) , or even only " logical " access to parts of it via mtp . some more privileged access can be gained via adb when enabling usb debug -- but with a stock rom , in none of these cases you gain full access . now how are updates accomplished then ? one very common practice is the use of a special zip file ( update.zip ) . this is placed on the sd card , which is inserted into the device , and the device is booted into a special mode ( recovery ) , where the update.zip can be applied from . but : the device checks the integrity of that update.zip -- it must be signed with the manufacturers key . for obvious reasons , that key is not freely available -- so no custom rom can be installed this way on such a stock system . all these things can be circumvented only with super-user access to the device -- which means : you must root it . so that is for the why part -- while not handling the how part of rooting . exactly as you asked for : ) update for even more details as liam pointed out in his comment that using fastboot would be a method to flash custom roms without the pre-condition of having the device rooted , i did a little more research to find out about this . i will continue looking into this , but still already wanted to add my first results here . up to a certain point , liam is right with this : it seems not only valid to samsung devices ( as i assumed first ) , but some other devices ( not all ) also support this method , without root being involved ( aside from the fact that most custom roms will ship rooted , of course -- so you will have root available after installing them ) . however , there are devices which seem to require root even for fastboot flash ( see e.g. theunlockr concerning the iconia a100 , quote : you must have rooted your device before doing this procedure . -- and yes , they use fastboot flash recovery recovery.img afterwards ) . however , even if fastboot works for your unrooted device , there is one crucial point to consider : to flash a rom for your android device with fastboot you must have an unlocked bootloader or an engineering bootloader ( flashing guide - android - xda-developers ) which means : if your bootloader is locked , you need to unlock it first , which will wipe ( factory-reset ) your device . so all data will be gone for good this way -- while with root you could have done a complete backup ( nandroid , titanium backup ) before this step . however , starting with android 4.0 , this is no longer a real problem -- as you can do a full backup via adb ( see : full backup of non-rooted devices ) summary : there are devices requiring to be rooted before you can flash a custom rom . if your device falls into this category , the reasons for why is root access required to flash a custom rom are those mentioned above . however : there are also devices which can be flashed using fastboot without being rooted before . if your device falls into that category , the question why is root access required to flash a custom rom becomes invalid ( the answer not , as ex falso quodlibet sequitur ( "from false can follow anything" ) you can draw any conclusion from a wrong premise : ) that is : if rooting is required , the above is why .
i have not actually researched this answer , so take it with a grain of salt . basing it off of other development work i have done with mp3s in the past . i do not think there would be any reason that android would limit an application from reading the embedded lyrics ( or , rather lyrics from the id3 tag ) . because the tag supports this , really all you would need is a java library that you can bring into your android app that will read the lyrics . with that said , the lyrics tag tends to be a little more in the " advanced support " for many applications . everybody reads the title and artist tags . most people will even display the album art ( which is also part of the id3 ) . i have not researched any recent libraries , but if you are curious about the id3 tag in general , read this id3 easy article . so , the short answer is : no , nothing is stopping anybody from supporting it other than library support . either a library does not exist , or nobody cares to utilize that feature within an android media player . hope that helps !
since your phone is rooted you can use wanam xposed note that the framework itself does not add any functionality , but once installed you can download ( via the framework itself ) modules that have custom functionality . wanam xposed module has many tweaks for stock samsung touchwiz roms , gravitybox has many for morer ' stock ' type roms . you can change the sms limit through either , in the default sms application . please read the xda thread on this module as it has a lot of detail , and clarifications . xda thread
from the homescreen hit the menu button and select Settings . then select Applications , and then Manage applications . find the app you want to uninstall and select it , then clear the data associated with it by tapping Clear data and then tap Uninstall . voila ! edit : i actually just noticed this in amazon 's official help documentation for their appstore ( from june 14th , 2011 ) : . . . amazon tested to ensure the highest quality apps in our catalog , we take all submissions through a series of tests . in this process we screen the apps for known viruses and malware , test the app to check that it actually does what it claims to do , and test whether the app affects the stability of the other functions of your phone . these tests include ( but are not limited to ) : installation : the application installs and opens , upgrades can be installed and the application can be uninstalled by following the phone 's regular uninstall method . . . . ( italics added by me . ) clearly they intentionally left out an amazon appstore-native method of removing apps you have downloaded and installed from them .
your ending question differs in a little but significant point from your introductionary question . but let 's go step by step : sure it is possible to install an older version of an app over an already installed newer version . for a user app : make sure you have permitted installation from unknown-sources ( see its tag-wiki for details ) open/launch the .apk file using a file manager , web browser , or similar the package installer should fire , asking you if you want to replace the installed app by this " older version " . but be aware that though installation most likely succeeds , the app might experience problems if the newer version e.g. had updated the structure of its database ( i had this only once yet , and the affected app just force-closed when trying to start it ) . if in such a case you insist on using the old version , the only way to make it work is to clear its cache and data . now to your final question . this is not just about installing an older version , but about signing it . yes , that can be done as well . you have simply got to ask the developer of the original app to give you his signing key . trouble is , his answer will ( and should ) be " no " . alternatively , you might give him the files and ask him to sign them with his key . assuming it is the manufacturer 's company behind it , the expected answer again is a " no " , though . so your real question rather reads : i have got an app already installed on my device . is it possible to install a different ( older ) version of it which has a different signature ­– without rooting and patching system with lucky patcher or previously uninstalling the newer version ? the answer is : no , that is not possible : signature check will fail , so you had have to uninstall the app first when using the " normal approach " as shown above overriding this signature check without root imho is not possible changing the signature to match imho is not possible unless you have got the developers key
i guess these issues are solved as i have never encountered such on my desire hd .
same issue on an htc desire ( android 2.3.3 ) i had a crazy scrolling when tapping a text input field ( the field get the focus but was scrolled out of the screen ) and even worst : when entering values from the native keypad , each keytap was creating an arbitrary scroll . . after seeing this article i looked for some specific -webkit-transform tags and after removing them the issue is gone ! the lines were not even used , it was leftovers from previous attempts staying aside in a css file ! ! !
according to their dev blog , the appstore does download a small token for drm'd apps which it uses to validate them at launch : how can you verify that the user has an entitlement to the app without internet access ? during the installation process for an app , the amazon appstore client downloads a small token that grants the user the right to access the application . a valid token permits the user that purchased the app to access their app offline . the amazon appstore client will periodically communicate with amazon servers to refresh the token . my guess as to why you see the error is that the token is either out of date or just got corrupted somehow ( bug in the appstore maybe ) . re-downloading probably refreshes the token since it is originally retrieved at install time , but it sounds like you may also be able to clear the appstore data and sign in to get a valid token , or possibly just launch the appstore and let it connect/refresh itself ( have not tried these myself as i have not had this error yet ) .
the amount of ram is not the main factor that determines how smoothly a game runs . the other items on the spec sheet are just as important : what model of cpu it has ( arm 11 , cortex-a8 , cortex-a9 , cortex-a15 , and c ) how many cpu cores there are ( some games benefit more from having multiple cores than others ) what clock speed the cpu runs at ( measured in ghz ) what model of gpu it has ( e . g mali-400mp4 ) what clock speed the gpu runs at ( measured in ghz ) and there are many other important factors you probably will not find written down anywhere , such as the clock speed of the ram , what kind of memory controller it has , and the size of the cpu and gpu caches . the software makes a big difference too : for example , if the power management driver ( supplied by the manufacturer ) is inefficient , the cpu and gpu may spend most of their time running more slowly than the rated clock speed . in addition , the pixel size of the display makes a big difference . for example , if you made a tablet with the exact same hardware as a nexus 7 but a 1080p display instead of a 720p display , you had find many games would run much slower on this device , simply because there are more than twice as many pixels to process and store in memory . one of the reasons that unbranded devices are so cheap is that the manufacturers often invest in the ' headline ' specs , but then skimp on the other components , or use inefficient software . for example , it is commonplace to use a gpu that looks good on paper , but cripple it by only giving it a very slow connection to the device 's ram , through a cheap memory controller . the only way you can really tell how smooth your games will run is by measuring on the device : ideally with the game you are interested in , but more commonly using a benchmark such as glbenchmark that represents an ' average ' game . that is why review sites like to include benchmark figures as a big part of the review of a new device .
if your device is rooted/unlocked , and you already use a custom recovery ( like clockworkmod or twrp ) , there is no need to downgrade first . flashing the custom-rom will either replace the complete system , regardless of the installed version : usually , the images contain complete " disk images " for all relevant partitions . if , on the other hand , your device is not rooted , and there does not exist any rooting solution for the currently installed android version , but only for ics : then yes , you might need to downgrade so you can gain root access to your device , and flash a custom recovery . on some devices it might be sufficient to simply unlock the bootloader in order to install a custom recovery or flash a custom rom . if that applies to your device , i must leave for someone else to answer .
i will answer my own question in the hope in helps others : i just had to reboot my device , and now when i start kindle the mobi files which i had copied to the kindle folder are present in the main screen . so obviously the kindle application must be restarted when you add ebooks to its folder ( without downloading them via the kindle store ) . update added the kindle folder : /sdcard/kindle  force closing and/or clearing the data , does not bring up an epub file i just copied to the folder . will let you know after some more testing . update 2 for those interested : the calibre software , can convert any e-book between numerous formats ( including epb and mobi ) . so , if the epub format is not recognized , just convert it to mobi and use the converted file .
after investigating further and looking at the partitions again , it turns out that i did have a totally full /data/data ( as described in a previous question ) . for posterity , here 's what i did : because diskusage , the app i normally use to investigate partition usage , had locked up as well i fired up terminal emulator ( luckily it was still working ) and followed this advice i found in an xda thread : you can check [ the partition utilization ] by running this command as root : df /data/data if you see % used = 100 then this is your problem . it was , in fact , 100% full . as soon as i moved some apps to my sd card my phone immediately started working again . i must've misread the free space of the partition when i first looked into it ( doh ! ) . the radio issues i was sure were involved ended up being a red herring .
it seems that it is hw issue . unfortunately it occurred at the same time as i upgraded to ics , but it is a hw issue .
based on avirk 's hint , i found a way . first press the code *#0011# gsm example : it is obvious that it is using 900mhz band , from the " gsm900" . umts wcdma example : umts can use two different physical layers ( low level radio ) umts-fdd and umts-tdd . android just shows wcdma , which i think is the same as umts-fdd , but perhaps it can refer to both of them . by looking up the channel number here you can tell the frequency bands and whether it is umts-fdd or umts-tdd . in the above example it is using umts-fdd , the down-link channel ( rx ) is in the 2100mhz band and the up-link channel ( tx ) is in the 1900mhz band .
it was easier than i expected . just follow this tuto will guide you well . download odin download the related firmware launch odin , click on rom select the firmware click on start button . pray ! thank you for everyone who took their time to help me .
setting the status and navigation bars to have the transparent gradient is handled by applications/launchers themselves in stock 4.4 . some apps and launchers provide a setting to turn the gradients on and off . the aosp launcher always uses opaque bars , google now launcher always uses transparent bars , and certain 3rd party launchers such as nova give you a toggle . regardless of the launcher 's setting , apps can and will override it .
you can that following these steps : select the image ( s ) you want to upload click on " copy " , it is in the lower bar , at left in another tab , open the folder where you want to upload your image ( s ) click on the clipoard icon at left click on " paste all "
i would do away with a lot of connections , and just do a Phone &gt; USB OTG &gt; USB Stick connection . an otg cable is very cheap anyway . you can get one for a usd1 ( at least here in the philippines ) , or less .
google now has a device manager as part of google services where you can do a remote wipe : https://www.google.com/android/devicemanager at least put a pin lock on your device so that it will be harder to access . do not enable developer options / keep adb on all the time .
there just was a blog on land of droid covering this issue . the author summed up a few conditions under which this " flicker " occurs : back-light is dimmed under 30% a weak wifi signal the device is accessing the net according to that report , these 3 things are " and-connected " ( i.e. . the flicker occurs when all of the 3 conditions are met ) . he is also hoping for a fix to come soon . you might as well want to read the comments there , some seem to indicate possible solutions ( including flashing a new stock rom ) , but so far none of them are yet confirmed .
the app has to support moving to the sd card . the feature should be in android 2.2+ . your phone does not have to be rooted in order to do it .
i have followed this guide and my phone is now unlocked . i would not recommend it for a beginner user , because it involves pretty advanced commands and procedures , and uses roms and tools from untrusted sources . proceed at your own risk ! the performed steps were basically : create a complete nandroid backup on the sd card . google for a stock rom for the specific phone model i owned , and the specific carrier that it is locked to . i found one on a random forum . this is not recommended for obvious security reasons , but i was desperate . if your carrier provides an official stock rom , i definitely recommend you prefer using it . googled for the adb drivers for my phone model . in this case , the motorola drivers worked fine . connected the phone to my computer and flashed the stock rom . in my case , this actually downgraded my phone from android 4.0.4 to 2.3.3 and unrooted it . performed the unlock procedure using the unlock code i had . rooted my phone again , and installed a new recovery menu applied the nandroid backup from the recovery menu . result : phone is back as it was before , but unlocked .
i just did this , and it works . go into Settings &gt; Applications &gt; Manage applications &gt; All &gt; Market then clear data , and cache . i had to reboot the phone after . but once it reboots , go into the market , and the music section should be there .
try to look for bluetooth scanners . android supports bluetooth and there is sdk api for it so you could create your own app to receive and process data from scanner . one such device i could find : http://www.planon.com/products/docupen/xseries
since android 4.0 , it is possible to " disable " apps without root . however , not all apps can be " disabled": some ( pre-installed ) system-apps are protected against this . still , it is always worth a try if you do not want to root your device : go to settings→apps select the " all " tab scroll to the apps in question , and open their entry here you see either a button labeled " disable " , or one labeled " uninstall updates " . if the latter is there , tap it : this will uninstall all the updates this app received during the time you already used the device . now the " disable " button should be visible in its place . is it " grayed out " ? tap " delete cache " , then " clear data " . this will remove all cache files the app might have created , all its data , and its configuration . still " grayed out ? " then this app is " protected " , you cannot " disable " it without root . otherwise : tap it . this will disable/freeze the app . these actions are reversible : you can always re-visit the apps entries here , and push the button again ( it will be labeled " enable " then ) . if you could not deactivate an app this way , all that is left is root and some " bloatware remover " , as indicated by lucas ' answer . apart from titanium backup , there are several other " root-apps " which can do that – though titanium is a great choice , as it also provides the means to do full backups and more . if chosing this path , make sure to freeze apps first to check for side-effects : as with above steps , a " freeze " is revertible – a " remove " is not ( at least not easily ) . also see our bloatware tag-wiki , which will give you / point you to more information .
this is an account for syncing via syncml , a protocol used by ( e . g . ) funambol . in a test , i have already managed to sync some events using syncevolution as http-server , but currently i am not sure , wether ssl connections work as well . ( i have even started a question on that topic . )
video rendering , which would have to happen even if the application is not " active " but still playing , is going to use a lot more battery then " normal usage " . so if you are not " watching " the video , it stops in order to not waste precious battery power .
this should not delete the os . looks to just be a small update file .
if you are not sure if you need root , you do not need root . there are any number of alternative launchers you can install that will give your device a custom look-and-feel and add/adjust functionality from vanilla android . heck , there are launchers that can simulate the look-and-feel of iphone and windows phone . have a look on the play store for " launchers " or " home screen replacements " .
android supports moving apps to the sd card since version 2.2 ( only for apps which allow it ) ; however , this feature can be disabled when building the rom . apparently samsung decided that about 9 gb of user-accessible internal memory should be enough for apps , and disabled the “move to sd” function in their stock roms for the 16 gb galaxy s4 model . however , there are recent news that samsung heard complaints of 16 gb galaxy s4 users and enabled the “move to sd” function in a software update .
i use ftpserver ( http://www.appbrain.com/app/ftpserver/lutey.ftpserver ) to browse and copy files to and from my phone over wifi . on ubuntu you can connect to an ftp server and browse it as if it is a directory .
you will need an app like tasker than can assign actions with activity launches . action com.google.android.finsky.VIEW_MY_DOWNLOADS package com.android.vending class com.google.android.finsky.activities.MainActivity you can use qcustomshortcut to create this shortcut ! i tried several different shortcut creators with no luck , but this one actually works . use the above information and you will be set !
this allows you to obtain and run an application ( i.e. . the . apk file ) from sources other than the android market . ( i.e. . you get it from a download from a developer 's site , from an email , etc . ) . that is it . edit : once you enable unknown sources this post covers the rest : how can i install an app given only its apk file ? .
just rename the folders with dot in front . eg : newfolder to .newfolder and restart the phone .
adb sideload command just loads a zip file from the computer to the phone . the creator of the zip controls what it does ( the recovery just uploads it from the computer and looks at a specific file ) . you can do a lot with it , but it is not a full rom , it is cannot replace a rom . here is an example of an update . zip i once wrote and sideloaded it to a phone : mount("yaffs2", "MTD", "userdata", "/data"); delete("/data/system/gesture.key"); delete("/data/system/password.key"); ui_print("Done!"); it deletes a couple of files , and prints a successful result . 2 . the command fastboot flash all can replace an entire rom , because it does a bunch of operations like format a partition and install a new rom . but you can flash other files that do not do those things ( but often this command do exactly that . ) 3 . you can do a lot of things in the adb command line , like delete a partition a flash or just copy something else to it . what exactly do you want to do ? on which partition ? hope this is helpful , and check out the android developers page on adb ( http://developer.android.com/tools/help/adb.html ) .
there is a checkable/uncheckable option called block offensive words under settings → voice input and output → voice recognizer settings . for samsung phones , the settings are named slightly differently : from the settings app , try language and input → voice search settings → block offensive words . this of course only works with the integrated google voice recognition . for android 4.3 ( and possibly earlier versions ) : settings → language and input → google voice typing ( settings ) → block offensive words
the images come from your gmail contacts so you would need to create a contact for the " the nudge " and assign a picture to it . to easily create a new contact for that email , open it up and click the icon next to the name . you should then be prompted to " add to contacts ? " .
as a power-saving strategy , radio chipsets can sleep -- meaning they stop actively listening for a wi-fi network to connect to -- when they are out of range of any network , and will wake up to search for a network once every few minutes . it may simply be that the radio on your android is doing this , and that you have not waited long enough for it to wake up once you come back in range of a wi-fi network . a quick search tells me there is a powersave disabled setting in the wi-fi settings on the archos that might help .
it is the most frequently used apps while the earphones are plugged in . just open the app you want to show up 4 or 5 times in a row while the page buddy is active ( earphones plugged in ) and it will show up in the recommended apps . repeat for the next 3 apps you want to show . there is usually 4 recommended apps . this goes for all of the page buddy pages , earphones , docking , roaming , and spen ( on supported devices ) .
android handles battery calibration . your battery life will be better if you keep it between 20% and 80% charged , and only charge it while it is off . this is true for all lithium ion batteries . it may not be realistic to adhere to that 100% , i sure do not . you do not need to charge it overnight .
i downloaded a free app called timezone changer to fix this problem . still do not understand why samsung disables this .
switch the sim , answer no when whatsapp asks you to switch numbers . ref : stackexchange-url if you switch sim after installing whatsapp , you are good to go with the old number . the servers " save " your activation phone number during that initial sms . i tested it on my own phone ( it is a gingerbread p1000n - all hail the venerable p1000 ) with a borrowed sim card , the app just kept sending messages with my old phone number . whatsapp did not ask to switch numbers . there is a " change number " setting . if you reinstall the app while switching sim , then you have to restart and get a new number . about what is usually done when travelling , i can say from the world cup visitors we received , several just bought a new temporary sim card after arriving here in brazil . the local phone companies even set up special and attractive prepaid plans for the football fans . ymmv anyway , and you should check your home carrier overseas fees and the local fares . usually you can get a better deal buying a trowaway sim . here in brazil we even do it when traveling to another state . if you want to keep your number and still enjoy the reduced local mobile internet fees , you can try and get any old android device that can do tethering ( or buy a unlocked mobile hotspot ) , and then insert the other sim into that device , then tether the internet to your main phone using the old phone as a mobile hotspot . just turn off data and use wi-fi . on verizon 's global ( not really global ) plan , i urge you to read what peter shankman wrote of his personal experiences with that . my advice , is : do not . or if you do , monitor closely your fees .
click on the handle ( a solid dot ) on the right side of the red horizontal line above the orange line , and drag it down to 500mb . that adjusts the scale of the graph . look for the lime green arrow at right to see the handle .
the game 's creators did not take right precautions for the version of android i have and it ran into some issues . unfortunately , it is not recoverable with format ; the problem is not obvious at first sight though .
your mention of ' reset ' is a little unclear , if it is : you did a reboot and it is still broken : it might be broken settings , but that is not easy to debug and fix manually backup via recovery first ! do a wipe dalvik cache via recovery else , reinstall your current rom and google apps , maybe this helps see what adb logcat outputs during boot/runtime , maybe this sheds some light ( hacky , via adb shell ) you can also forcibly rename /system/app/phone . apk to phone . apk . off and reboot , then do a backup of all needed stuff and then reinstall your rom and gapps if all that does not help , consider wiping . titanium backup pro allows extracting backups from your saved nandroid dump ( from step 1 ) fully wiped and still not better : has to be something different than settings , either a faulty rom or a hardware issue backup via recovery first ! install cm7.2 ( see last sentence ) , wipe cache and dalvik cache via recovery ps : cm7.2 is out since june 16 , 2012 .
have you made sure that your " music volume " is actually turned up ? only then you will be able to hear the talk-back . to make sure it is , go to the stock music app , hit the " volume up " key on your phone a few times , then go back to google voice search and try again .
two things are important here : 1 . ) even if you would not install clockworkmod , you had lose your warranty since you replaced the pre-loaded operating system with unsupported one . 2 . ) clockworkmod ( or any other alternative recovery ) is what actually installs cyanogenmod on your phone so it is required . in short : replacing your phone os with cyanogen will void your warranty in any case . you will need some way of installing cm and clockwork is probably the easiest around .
sony unfortunately divided the phone into two drives before the microsd slot . so the internal drive and the sd drive are already assigned . the external card then formats itself as " ext_card " on the root folder . i managed to redirect some folders from the internal to the external card via the program " directory bind " ( search for it on google , it is not available on the play store ) . for this to work you need a rooted phone . the phone is fairly easy to root via a script ( windows ) . you need to install adb drivers first ( if you install sony compagnion , this will install the adb drivers and you have to enable usb debug mode on your tipo before you run the script to root your tipo ) . overall this is a little complicated , so i advise you to be an expert user to try this , especially the configuration of " directory bind " is tricky . it would be best if sony " bundled both cards that are installed on the device internally to be just one and then the microsdcard slot would work as desired and could be used to install programs and other stuff much easier . links : directory bind : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1410262 root tool for tipo : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1886460
thanks all for your help i can confirm that : i had a rom ( from orange france ) without any way to put my phone in download mode the little device here http://galaxy-download-mode.blogspot.ch/ works i was then able to upgrade my gt-i9000 and now home+vol down + power works ( so not download mode was not an hardware issue )
yes , you actually can do this . it is kind of kludgy looking when you inspect the clipboard , but it works just fine . first off , you can inspect the current clipboard contents with service call clipboard 1 from an adb shell ( or , without shelling in first , adb shell service call clipboard 1 ) . it may start out initially blank after a reboot , for example : you can put text into the clipboard using service call clipboard 2 , which basically takes 3 parameters - two ints and the string you want to put on the clipboard : # service call clipboard 2 i32 1 i32 0 s16 "Hi there" Result: Parcel(00000000 '....')  to be honest , i am not sure what the first two parameters are . one answer on stack overflow has suggested the first int is " number of items in the parcel " ( one in this case ) and that the second is the length of the string . however , i have used 0 for the second parameter and it works fine , and i can not find any documentation that matches up with this particular function . . . so take that for what it is worth . in any case , it is basically creating a parcel object with 3 fields , then passing it into the clipboard . the clipboard then unpacks the parcel and sets the string value passed in as the clipboard 's contents . you can see this when you go to retrieve the value afterwards : similarly , if you long-press on a text entry field and hit " paste " after doing this , you will get the text that was set via the call service clipboard 2 line above ( and it will look completely normal ) . ( the above examples come from my htc evo , running cyanogenmod 7 )
you have different options here : scp : as dan already pointed out , android soesn't ship with any ssh server by default . this means , to use scp as described in your question , you will first have to install an ssh server app on your device . ftp : other than you are assuming in your question , ftp can be scripted . but that might not come as easy as a simple scp command . and like with ssh , you first will need to install an ftp server app on your device as well . important note : many ftp clients/connections default to ascii transfer mode . if you want to copy binary ( basically : non-text ) files like images , audio/video , etc . , make sure you are in binary mode ( when using the command-line , that can be done by issuing the bin command ) . otherwise you might get " broken files " on the receiving end . adb : this is an option android even ships with , but by default bound to an usb connection . you had just need to enable usb debugging in developer settings , connect your device via usb , and then can use commands like adb push or adb pull to put files on your device or retrieve them from there . as you prefer doing that via wifi , there are several apps providing this as well . there might be additional possiblities , but the three mentioned above are the most used .
i am pretty certain the wifi drains more when scanning than when actively connected to a network . so when you are not going to use wifi , it is better to turn it off and use cell network ( which you will be using anyways while not actively connected to a wifi ) .
the icon that is displayed on the action bar is called a favicon . it is a low resolution ( usually 16x16 ) icon made to be displayed next to the name in a bookmark bar . android understandably does not use this as it would look hideous on your homescreen . for a website 's icon to show up they need to add another icon : the apple-touch-icon . this one was meant to be used as an icon on the homescreen . originally for idevices , but android adapted it . unfortunately i am not aware of a way to add an icon yourself if the site does not supply it .
have you tried a file explorer like es file explorer or my files , which comes with later versions of android ? if go to the download folder is the half file present ? a completely downloaded file will present a long list of options if you long press the file , allowing you to cut/copy/rename/delete . possibly it will also appear on a halfway complete download to allow you to delete . then revisit the gmail message to restart the download if you want . remember that the target folder might have been specified other than the download folder . good luck .
a quick google search leads me to believe that the device in question is extremely osbscure . rooting it is probably possible , but almost definitely will not be easy . i was unable to find any methods for rooting it . a custom rom is almost entirely out of the question . i do not think there are any custom roms compatible with the device at all . additionally , i do not think there are any custom recovery options available to you at all . i would say that unless you are very experienced with treading where none have tread before for the device - gaining root manually , hacking , compiling kernels , compiling roms for the device - you are more or less out of luck . anyone feel free to correct me if i am wrong .
shockingly , you can not block calls with xperia phones . unfortunately it is not possible to do this without installing any 3rd party software . i know that truecaller has this function if you want to use a 3rd party app . source : official sony forum you need to download 3rd party softwares that are mentioned earlier : truecaller calls blacklist
check the microphone . can you record yourself with the voice recorder app ? if not , i would suspect you damaged it somehow .
go to settings > developer options and change window animation and transition animation to 1x for the default or 0 for the speediest ui response
disabling the default action for an intent is easy enough to do on ics . from the launcher , press the menu button , and choose Manage apps . select the app that you chose as the default for the action . scroll down and touch Clear defaults .
the before and after screenshots of the about screen confirm that i had the exact same android , baseband , and kernel versions , as well as the same build number actually , they do not . the first screenshot shows a build number of jwr66 v , and the second is jwr66 y . an official changelog has not been released , but t-mobile 's documentation indicates that the update contains " security " updates . you can also find some ( unofficial ) discussion of the actual code commits in this article . so although the version number was not incremented , it is a different build than you previously had .
are you using screen filtering apps ? because your screenshot looks red-dim . if yes , disable the screen filter app and it will work again . if you are not using any filtering app , try looking for screen-related apps installed on your phone . this kind of problem mostly related to screen-related apps . try disable them one by one in your settings-> apps and find which one is causing the problem .
i know this answer may be of low quality , having no concrete explanation and all ; but sometimes recoveries behave pretty weirdly . once with my old device , i tried to make a nandroid backup , and it completed within a few seconds . seeing that the backup was basically empty , i ran it again , and this time i can not select the nandroid option . you can try what i did - just select the option with your volume keys as though it is there . just guide yourself with the highlight .
gameloft has been reluctant to publish on android market because of their own drm policies , but lately they have been changing their stance and putting more of their games on android market . ea has plenty of titles up for sale as well ( in europe , see ea netherlands ) . some other big names like id software and epic have mentioned a strong possibility of bringing ports to the likes of rage and unreal engine to android some time in the future as well . and then of course , there is zynga , if you are not getting enough spam from their apps on facebook .
after checking this on a samsung galaxy s 3 , a nexus 7 , and a nexus 10 , with several different keyboard apps , i could not see a similar issue , so i suspect this problem is specific to that model of phone . perhaps htc skimped on the touchscreen for this device , or did a poor job with the touchscreen integration . if that is it , there is probably nothing you can do but hope that a software update will fix the problem . alternatively , it could be a problem with that particular phone . try giving the touchscreen a wipe with a damp cloth . try to get access to another phone of the same model and check if it has the same problem : if it is only your phone , you should take it back to the shop and have them fix it .
there are many roms available for the desire based on stock android / the open souce project . i currently run cyanogen 's rom on my desire , but i have also used opendesire and many others . take a look on the xda forums . there is no ' official ' stock rom for the desire , because no one is selling in without the htc rom , but opendesire is as close to the open source project as you are likely to get , where as cyanogen 's rom is more feature packed ! you will of course need to root your phone to install custom roms . this is easily done on the desire using unrevoked .
like on any os , although the app code itself is isolated in its own process container , it is possible for the app to trigger problems in the os itself or in the hardware . for example , if the crash you are seeing is caused by a hardware problem such as a damaged heatsink , then any heavy workload will make the hardware fail , and there is not much the os can do to stop that . the least reliable part of most operating systems is the drivers , so if there is a bug in ( say ) the gpu driver , that could make the kernel hang regardless of which process caused the situation that triggered the bug .
go to Settings -&gt; Security -&gt; Screen lock , enter the pin once more and select Slide ( or what ever you had before ) .
from google voice settings ( on the web , not the phone app ) , under phones , select your mobile number , and edit . uncheck " receive sms on this phone "
you can try forcing your device to ask for a free download slot : settings > apps > all find google service framework in the list , tap on it first tap clear data , then force stop after this procedure the last checked date under settings > about phone > system update should have been reset to 1970 or so . tap the check now button there and see if the update notification pops up now . if this fails even after multiple tries , you can follow a slightly longer procedure described in this post , which involves taking out the sim card . apart from that , you could just wait ( you will definitely get the update with your current config ) or flash it manually .
the " dog " you are talking about is atrackdog . : ) it queries your installed apps and compares them to the latest known versions .
it is possible that maybe your parents ( or your friends ) searched for it , or +1d it , or checked into it , and they are in your circles ! google regularly gives you suggestions based on what people in your circles like . take a look at http://www.google.com/policies/terms/changes/ feedback from people you know can save you time and improve results for you and your friends across all google services , including search , maps , play and in advertising . for example , your friends might see that you rated an album 4 stars on the band’s google play page . and the +1 you gave your favorite local bakery could be included in an ad that the bakery runs through google . we call these recommendations shared endorsements and you can learn more about them here . hope i helped !
this to me looks like something your provider has added in to stop you getting free tethering on your data plan . if you are rooted ( which i assume you are as you are using a tethering app ) , then you can attempt to freeze the app that is responsible for this , using an app freezer such as app quarantine root . if it is not an app , then it may be part of the rom directly , in which case you would have to install a custom rom such as cyanogenmod . you should look at forums such as xda-developers to find a rom for your device . using a custom rom will definitely remove the message .
download mode is for flashing radio firmware/rom upgrade through official means . some devices uses u-boot over the generic boot , it is a boot-loader code found in read-only rom chip on the board , which uses a certain memory address offset , in which the kernel from the /boot partition gets loaded into that specific certain memory address offset and jumps into that address and the kernel starts running . for details of the generic lk boot which is employed by most , if not all , qualcomm based devices , see this as for download mode , for example odin is commonly used on samsung devices to flash roms , those devices needs to be in download mode prior to flashing . however , odin is not the official way to do it , rather kies , is the official route in upgrading the firmware , this is for samsung devices for example .
so here is what i did : first i tried bin4ry method 's from xda with the 3rd option , it installs superuser , but its buggy and it does not remember the permissions . so then i did it with motochopper method from xda which installs supersu , and the root apps now require permissions from supersu just once , and it is working fine . after that i safely deleted superuser .
there is an app for that ! it does exactly what you want and even lets you share to more than one app at the same time . it really ought to be something the system options let you do , but anyway . the only problem is that the app apparently has some issues with some apps in ics , but i can not speak to that from experience . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.andmadesoft.share
the root permission exists inside the recovery , but not in the normal system , you need to root it in there . there is usually , two partitions recovery and system , as the op indicated , was booted into the cwm recovery which resides on recovery hence is rooted , but not the normal android system .
i believe you will find it in settings > notification settings > then make sure enable popup is not selected . ( i just tested disabling popup messages - it works . phone vibrates with new message , screen stays off . ) alternatively , you can keep popup enabled , select popup settings > then make sure screen on for popup is not selected . this should allow the popup when you are using the phone , but not when the screen is off .
that is a known bug with kitkat , not only affecting the nexus but other devices as well . we discussed that on chat lately . a work-around is using an app like appchooser , which replaces the share menu . as a side-effect , it even gives you several improvements above the built-in share menu , as e.g. the possibility to chose between grid and list display , or have the list sorted alphabetically versus last-used ( where the latter would have your most frequently used share-targets always on top ) . you can even hide apps you do not want to see in the share menu ( and make them visible via the " show all " button ) . appchoser ( source : google play ) the only alternative i know of is andmade share , which offers comparable features .
the first thing to remember is that when an app runs , it does not actually do computation for the whole time it is running : most of the time it is idle , waiting for data to arrive over the network , or while you are looking at it on the screen . only very badly-written apps and games keep the cpu active the whole time they are running : this runs the battery down very quickly , and makes your phone rather warm . so even if chrome has been on the screen for 30 minutes , it should not have used 30 minutes of cpu time . if it is completely static in that time and you are not interacting with it , it might not have used any cpu time at all ! but at the other extreme , even if it was continually scrolling a page , it would not use 30 minutes of cpu time : the screen updates every 1/60th of a second , and each time it just has to run for long enough to work out what the next frame should be . cpu foreground bearing this in mind , cpu foreground is how much time the app has been running on the cpu while an activity from the app was in the foreground . ( it might also include when a service from the app was in the foreground : that is , displaying an " ongoing " notification . ) it is not a very useful figure on its own . cpu total i am sure you already know that apps can run services and broadcast receivers in the background , as well as activities in the foreground . ( for more on this , see what&#39 ; s the difference between a service and a broadcast receiver ? ) cpu total includes all of this cpu use . if it is a lot more than cpu foreground , you might suspect that the app is doing a lot of work in the background and therefore might be a battery hog . how much is " a lot " depends on the app . an app that keeps running to check some remote service will use more cpu in the background than a sudoku game . keep awake when the screen of your phone is off , it starts to think about having a quick nap . it enters a low-power mode called sleep where the cpu is almost completely powered down until needed . because this can interrupt apps ' background activities , an app can use a wake lock to stop the device going to sleep until it is finished . ( there is also another kind of wake lock , which stops the screen turning off automatically . a video player might use that kind of wake lock . ) an app can also use an alarm to wake the device up to perform some background tasks . keep awake measures the length of time that this app has used wake locks or alarms to keep the device awake when it would otherwise have been asleep . in a way , this is potentially the biggest drain on battery . sleeping uses much less power than staying awake , so if an app keeps a wake lock for a long time , it is keeping your device in a high-power mode all that time , even if the app is not doing any useful work . if you see an app whose keep awake time is more than a few seconds , you should report a bug to the app developer , and you might consider uninstalling it . 30 seconds over the course of a whole day is reasonable for an app that does work in the background , but most apps will show less than a second here .
there is an article that discusses the semi-technical reasons/issues that have lead to the differences in smoothness of android and iphone devices . but after gathering some key points from the article one can conclude : from the very start , ios had been built around a multi-touch screen ( meaning ios had been built from the gound up to be very responsive as opposed to most other oss that adopted full screen multi-touch displays ) yes , it is not always hardware ( processing power ) dependent it is merely a result of ios operating system giving more priority to ui rendering , etc where as android distributes the processing power equaly ( this may be an advantage or drawback as with a faster ui everything from download speeds to loading content will slow down ) ui rendering occurs on the main thread of an app ui rendering has normal priority android is very popularly known to be highly customization and it is simply a matter of tweaking kernel parameters like ' lowmemkiller ' that can make ui : amazingly smooth -- easily as smooth as the iphone or wp7 phones it is not that android lacks the potential , but simply that developers prefer to spend resources elsewhere ( like on the bigger screens of some devices ) . then why does not android spend more resources on ui ? well , android is widely distributed among a wide variety of devices , and that is exactly why when it comes to android , only individual owners can overcome these ( there is no optimum setting android developers can set . . . every device that runs android has its own set of ' optimum settings ' and every user has his own perspective on what they should be ' optimum settings' ) . so the solution , balance the power . . . and no it is not something that has been ' overcome ' on newer android devices . but it depends on what you mean by overcome , as the lowmemkiller of rooted android devices can easily be tweaked ( but it comes as a cost to battery , etc . . . ) for more technicality , see dianne hackborn and andrew munn
i reconfigured the router to resolve the problem . the settings that work include : g rather than the other options being b and g/n . this looks like the setting for the suffix on 802.11 . wpa-personal aes of course other settings may also work and might be more secure but i did not try them .
Settings - Account and Sync - &lt;your exchange account&gt;' - Account settings - (scroll down) Incoming settings' - password field . on my samsung galaxy s - running froyo 2.2.1
assuming you have previously installed appbrain and synced your device , you can do the following : from google play market download and install appbrain and fast web installer apps . open the fast web installer and sign in with your google account ( same one you are using on play store ) . open the appbrain app , and sign in with your appbrain account . go to preferences , and then use the " enable fast web install " option . under menu go to " more lists . . . " option , select the previously synced list , tap the " add all apps " button , and tap the back button . tap the " execute " button , and after reviewing the permissions tap the " install " button . this should download and install apps in batch , without having to confirm each one separately . you can also create lists of apps via appbrain 's site , and these lists should show up in the app .
maybe not exactly what you had in mind , but coming close : there are several clipboard-action apps available which might come close to that . i did not try them , so no guarantees – but their descriptions are promising they can do that . two examples would be : speaklip auto speak clipboard 2 hopefully one of them proves helpful to you . good luck !
i would try the first approach , and have the system pronounce the name . to do so , a simple tts app like auto speak clipboard 2 will do : install it , copy her name to the clipboard , send out all cats and your girl ( to avoid their punishment ) , and have that app speak what it thinks the name should sound like . have some valerian ready in case you freak out ; )
it is a froyo rom , according to comments i have read around xda . a custom froyo rom based on jpa blog entry detailing the european froyo update rollout , references jpa
tasker can do that ( and a lot more things ) , as long as the app in question supports it ( a list of apps with tasker support can e.g. be found here − never mind the german , if you are just after the list ) . as you have described , it supports " shake gestures " , and if your device has a camera button , you could utilize that as well . " flip gestures " might also come in handy ( flip the device to face down , then face up , etc . ) i know it is a paid app . but to try it out , visit the app 's project site and get a 7-day trial ( remember to export all your configuration and profiles before " day 7" , then you can simply uninstall , re-install , and re-import your settings for another 7 days period − this hint comes from the dev himself , so it is nothing bad ; ) the app needs some time to get warm with it . but once you did , you do not want to miss it anymore : )
so it turns out that there is no other way than to do it manually , and it is not difficult at all : ) get myphoneexplorer ( i am sure you can do it using the phone portal too , but myphoneexplorer is just so convenient : ) go to the contact tab , right click on any contact , click on export/import , export all contacts , and select the csv format check that the csv file is ok opening it in excel for example open gmail , go to the contacts link and click on import , select the csv file and import now return to the phone explorer , and delete all your contacts click on android 's settings - accounts , click on the gmail account and click on synchronize contacts . all your contacts are restored to your phone , but now they are linked in gmail .
as noted in the answers to the questions you linked to it is not possible to just sign out of the gmail application and not other google services . in order to achieve the functionality you want though have you considered using an application lock such as app lock ? with this you can require a pin to open the gmail app . whilst it does not turn off email access it will prevent the whole family from being able to access your mail . n.b. if you have kids using it as well then it might be worth requiring a pin in order to purchase anything on the play store , this might prevent some nasty surprises appearing on your credit card bill . you can see how to do this here .
looking at your profile it looks like you are based in the uk ? if so you should have no problem running the samsung 's european jpo release of the galaxy s froyo software that went out to unbranded uk galaxy s 's a few weeks ago . as this is an official samsung release there is no need to root to apply it , you just need to trick samsung 's software into installing it for you . to start with i will make the assumption that you have no problems running the kies software , that it recognizes your phone when you plug it in , and that you get a " you are already running the latest release " message when you click the firmware upgrade link . ( this is a big set of assumptions given the quality of kies , if any of these are not true , then you need to get kies working properly before going further ) . this post on vodafone uk 's galaxy s forums lays out the steps samsung galaxy s - froyo update ( android 2.2 ) ( reply 113 ) . i will summarise them below as vodafone are about to upgrade their forums to new software , so i have no idea if the post will survive , or the link will still work in a week or two 's time , credit to " ado28" for these instructions . first of all you need to go into regedit and do some minor alterations to the registry . do not update kies ! if you do then i think this tweak won’t work ! the kies version i used was 1.5.0.10024_74 but i fooled it into thinking it was the latest version step by step guide back up everything you wish to keep , including apps , phone numbers , text messages etc because we are going to wipe your phone clean before we start ! go to settings – privacy – factory data reset and click . follow the prompts and then let it wipe your phone . now you have a bare naked phone again and can proceed onto the next step . open up kies and leave running connect phone open regedit by clicking on start – run – then type in regedit and press enter scroll down to kies and look for “Localver” see pic change your localver code to 1.5.3.10103.100 now go to your device db folder and change your settings to these : " SoftwareRevision"="I9000XXJF3/I9000OXAJF3/I9000XXJF3/I9000XXJF3" " ProductCode"="GT-I9000HKDXEU" " HIDSWVER"="I9000XXJF3/I9000OXAJF3/I9000XXJF3/I9000XXJF3" " DEVCONINFO"="" delete the writing in this box and leave blank . now go back into kies and click " update firmware " this will now allow everyone who has jpa on their handset with the product code xee to be replaced with jpo and the product code xeu which is for the uk . once you have successfully updated then allow the phone to boot up . once booted up you will now need to go back into your settings and change your product code to xeu . to do this open your keypad and type in *#272*YOUR IMEI# and now you will be back to having a lovely wee choice of product codes to enter . choose XEU and install . the phone will reboot and you will now officially be on jpo with the correct product code xeu ! please note that by doing any update on your phone could cause it to brick itself . the guide i have written worked perfect for me however i can’t be held responsible if your phone bricks itself . to be safe always try the 3 button recovery method first before you update and also doing a factory reset first usually ensures a smooth installation of new firmware . extra note on kies : as stated above , this does not work with the latest version of kies . if you need an older version of kies then this version should allow you to do this ( according to xda ) : kies version 1.5.3.10093_82 . if you do end up uninstalling and reinstalling kies and find that it does not detect your phone any more , then first thing to try is clicking the menu icon in the top-left corner of kies and selecting the " install drivers " option .
reason is your client saves them at that time , and does not ask the " server " ( your android device ) for the original time stamps . you could try using a ssh server on your android device . droidsshd would be a good choice , for example . to copy your files then you need to start this ssh server first on your phone , which usually tells you the ip and port used . now you can use any ssh client on your ubuntu workstation , or from the shell , use the scp command : scp -p -p 2222 192.168.1.15:/sdcard/dcim/*.jpg . would be an example : -p: preserves modification times , access times , and modes from the original file -P 2222: use port 2222 ( that is what droidsshd uses by default ) 192.168.1.15: ip of your device ( replace this with what the ssh server shows ) /sdcard/DCIM/*.jpg: all jpeg files from your camera folder on the sd-card ( check for the correct path ) .: copy files to the current working directory there might be graphical solutions available as well -- but i mostly work from the command line , so i cannot give you examples for those .
ftp client lan samba client cloud storage connects over 3g 4g edge or wi-fi https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.estrongs.android.pop
in the realm of the arm chipsets which is the common factor , the entire android stack , from the near-identical kernel based on linux , are in fact , 32bit , cross-compiled from usually either a 32bit/64bit host environment , the host environment is usually one of the distributions of linux . recommended distribution , by google , for building and cross-compiling android is ubuntu . the android run-time library ( media , graphics , filesystem , to name but a few ) are also 32bit , but as we reach the layer of the dalvikvm , then the number of bits becomes irrelevant as it is at this point , the apks coming from the google play store are native bytecode ( a " by-product " of generated java code compiled into a portable bytecode ) which targets the dalvikvm ( virtual machine ) which in turn interprets and translates the bytecode targetting the raw arm instruction set . froyo was the last android that enabled compilation under a 32bit hosted environment in which it was cross-compiled targetting the arm chipset . gingerbread was the first of " future " android , back then circa , three years ago , that introduced a requirement to use a 64bit hosted environment in which it was built . there was many hacks to get gingerbread to be built under 32bit hosted environment . ics and jb , and upwards now definitely requires a 64bit environment to speed up compilation and to reduce turn-around time in building . so to sum up , what you see on the play store has no bearing on whether 32bit or 64bit are used and thus irrelevant . side note : typical 16gb ram/quad core/64bit linux distribution , the time it takes to build ics from scratch , takes 30minutes maximum , had this being a 32bit linux distribution , it would have taken longer , in fact , may cause a cpu meltdown as there is simply , not enough processing power to churn and crank out cross-compiled code , which is a very demanding and taxing process ! proof of this . pull in any native arm binary found in /system/bin or /system/xbin , for example , /system/bin/dalvikvm , this is the dalvik vm binary that is responsible for the upper layers of java and apks . now , examine the binary by issuing this command : file dalvikvm which gives a summary of the type of file it is , the expected output would be this : dalvikvm : elf 32-bit lsb executable , arm , version 1 ( sysv ) , dynamically linked ( uses shared libs ) , stripped notice the reference to 32-bit elf , and is cross-compiled to arm and is a binary executable . right , moving on , let 's inspect a native shared library found in /system/lib , for example , /system/lib/libandroid_runtime.so , now issue file libandroid_runtime.so , the expected output would be this : libandroid_runtime . so : elf 32-bit lsb shared object , arm , version 1 ( sysv ) , dynamically linked , stripped again , notice , its 32-bit elf , cross-compiled to arm and is a shared library . the key to the host 's cross-compilation can be found in the aosp source , i.e. , gingerbread build originally had a requirement to be built on a 64bit host system , here 's the newsgroup linky referring to how to patch the scripts to get it to build on 32bit host which has two patches , found here , for build/core.mk and build/main.mk ( combined ) on aosp 's gerrit review . as a subsequent result , this patch had made its way to ics 's build scripts in which i did have the privilege of compiling ics on a 32bit platform which took 3 days to build ( it was a port of ics for the zte blade ) . now , the requirements are ramped up , you do definitely need 64bit host to enable cross-compilation of building aosp from ics upwards : )
that feature was removed in the 4 . x versions of android . i use ubersync for my contact syncing and it works great . have not had any problems with it and it also has a setting to import high res contact photos . i would recommend that . set it up once and forget about it .
i would actually recommend upgrading past donut , since there is a great custom rom community for the g1 . for example , this looks like the best froyo rom for the g1 , but you can look around xda 's android development forum ( specifically the rom bible thread ) if you want to find out more first .
a subscriber identity module commonly known as sim card has a storage for text ( sms ) messages and contacts only . settings ( i presume you are talking about access points and gprs/3g configuration - clarify it you mean something else ) about your phone are not stored , except the carrier related parameters like message service center number , value added services codes etc .
according to their bug tracker , webrtc is currently broken on firefox android . you can get audio or video , but not both , and attempting to get both results in your getting neither . as for chrome android , it is only in the beta ( m25 and later ) and is disabled by default . to enable it , type chrome://flags into the url bar , then scroll down and find the " enable webrtc " checkbox and check it . it'll then prompt you to restart the browser . note that webrtc in chrome is really beta , not " google beta " and has some issues , such as ; audio sounds choppy and warbled especially on devices where the cpu is heavily loaded acoustic echo cancellation on mobile platforms is not working well chroma components received from the galaxy s3 camera drivers are swapped ( colors look inverted ) dtls via openssl on android fails and needs to be disabled general stability and complexity issues another note , neither of these browsers quite follows the standard , so the people who are writing the sites need to be adapting for the browsers eccentricities and if they are not being throughout , it will work on one browser , but not the other .
other than being redundant and using more resources ( you would have two separate services running in the background all the time ) , you should not have any problems running both at the same time like any other application . i would see it as not much different than running locale and tasker at the same time . they might do very similar things , but they are not exactly the same .
i did an adb install -r [ apk ] thanks to the comment by @eldarerathis and i got an install_failed_container_error as the reason for installation failure . . . further searching got me to this link http://eatingbits.se/articles/2010/11/16/install_failed_container_error-when-installing-an-application-on-android/ the solution being a temp file inside . android_secure folder not getting removed . so once i deleted the file app installed properly . thanks everyone for helping out ! !
you were assuming state → hardware → media button coming close to your wishes – but no : that event triggers when one of the media buttons is pressed , as the name suggests , not when a video/media is played . when looking for a fitting tasker trigger , the only thing coming close to it is checking the %MTRACK variable , but that only works for some audio players . to extend that , you can use some tasker addons as e.g. wave control or media utilities – but again , according to their descriptions they seem to work for audio only . i am not aware of any possibility to achieve this with tasker ; but feel free to check out my collection of tasker resources , maybe one of the many tutorials mentions anything i overlooked , or one of the addons got updated in this regard .
since you are talking about tasker , have you seen this comment from their google play page : tasker integration : add a locale variable to your layout and set the variable name ( click it ) in tasker select plugins -> minimalistic text for an action click " edit " , a new activity starts enter the name of the variable and the text that should be displayed for this variable ( you can use tasker variables ) everything else is customizable . add a new row , and use the + button to select and add new elements by checking them .
looking at a teardown of the new nexus 7 , it looks to be near the center again ( here you can see in the photo the nfc is under the inductive charging ) . ifixit did a pretty good teardown of it here which may give you more detail .
this is a new feature as of android 4.2 . it serves two purposes : to focus your camera on what you click on long press it and you get a radial menu of different camera settings to change ( flash on/off , etc ) . this is the exact same behavior as if you clicked the icon in the top right corner of your screenshot .
go to task manager icon from round lighted main icon at bottom center of phone . once task manger is running , click on auto end list and remove your connect music app or any other app that plays music . thats it . also notice before you do the operatino above that musics would stops playing after about 2 minutes . because that is the default setting for the auto end list in the task manager app .
the error message in this case is misleading : it is not that greasemonkey is incompatible with that version number , rather that it is incompatible with firefox for android . the extension mechanism in firefox for android is somewhat different to firefox on desktops , so add-ons for desktop firefox will not work ( in general ) on android . to find out if/when android support is planned , or to help out , you could start by contacting the gresemonkey-users mailing list .
i learnt from here ( in the question , not the answer ) that if one sets a custom resolution in pixels rather than selecting from the built-in ones , then the emulator does not display the skin with the emulator controls . below is the configuration i therefore set to solve my problem , at the same time not creating new problems : i just estimated the dimensions in pixels of a wqvga size instrument and set that as my custom resolution .
there is no official google talk voice/video chat for android phones . you can use google talk in android 2.3.4+ to make video chats now . additionally , any calls made via google voice are done via cell tower ( using your minutes ) , not data .
the question you linked to has the information you need to access the modem . you might also find this so answer helpful for accessing the modem . be warned that the device file you need to use is different for each model of phone , so you will have to examine /dev on each device to find out which file to use . as it points out , you need to be root to do this . the rooting process is different for each model of phone . for most models , you have to wipe the phone to achieve it , as the process involves unlocking the bootloader ( and maybe flashing a custom recovery ) in order to flash the su binary into the system image . some models have security vulnerabilities you can exploit with a program you download , to achieve this without unlocking the bootloader . how do i root my android device ? explains more about the process , and has an index of questions about rooting particular devices .
by request from ' dan hulme ' who replied to my question , i got the message to pop up again and managed to get the app-info . it turns out to be an app connected to the facebook app called ' sns ' . i simply removed the tick from the " show notifications " option . the message no longer pops up . it can otherwise be found on " settings -> more -> application manager " shuffle so you see the " all " list , then scroll down til you find the sns application .
i do not think there is a good way to do this - the issue is not that the private number is being hidden by your phone , it is that the phone company is not transmitting the caller id info to you at all . so there should not be any way for you to get that data working strictly from your phone . unless you know people who regularly block caller id data , but do not leave messages , i would just assume it is spam callers and ignore them .
there is no such thing as normal usb transfer speed . it depends on several factors including but not limited to : class of the sdcard usb speed ( 1.1 vs 2.0 ) performance and load of the the computer out of these three the one with the most influence is the class of the sdcard . the class describes the minimum write speed of the card in mb/s . for example a class 10 card has a minimum writing speed of 10mb/s . based on this your sdcard is most likely a class 2 . if you can not locate your sdcard class , there is a free tool ( only for windows users ) that gives you the transfer rate of your sdcard : h2testw 1.4 after you have finished verifying your unit you will be able to see the exact time it took for the operation to complete , the number of megabytes tested , and , of course , the writing / reading speed . as a side note : the cache that abdul mentions has nothing to do with this . that is for reading and only applies if the card is mounted in the phone .
are you running the stock rom , only rooted ? if so , you have a few options . ruu to the latest ota and reroot . available here . ( requires unrevoked 3.22 ) install a pre-rooted rom . available here . if you are running a different rom , you should be able to do a build . prop edit to keep from seeing ota notifications ( and burning your battery , redownloading the ota constantly , etc . ) . this post describes what needs modified . finally , you can flash a rom based on the latest ota .
press and hold the ' o ' key . at first you will get a pop-up showing the left parenthesis . hold it longer and you will get another popup showing accents for the character .
i had similar problems and used llama , then expanded my use of it to cover other events . it is similar to tasker , and sufficient to my needs , while still a free app . most automation can be triggered by entering/leaving cell tower range that is recognized as " home " . it has options to turn on airplane mode automatically when the phone leaves a cell reception range , and take it out of airplane mode when it re-enters . btw - i am just an enthusiastic user - not the developer .
gsm and cdma refer to the 2g/3g cellular technologies used by phones and tablets . in usa , at and t and t-mobile use gsm , while sprint and verizon use cdma . gt-p1000l and gt-p1000n are variants of the international galaxy tab gt-p1000 version that were released by samsung for latin america markets . both p1000l and p1000n models have gsm connectivity . you can find the exact version you have in settings -> about under the Model number section . in terms of rooting and installing cyanogenmod , you will need to refer to the cyanogenmod wiki for the respective model ( p1000l or p1000n ) .
go to the contact you want to add the ringtone to , press the menu button in the top right corner and select Set ringtone . the mp3 file has to be in the /sdcard/Ringtones/ directory for the phone to find it .
the feature uses bluetooth avrcp , the audio video remote control profile . it is used for controlling the app from the receiver ( e . g . play/pause buttons on a bt headset ) . avrcp level 1.3 is possible since ics and improved in jelly bean ; it allows all of 1.0 ( play , pause , next , . . . ) plus metadata information on the track itself ( artist , track name , etc . ) . it was also backported into cyanogenmod7.2 ( gingerbread ) . players themselves have to support avrcp 1.3 too , i guess . apollo might also support this . or just search for avrcp 1.3 in the store .
go to settings -> language and input -> personal dictionary and add " esco " . if " esco " is present , remove it .
i finally managed to get rid of the filesystem corruptions . i configured s2e so that it mounts the ext3 partition only to /sd-ext and /data/apps . since then the partition is not remounted read only anymore . so it seems that the simultaneous write access to the different mount points of the ext3 partition ( /data/apps and /data/data ) caused the filesystem corruptions .
yes you can . i have used swype as well as touchpal keyboard as alternatives . once you install any new keyboard , just go to settings > language and keyboard to set your keyboard/text settings .
try : mount -o loop /sdcard/myimage.img myimage . " myimage " is where you can view the contents afterward .
ok , i have jumped the gun here and asked a question without trying things out first . the solution is simple and very secure . first , you create a pkcs12 combo-key on the server that combines the server certificate , the client certificate and key with openssl pkcs12 -export -in android.cer -inkey android.key -certfile ca.crt -name android -out certs.p12 . during that you hafta issue a decrypt password . you are perfectly safe transferring that combo-key to the sd card . next , you import that in the android secure storage and then you can delete the pkcs12 key . after that , you are good to go , the keys are in a password protected vault and thus inaccessible to anyone else . it goes without saying that you need to protect your phone with a unlock password .
the best option skifta . it uses dlna and worked with my media center extenders as well as other windows 7 computers .
if your radio station is an extremely obscure one , there is a high chance that it is available in tunein radio . tunein uses your internet connection ( wifi or 3g ) instead of the fm wave so it does not require fm antennae .
there are tons of alternatives . find a list of ftpservers in this german thread ( google translate version ) , others like webdav and samba can be found here ( again : google translate version ) . i would say you could give ftpserver a try , sounds promising . no root mentiones , highly rated . alternatively , you might want to try domobile ftp share ( very small : less than 30 kb ! ) or their new app eshare . meanwhile i even managed to locate swiftp again ( somebody continues the project , finally ! ) , which should be fast and lightweight .
it looks like those roms just do not support app2sd . someone else was asking about it : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=12193603postcount=453
with rooted device , only one account called root with both user and group id of zero is present , does not matter how many accounts there are . similar to mac osx , linux counterparts . there is a singular superuser . apk , all accounts can run an app that requires root privileges . it boils down to what apps have the permission granted . afaik superuser . apk is not multi account aware ? if i am wrong feel free to correct me multiple accounts are only available on tablets , however cannot confirm either as do not have one . : )
for continuity across all android device sizes , from phones to tablets , the android team completely removed the old tablet layout from 4.4 going forward . it is no longer there so it is not something that can just be switched on . it would have to be built back into the rom , so you may ask your rom developer or look to see if a rom has already done this .
i have found it in the android api : http://developer.android.com/reference/android/view/view.html#setsystemuivisibility(int) a flag , system_ui_flag_low_profile , can be passed to indicate that certain ui elements be put into a low profile and offer less of a distraction to the user . if i had a nexus device ( really any device with soft buttons across the bottom ) then i would also notice those buttons being replaces by the same dim circle i am seeing in my navbar . this has been available since 4.0 and is intended for book readers , games , and other immersive applications .
most ads require internet access . if you remove the internet access , then it should not load the ads ( unless they are somehow cached ? ) . if he really , really , really wants to get rid of ads all together , you can install the adfree app on rooted phones . it will remove ads from the browser , from apps , etc . anything that is in its blacklist will refuse to load . however , developers do try to make a living and often provide their apps for free at the cost of a little advertising . you may also want to try and explain this to him and if he really likes the app he can support the developer further by purchasing the full ( ad free ) version . no money , no developers .
to replace htc sense completely you will have to root your phone and replace the rom completely . please see this post for more information : stackexchange-url if on the other hand you are looking at replacing your homescreen/launcher then there are plenty of options . launcherpro adw . launcher helixlauncher plenty more . . . i personally have launcherpro and have upgraded to the plus version . the plus version has 90% of the widgets sense ui has but is in my opinion far quicker , more stable and has way more features . nb : i do not believe any of these launchers allow you to utilise the widgets from sense ui . edit : just to answer your comment . launcherpro is an app you can download and install from the android market . once installed clicking the home button will prompt you to select which launcher you had like to use ( either launcherpro or sense ui ) . all you would do from there is check the " default " checkbox and select launcherpro .
if your goal is solely to transfer your email , your best bet would be to create a dummy gmail account with imap and add it to tbird as a separate account ( so that it does not go to the general inbox ) . once you had that done , in tbird copy all the folders you want transferred to the dummy account and wait for it to sync with gmail 's imap server . finally , add the dummy gmail account to your choice of email client on your phone and wait for the imap sync to complete . if you want to continue to receive email on your phone from all these accounts , you can add them in as you like to the email client of your choice . personally i would recommend k9 for multiple email account management myself ; it has an unified inbox similar to tbird 's general inbox and is all around mucho handy .
try adb shell ls -l /sys and check the output . most likely , access to the /sys/module directory has limited access . it does not matter that your device is rooted , when you are not using your root powers . to view the contents of " restircted directories": # open a shell adb shell # obtain root permission su - # now access your target ls -l /sys/module  when issuing the su - , you will have to approve a popup to confirm superuser access − at least on the first try . you then can tell your superuser/supersu app to remember your choice .
fortunately there is no region-locking for phones , just carrier locking . if your phone came with european firmware then you should probably stick with european firmware . ideally you had be able to find something from your carrier even if it was re-packaged by someone for odin . as for your network settings , there are a couple possibilities . you may need to supply the apn information , which you can usually find by doing a web search for "&lt ; carrier&gt ; apn " or similar . you might also need to flash a different modem if the one you have is buggy or otherwise incompatible with your device/carrier .
that looks like a job for tasker : profile camerarotate : condition : app → camera task : notify sound ( text : " rotate me , please ! " , sound : [ select file ] ) this way , whenever the camera app becomes the active ( foreground ) app , a notification will appear with the text specified . you can also include a sound ( maybe something annoying or shocking , to make the " user in question " really aware ) . also , instead of the notification you could chose " play sound " , and have a pre-recorded mp3 played saying/shooting something like " hey , do not forget to rotate the device ! "
you do not need to remove default google account or factory reset to ditch double notifications . use any one of following methods which suits you best : from Settings ~> Accounts &amp; Sync , choose the default google account and turn off gmail sync . after that , you will receive notifications from k-9 mail , only . in some android versions , if you turn off all sync options listed under a google account , a sign out button is appeared . all you need is to tap it . go ahead to try it . if you are rooted , delete /data/system/accounts.db file and restart the system ( on jelly bean , its /data/system/users/0/accounts.db and the location can vary with android versions ) . next time , you will be asked to add google account again .
within gmail while at the inbox screen if you click menu and then label settings you should then be able to check notify once and then you should get notified for every new messages as a group .
if you have multiple users on your tablet , this means that the apps are installed by another user , and therefore take up space without being installed under your user account . just open the other accounts and uninstall the apps from there .
you need to install the correct drivers for the device . i am not familiar with the device in question , but it seems that there are two drivers available on the gionee mobile india site . try installing one of the drivers there and then connect your device again .
it is impossible to obtain block level access to a block device without root , since all of those files grant the write permission only to root . at least i have never seen it any other way and i doubt that the s3 is an exception here . it is not because it is technically impossible , the default permissions simply forbid it . a this is done for a pretty good reason : it would be a major security issue if this was possible : the normal user could get a dump of all the filesystem data .
the nexus 7 is probably one of the easiest android devices to root - and all you need is the android sdk ( and 2 downloads ) . step 1 install the adb and fastboot commands . on ubuntu these can be downloaded using apt: sudo apt-get install android-tools-adb android-tools-fastboot on windows you should download the android sdk , however you can just download this zip which contains the adb , fastboot and dependencies . step 2 on your nexus 7 , go to System Settings-&gt;Developer Options-&gt;Check USB Debugging ( you may need to slide the toogle switch in the action bar to on ) . if you do not see the usb debugging option , go to System Settings-&gt;About Tablet-&gt;Tap on 'Build Number' 7 times . connect your nexus to your computer . step 3 make sure the drivers have downloaded and installed if you are on windows - windows update should automatically find them . once connected , open up a terminal window ( windows : win+r , type cmd press enter . ubuntu : ctrl + alt + t ) and navigate to where you have unzipped the fastboot and adb programs ( no need to do this on linux - they are in the path ) . step 3.5 type adb backup -all -nosystem to backup your userdata to the backup.ab file . step 4 type adb reboot-bootloader and press enter . your nexus 7 will reboot into fastboot mode . step 5 when the device is in fastboot mode , type fastboot oem unlock and press enter . read the information on the device , and touch the Yes option . your bootloader will be unlocked . this will erase all userdata ! step 6 download the latest twrp recovery image from this page . save it in the same location as the fastboot binary . issue the fastboot flash recovery twrp.img command to flash this recovery image . step 7 almost done ! using the on-device fastboot controls , reboot into the recovery menu . select Advanced then ADB Sideload . download the latest supersu zip file and save it to the same location as adb and fastboot . do not unzip it step 8 issue the command adb sideload CWM-SuperSU-v0.99.zip , and then reboot the device . you are now rooted ! step 9 type adb restore &lt;backup file made in 3.5&gt; to restore backup .
a few suggestions ( this is a shell so i am guessing you have basic shell commands ) one or all of these may work : first try : sh su then : bash su then : . /su if it has an extension give all the above commands a try with the extension of su also as a suggestion to see what commands are available just type : help [ edit ] since you mentioned not having root access try using the sudo command before su ( and the above commands if needed )
first i have to admit i am not an expert on device encryption . i cannot speak out of first-hand experience , but at least can give some background information which definitely will prove helpful here . so for one , there is the big confusion about storage naming . our storage tag-wiki can be a big help on this . in your specific case it is the question what " internal storage " refers to , and how that differs from " internal sdcard " ( which it does ) . so let 's see how our internal-storage tag-wiki defines internal storage : internal storage generally refers to the storage space on your device that can be used for installing applications and their associated data . i see our storage tag-wiki is even more precise/detailed : device storage : usually referred to as " internal storage " or " phone storage " . [ … ] on your device , this will be used for apps and data , and usually is mounted at /data internal sdcard : some devices offer a separate internal sdcard , where you can store your own data ( such as documents , videos , music files , pictures , etc . ) . so from this you can clearly see the difference . without root , you are not able to ( freely ) store your personal data ( as defined above ) on device storage . but our apps have their own specific directories here where they can ( and do ) save their settings , data , and more . second confusion is caused by different manufacturers using different " mount points " and access-paths for storages . as you describe for your device , they might even mount the sdcard inside the /data partition . however , if the encryption setup offers you separate choices to encrypt internal storage and internal sdcard , this should not matter : if you can tell it to not encrypt a given partition , one should assume it follows this advice . if , on the other hand , you do not get the option to not touch the internal sdcard , i am not sure it will be left out . in that case , it might very much depend on your device ( and system ) . when switching from ums to mtp to provide access to your " internal sdcard " from your computer , for many of them there was a second change going along : to not " fragment " the internal storage space ( i.e. . " internal storage " running low while there is plenty of space available on " internal sd " , or vice versa ) , they just use a single partition to hold both . the " internal sdcard " then is created as fuse device , in simplified terms : pointing to a directory on internal storage . if that is true for your device , encryption of " internal storage " most likely will affect the " internal sdcard " as well . but as initially stated : i have no first-hand experience here , and thus gladly accept corrections in the comments .
yes , you need a specific otg cable , or you need to modify your cable . an otg cable has pins 4 and 5 shorted , which is how android knows it needs to switch over to host mode . you can manually short ( cross ) the wires on a standard cable , then use a f-f adapter . for my nook simple touch , a kernel patch is needed to be able to use otg . i also need to manually activate host mode while using a otg cable , so i know the grounding of pins 4 and 5 do more than simply tell android to go into host mode .
the tasker app will let you do this ( and much much more ) once installed , add a " task " widget to your homescreen , and have it run a " send sms " action . this lets you specify the target of the sms , as well as the full body of the message .
the problem has been solved by updating " google search " after the 4.2 announcement . so it was definitely a bug : )
i just found a free sensors diagnostic app , install it and run it in order to see if it is a hardware problem : z - device test
if you look at my previous answer to a similar question you can see that by google 's testing utilising wifi will use more battery than using gps . this seems broadly in line with the figures given in an answer mentioned in the comments . however as izzy mentions these are ballpark figures and actual consumption is dependant upon what exactly the phone is doing .
most of the information is available in Settings -> About Phone -> Status but you can also use an app from the market called battery info ( i am sure there are others as well ) and it will show you all the information on the battery . this app also has a widget that can display some information too . at the time of me writing this it is not possible in the android sdk to get the raw mah value so you wont find any apps that can display the exact mah , only how charged the battery is in percent , and what is drained .
if you use mv on a directory containing files and subdirectories , it will move all of them . but in this case you may not want to move the amazonmp3 directory itself , so the command would be mv internalmemory/amazonmp3/* /sdcard/music/ , assuming the internalmemory directory is correct . the actual names for the internal memory and sd-card depend on the device , for example on my old galaxy s they were /sdcard and /sdcard/external_sd/ .
install smart app protector with its helper app ( for enhanced reliability ) . make sure to make it device administrator . then , lock Package Installer and Play Store using it ( lock down other market apps too ) . with one tap , the app can lock all apps which could uninstall it . the app facilitates this for its own security , but its solution of your question . and , i can bet . . . after that your kids can not uninstall an app without developer level expertise . update : after your comment , looks like your app launcher is capable of uninstalling apps directly like play store . so , lock your launcher too . from your screenshot , its samsung touchwhiz launcher having package name tw.launcher . lock this package with smart app protector . but , it would lock your app drawer too . if you do not want to lock your app drawer , best way is to switch your home launcher app and lock Package Installer , Play Store etc . done ! alternate launcher apps have more features as well as memory efficiency . so , its better in all other aspects . if you do not want to spend money , i would recommend you go launcher ex . if you can spend money for this , i would recommend you adw launcher ex .
it should be noted that the dropbox app does not actually sync the files to your phone , it just presents you with a list . whenever you select a file in the dropbox app , then it downloads it to your phone . on my incredible , the dropbox folder is just in the root of the sd card .
beyond what you have already done , you can not . the market requires you to have your google account added to your phone , and this naturally stores data such as your email address even if you do not sync email .
ultrachron stopwatch lite . it does not time stamp each lap but does the start time .
mininoteviewer (https://market.android.com/details?id=jp.gr.java_conf.hatalab.mnvhl=en) basically works the way i want . there is no explicit switch between " edit " and " view " modes , but it does not pop up the keyboard until you tell it to . good enough . also jota view ( https://market.android.com/details?id=jp.sblo.pandora.jota ) can be set to not pop up the keyboard when you are viewing a note ( preferences-> input-> viewer ) , though the app is overcomplicated imo .
yes , the reason you can not downgrade official roms is not a technical one ; it is just a decision samsung have taken . there is no reason at all why you can not go backwards and forwards between versions of cyanogenmod as long as you have the appropriate recovery . and cm10.1.3 and cm10.2 are currently much more stable than cm11 on the i9300 . consult the cyanogenmod site ( http://www.cyanogenmod.org/ ) or xda-developers ( http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2382573 ) for full details before actually flashing a new recovery . ( personally i am staying with cm10.1.3 ( http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2035141 ) as i found the camera unstable on cm10.2 )
seeing that you have 2.2 , the easiest solution would be to go to settings -> wireless and networks -> tethering and portable hotspots . there you have an option to enable usb tethering ( exactly what you asked for ) or , even better try out portable wi-fi hotspot . that way you will be able to connect to the internet without connecting the phone via usb , and connect multiple devices if you want .
i had no trouble getting it myself , but that was a while ago . have you tried using a us proxy or sideloading the app ? another option would be to switch to data or wi-fi for the download , whichever you were not using , to see if it is just the particular network that the play store has a problem with .
i had the same problem when i originally rooted on my droid with stock rom . eventually a newer version of froyo came out and i had to upgrade ( and lose root ) or switch to a custom rom . i ended up switching to cyanogenmod . no more nagging update messages and i kept root . you might want to consider rooting your phone and switching to a custom rom for the incredible .
it is usually /datadata that gets full on the galaxy s . interestingly this partition is not displayed in the Storage setting menu . the quirk is that /datadata is mounted on a special very fast flash chip that only provides 170mib of storage space . while this was enough in the " early days " of android when the galaxy s was released , it can easly become tight with modern apps . /datadata is used to store application user data , and while many apps only place a few kib there , some apps require to store more . typical candidates that store around 20mib in /datadata are google chrome and google currents . atm the best practice is a fix that lets you control which apps can store data on the fast chip and which are outsourced to the slower ram . this script can also be installed with an app called datafix . to find the apps that consume the most space use su &amp;&amp; du -s /datadata/* |sort -gr |head . for example on my device :
if you had contact sync enabled and you added the account on this rom too your contacts should appear . if they do not , try titanium backup pro . it is a terrific backup solution and it is pro version allows you to restore individual items from cwm backups . it costs more than your average app but it is super well worth it .
do not use full image at recovery ! it contains recovery too ( cm can repair itself , but reflash of bootloader is not needed ) . use fastboot and flash partitions : system , data you will lose all of your data on the tablet , but it is needed because of the different filesystem structure . without reflashing data you will get a bootloop .
i have found it , i needed a y-cable and i needed to activate the usb host mode by using this command in the terminal emulator : su insmod /system/lib/modules/ehci-hcd.ko  that activates the usb host mode . and the phone does not mount the flash drives so i have to mount it manually : cd /dev/block ls  the terminal emulator should turn out something like uba , uba1 then create a folder in your sdcard called data ( or whatever you like ) and then type the one ending with 1 ( i.e. uba1 ) like this : mount /dev/block/ub*1 /mnt/sdcard/data  ( * ) stands for the changed letter because it always starts with ub and ends in 1 but the third character changes between a , b , c , . . . . then open any file explorer and do whatever you want with data folder in your sdcard and then just unplug it , no need to unmount safely .
problem solved : the reason was a defect in the battery . there was a small crack over the side of the battery . it was replaced by the shop where i bought the phone last year .
you can have some custom roms , but if you want just to remove the bloatware , i would just root my device , uninstall those bloatwares and if possible unroot again . some rooting methods does permit to unroot and some do not . even in latter case all that has happened is just you had rooted your device and still have your original rom .
use es file explorer https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.estrongs.android.pophl=en free . how to use go into your pc and set up a share folder . use this as reference http://www.techrepublic.com/blog/windows-and-office/how-do-i-share-folders-in-windows-7-with-the-shared-folder-wizard/ either place your file to transfer in the shared folder or make the shared folder where your file is located . now install es file explorer on the device and run app . goto the quick access menu ( 3 dash button in the top left corner ) . select network> lan . bottom of the screen select scan , might take a minute to acquire connection . select your shared folder . select your file ( long pressing file and select copy at the bottom ) goto the quick access again and select local pick your destination location from there and tap paste enjoy ! !
there are a lot of alternative keyboards available on the playstore , which register as separate imes . one example i found is lime hd chinese ime 1 , another one cantonese keyboard 2 : there are several more available ( the developer of the second keyboard offers some other variants as well ) , many are linked on these apps ' playstore pages .
what you are missing is : the application ( in your case toolbox ) can evaluate how it was called . to make an easy linux-example : say you have a script called myscript , and call it with the parameters para1 para2 ( i.e. . myscript para1 para2 ) , and the script has a line : echo $0 $1 $1  it would output exactly what you called it : myscript para1 para2 . now make a symlink : ln -s myscript mylink , call mylink para1 para2 , and guess what it will " echo": the command line you called . so parsing the command line , based on the symlink your toolbox was called by , it can determine which functionality you were pointing at .
the newest version of the gmail app supports file downloads , rather than previews . if you are using the website i would think that foley is correct .
short answer : no . there is nothing that prevent developer from making lots of additional google accounts to provide 5 star ratings . google recently made a change that require a google+ enabled account to post reviews/star ratings on google play ( at least using the on-device play-app on certain phones ) which is a small improvement from the past where a simple gmail account would be enough .
what is a force-close ? if an application encounters an unexpected state or some other programming error , it will issue an force close . in most cases you will be presented with a form that allows you to send log files and the cause of the force close to the developer . doing so will help the developer to fix the bug . first aid if it happens rarely , you might be able to " ignore " it . contact the app 's developer if it repeats from time to time . an extract of the logcat might be helpful to locate the issue . if it persists : a reboot might solve it if it still persists in a loop , preventing you accessing the device otherwise , and the app in question is one you installed yourself , you can boot into safe-mode and remove that app if instead it is a system app , a factory-reset might be needed if your device is rooted , you might boot to recovery-mode and " wipe cache " before going to factory-reset . if this works out , you will not lose any data . helpful questions/answers dealing with force-closes how to fix a force close loop on android with phone access ?
try aphonemetix completely offline phone usage analyzer . generates graphs and reports which you can share easily . ps - i am creator of this application .
if every app had to interpret the raw gps input itself , it would be very silly . different apps would duplicate the same effort of decoding and interpreting the gps input to compute a location . different apps would end up using different libraries to do it , so each app might end up with a different idea of your location . instead , the process of interpreting the gps data to compute with a location is handled centrally in android itself . the android system offers an interface for apps to query the location without having to worry about the details of whether it came from gps , cell towers , or wi-fi networks . this way , only the android system has to compute the location , using any possible sources , it can give this location to many apps without duplicating effort , and ( as you have noticed ) each app does not have to start from scratch to compute the location . more recent android versions also do clever tricks like giving a less precise location to apps that have the " approximate ( network-based ) location " permission but not the " precise ( gps ) location " permission , regardless of which methods were actually used to determine the location . internally , this works with what is called a bound system service : an ipc mechanism for different processes to receive data from the service that actually computes the location . the service does run in user space , not inside the kernel , and like any other android app it runs inside its own process . ( only the very low levels of the gps receiver driver run inside the kernel . ) the details of that are well beyond the scope of this site , but if you are interested , you can learn more by reading the location strategies page in the official android developers ' guide .
the water evaporating has left now undissolved mineral ions on your phone ( ions conduct electricity ) . now electricity does not go as designed . also heat cycles will possibly change chemical and physical structure of your hardware . the more you use it the more likely something will get worse instead of drying to get rid of water and leave the ions on your phone you should have hoovered the water being cautious not to discharge static electricity to the phone ( even though theoretically almost everyone should have damaged their hardware with static many times in their lives it somehow never happens ) now maybe you should clean it properly ( isopropyl alcohol should work the purer the better at least 99% ) the better way to clean it is with bathing it in the alcohol and use ultrasound at the same time which some more professional phonerepairers do with special machines . ( you can find some good replacements of the machines for about 50usd ) it most often works without ultrasounding but the ultrasound method is much better and fixes the performance of water damaged phone more .
there is a root method available for the vruema7 build that does not require you to wipe your device or flash roms , but it does not have an unlocked boot loader ( source and credit to : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2380325 ) step 1: download all three files from the first step from the source above and install/extract as necessary . step 2: insert a microsd card ( exfat format required ) into your device and connect it to your computer as a media device . step 3: move the extracted files and folder from the root exploit package onto the root of your microsd card . do not put them in any folder . step 4: open the android terminal emulator app on your device and run the following commands hitting return after each line : cd /mnt/extSdCard ./pwn ./script.sh  after the second command you should see the '$' change to a '#' indicating root access . the third command will make root access permanent . step 5: after the above commands have run , you can download and open supersu and check for binary updates . at this point you should be done and you can open an app that will request root access to test this .
astrid has this functionality . add a task by giving it a title and then clicking add a due date if you wish . this opens a page where you can tap a due date + time . click ok after making the necessary changes . click the blue + sign on the right to add the task to your list . now tap the task to edit it - scroll down if you need to and select details and then remind when due and overdue choose the options as you see fit and ensure that the ring/vibrate type is set to until i dismiss alarm . click add an alarm and choose when you want to be reminded . to avoid this rigmarole in the future , you can choose to set by default that reminders should ring constantly until you dismiss them . click settings > new task defaults > default ring/vibrate and then select until i dismiss alarm also see reminder settings where you can choose a ringtone of choice .
over time new versions of android-x86 appear , and the problem is solved now by the next available release - build 20130725 with android 4.3 .
as an android user for about 2 years ( and an iphone user for 2 years before that ) , i feel that android is very stable . but you have to remember , that with the ability to load widgets , and background applications - you can certainly bog down your phone and decrease its performance . in apple 's walled garden this is not a problem , but you also do not have the freedom and choice . as a modern computer user , i want the choice to slow down my phone if i want : )
i use the charging dock for both z ultra and z1 .
your mileage with cyanogen mod ( cm ) depends on the phone you are running . if you have an htc phone , you will not have any htc sense running or installed at all . so htc widgets will not work . this is a hurdle for many htc phone users that enjoy some of those widgets . personally i have been able to find adequate replacements to them . so that was not a barrier for me . if you are not using an htc phone there probably will not be a lot of cons . again though you might not be able to use any stock widgets that came on your phone . but you might have a different dialer and contact app then what you are used to . do you connect to an email system at work , such as an exchange mail system ? i do and that was one of the reasons for me not using cm . not that it did not work , but there was some functionality i was missing , a few settings and i did not like the way the contact app managed the exchange contacts . whatever htc uses for their builds worked better imo so i use an htc based rom . as saboogu states , hardware will make a difference too , but cm team is good about refining their rom and working out kinks so that it functions well even on older phones . if you are already rooted make a nand backup first . follow this guide i wrote keeping in mind it was written for an evo , but most info still applies to other phones . once you have a backup then wipe and flash and go from there . see if you like it and the feature set . this way if you hate it you can easily restore your backup .
if you have a fastboot-enabled bootloader then it should be pretty simple . just put the system . img file somewhere on your pc , connect your device via a usb cable , reboot into your bootloader 's fastboot mode and then : fastboot flash system /path/to/system.img  if you do not have fastboot then you will have to jump through some more hoops . one option would be to use something like unyaffs to extract the contents of the system . img ( if it is an ext2/3/4 filesystem then just mount it ) and then package it up as a zip file that can be installed from a custom recovery . there are some tutorials floating around that explain the syntax of the installer script file , but the easiest way to figure it out would probably be to download a custom rom for your device , unzip it , and look at the updater-script file ( should be META-INF/com/google/android/updater-script in the archive ) . you may also be able to get away with simply using dd on the device , though i would be careful if you decide to try it , and make sure you are booted into recovery : adb push system.img /sdcard/ adb shell dd if=/sdcard/system.img of=/your/system/partition  alternatively , you can often build the source so that it creates a zip file instead of raw images , then install the zip from recovery . i would suggest checking to see see if you have something like make otapackage available to you .
this new feature is called next word prediction . you can easily disable it to restore the ics behavior but it is a bit hidden : go to settings > language and input tap on the setting icon beside android keyboard under the keyboard and input methods section at the bottom you will find advanced settings , tap it there you will find next word prediction , uncheck it : after that , typing i followed by space will bring up the punctuation again instead of predicted words .
have a look in the ouya store for an app called autopilot , that allows you to specify an app that will run on boot .
there is no os-wide " trash " or " recycle bin " like other shells have . however , the android design guidelines recommend app authors to put something like that in each app as appropriate , to allow undoing deletes . thus , in one app , a delete button might delete the content immediately , while another might mark the content as deleted but wait for some time before deleting any files in the filesystem . there are even more possibilities with apps that sync to a server : they might need to keep ' deleted ' content around for the next sync , or it might be on a server somewhere , never deleted . in addition , not every item of user data you might delete is a file . some apps might store things in a database , so after you delete an item , part or all of it might still be present in the app 's database . of course , like any filesystem , once a file is deleted , most of its content remains on the storage . someone with physical access to the storage , or a rogue root app , can almost certainly still read it for quite some time after it is deleted . it is pretty easy to recover files in this way , especially if your phone acts as a usb mass storage device when plugged into a computer .
on your phone go to people . ( or phonebook ) choose your contact card . press menu button/edit . press on your photo/facebook . and it will be updated .
you lost all your contacts as it was tied to the old one , registered a new one , then when ics sync'd , nothing there . . . as it was on a newly registered account . question is what happened to attribute you to getting your previous google account closed ?
the freexperia team have added fm radio in their latest cm nightlies , and it seems to work .
an android device in " mass storage " mode behaves just like a usb flash drive : it presents itself as an block device that can be mounted ( i.e. " used" ) by the host pc . just like an usb stick does . additionally " usb debug mode " can be enabled , which creates a new usb endpoint for the android debug bridge ( adb ) . this allows an user to get in-deep access to the connected android device and furthermore it allows the debugging of apps . this is the reason why you should never attach an android device with debug mode enabled to an untrustworthy pc . as usb is able to provide more then one endpoint per usb device , this " services " , mass storage and adb , can be used simultaneously .
normally you just tilt the device . on my samsung galaxy s , you should also have rotation enabled ( pull down the notification bar , it is the far right icon ) .
if you choose 3g only , you have no connectivity if you are in an area where no 3g is available . with 2g+3g , the phone will fallback to 2g if it can not get a 3g connection .
handbrake is a good program to rip and convert dvd video ( it may not work on certain copy protected dvds but that is a topic for another se ) . the stock video player plays h . 264 . mp4 videos well ( here are the supported formats ) . you can actually just use the iphone/ipod preset in handbreak , just change the width of the video to the height dimension of your phone ( so you can watch it in landscape , on the droid it is 854 px ) . it will output a . m4v format which technically is not supported but it will play because it is not drm'd by itunes . if you prefer another format like . avi , then you will need another player like rockplayer which supports many more video formats : avi mkv rmvb mp4 mov wmv asf wma wav mpg ts mpa dvd au mp3 mid ivf aiff ogm ogg cda flic d2v aac roq flac drc dsm swf pls pmp
from what i read a few days ago , tablet cannot run android market ( and therefore will not be distributed with it ) until 2.3 is released in the early part of next year . i have heard of a few tablets being released using the manufacturers own market-type application but nothing using the official android market . i think we will have to wait until 2.3 is released before we hear about tablet support = ( gary
the pda:na1 firmware is kitkat 4.4.2
a good application to do that is the samba filesharing . it shares your sdcard , making it easy to transfer files from/to your phone . settings after installing the application from google play , open it and fill a password by touching the password menu . the default username is sdcard and the default workgroup is workgroup . you can leave it that way or change it in a way that suits you . i would recommend enabling and selecting your wifi in the wifi white list . that way it only enables samba sharing when connected to your preferred network . that done , you only have to go to your network shares and look for a device called android . login name : sdcard pw : ( the one you defined earlier ) open the shared folder and it will ask again for credentials , and you are done . here you have a video that completes this information .
how are you " evoking " this functionality ? video conferences do no appear from the ether . try a video conferencing app , perhaps -- like qik , fring , or yahoo ! messenger .
long pressing on the home button will bring up the six most recently accessed apps and you can switch them . how many stay in the memory depends on your phone and the size off the app . android keeps all opened apps in the memory until it needs space . there are countless apps that show what apps are running in your memory . search the market for " app manager " or " task manager " . one i particularly like is smart bar .
my personal solution would be to use widgetlocker and put a widget on the lockscreen , such as the built-in ics calendar widget . but that is just me : )
i also have the proble second problem , and i found the skype staff said :skype doesnt currently support routing the audio to a bluetooth device . http://forum.skype.com/index.php?showtopic=726263st=0gopid=3271265 maybe this is the reason . . .
there are multiple things which can be done : device encryption ( to assure all your data is stored encrypted ) install anti-theft software ( to track and , if necessary , remote-wipe a lost device ) activate google 's device manager on your device ( and make sure it works , as it not always does ) to photograph the " perpetrator " , you might want to take a look at ☆ gotya ! face trap ! , which fires at failed logins ( but requires a front-facing camera to do so ) : one of the most well known anti-theft solutions is e.g. included with lookout security and antivirus , but the playstore offers a lot of alternatives to this . for keeping a copy of your important data off-device , you might use some cloud synchronization service ( or a similar thing to sync with your own machine ( s ) at home ) . when storing data in the cloud , you might prefer using encryption ; wuala is one possible solution which encrypts your data before it is transfered into the cloud .
unless your phone have two sim card slots , support as you require is not possible . the market has adapters which goes into the existing sim card slot of phone and will help you to switch between sims after shutdown . the only advantage of using this instead of swapping sims by conventional way is to keep both sims together with phone and reduce wear and tear on the sim slot . samsung and other manufactures have dual sim phones which have two sim slots and the phone can be configured accordingly for usage . having said that , watch out for terminologies like dual active , dual standby . unfortunately confusion prevails even in manufacturer 's web sites . so , to be sure try the behaviour before you buy . you can read about these in the wikipedia .
if my understanding of your question is correct , your current system-cropped wallpaper is located at /data/system/users/0 under a filename of wallpaper .
i found a nice solution with hacker 's keyboard it is free available in the google store and you can choose between many keyboard languages . the nicest thing for me is that , even if i choose the croatian language , i can still easily write german umlauts , which i need as i live in switzerland .
gtasks allows you to work with you task list offline on your phone and then sync when you have internet as do most task managers that sync with google tasks . i have never tried any of the others but i can say from experience that gtasks works well .
it can if you turn the function on in the settings . in the settings menu there is an option for " gps " , that when checked turns on geotagging : via gsm arena and careace
the gpsfix app is known for this kind of spam ( see its comments on the playstore ) , even antivirus/antimalware apps classify it as adware ( taken from those comments , again ) . hence , my recommendation is : optionally post a comment on the playstore to warn other users uninstall that app delete that icon ( do not " start " it , as you cannot know where it takes you -- it might introduce more problems ) these kind of trouble-makers are no unknowns . please see the questions tagged malware to find similar reports . the playstore has enough replacement apps not offering those " unwanted side-effects " ( take e.g. a look at gps status and toolbox ) . so no need to shed any crocodile tears over that one app : )
load the kernel . zip file into the pda field of odin , and ( if you have it , should have come with odin ) load the 512 . pit file into the pit field of odin . then flash it just like you did for the froyo rom . a stock rom is just a rom that is not modified by anyone , it came straight from samsung . if you are not using a lagfix already , you probably do not need a stock rom however . you should be able to find one easily enough in the xda subforum for your device , if you want it ; use js5 , since that is what the kernel is based on . your paid apps are recorded in your google account . you will never lose your purchase rights to them ( barring any service suspensions and that sort of thing ) . you can , however , use something like titanium backup to back them up ( requires root ) . you can back up the entire device using clockworkmod / nandroid ; look for rom manager in the market ( requires root ) . one question : why are you using that over straight voodoo ? voodoo 's perfect , and i believe supercurio has taken stock kernels and added only voodoo so you do not get any other random stuff .
ok , i managed to fix my phone . the first thing that differed about my phone from the video tutorials i watched was that when you are preparing to flash the phone , you are supposed to hold vol+ and vol- then connect the usb cable . in the video tutorials the lg logo came on at that point , but on mine it did not . i figured out that if i plugged in the cable first , then held vol+ and vol- the lg logo would come on . this was wrong . the p999 does not display the lg logo when ready to flash . hold vol+ and vol- and then connect the usb cable , wait a few seconds and then let go . your phone should be ready to flash now . if it is not , try again . secondly , this is the software you want to use to flash if you have bricked it : t-mobile g2x one-click recovery flasher . the version i found on some other websites was outdated and would not fix the problem i had mounting the sd card ( which is actually internal memory on the g2x ) . with this version i was able to boot into recovery mode , mount the sd card manually , and then flash the rom . i was able able to properly enable usb mass storage from recovery mode , which would allow you to copy a new rom to the sd card if you have somehow lost your data . the final issue i ran into was no google apps , and no ability to sync my phone to google . you can grab the google apps and flash them through recovery mode here .
handcent sms is the most oft-recommended sms replacement app on this site , so it is probably good to try . if you have no issues with it , then i would assume it is just a buggy sms app that you have and not a deeper problem . if you do not mind losing all your messages you could try going to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications , finding the sms app ( "messaging " or similar ) , and clearing the data for it . there may also be something like " messaging storage " that you need to clear . i do not know of any app that will improve performance of the existing app , and replacing a messaging app can be tricky . i would recommend a custom rom that has had some of these bugs worked out . this xda topic has a good overview of roms for your device .
the general opinion everywhere is that the web marketplace is much better with search results than the marketplace app ( it is really puzzling as to why is such the case ) . and no , the problem is not india specific , it is faced everywhere . the same opinion holds for other stores as well , including apple 's appstore . the good news is , there are a few companies trying to make it better , namely chomp and tapjoy : chomp has been pretty successful and has been solving a truly-existing problem , which is evident since verizon now includes chomp in its tethered phones . for more info , see xconomy . com news article discussing the search issues in the mobile market places and apps like chomp and tapjoy .
the official google+ app requires android 2.1 or newer , and as the market share for 1.6 and older is now vanishingly small , and getting smaller by the day ( at time of writing the combined market share of 1.5 + 1.6 is 3.6% ) it is unlikely to be modified to work on older oss . similarly unless there is a dev who is also stuck on 1.6 himself and desperate to use google+ , a market share like that is barely worth most devs efforts to create a 3rd party app if there is features in newer platform versions that would make things easier for them . your best bet is to use the web interface at http://google.com/+ as the google+ for mobile page specifically states that that is compatible with android 1.5 and up .
navigation has always been a part of the google maps application . the icon was essentially a convenience shortcut , but not a separate app , and was removed around july 2013 in the maps 7.0 update . it is possible you still had the old version of maps on your other rom . either that , or the rom author added some kind of shortcut " app " to re-create the old navigation icon or something of that nature . if you want to use your phone to navigate somewhere , open google maps and type the address in the search bar , then hit the button in the bottom right ( the exact text/icon may vary depending on distance ) . if you really want the separate navigation icon , you could possibly downgrade to a version of maps earlier than 7.0 . a custom launcher could also let you create a shortcut directly to the navigation activity on your desktop , but probably not in the app drawer . apex launcher , for example , can create a shortcut on your home screen by long pressing on an empty space on one of your home screens , then selecting Shortcuts -&gt; Activities -&gt; Maps -&gt; Navigation .
it turns out my probably was solved by something as simple as clearing my cache . which makes me feel pretty stupid , because i should have done that before even bothering to ask . i never suspected this could happen straight out of the box , guess i was wrong .
it is going to depend on the device . each carrier/manufacturer likes to add their own apps and widgets . some even pre-load multimedia files for you . so , this question really can not be answered . ( most definitive answer would be to just get the file sizes of the stock android roms . )
i doubt it , since it is proprietary ; android by default only supports these codecs . it is not required for the speakers to work though , as far as i can tell .
the official issue database for bugs/features/etc . of the android os can be found here . copied from bryan denny 's answer to another question .
if you do not want to/can not install the market on your tablet , you can download the . apk file for an app either directly from a website on your tablet or download it on your pc and then transfer it to your tablet . after that you can use any file manager to navigate to the apk and then click on it to install it ( you have to have third party app installation turned on ) . i usually get my apks at android community for devs
the icon refers to that contact 's " availability": green : available . you are online and ready to chat . yellow : idle . your status automatically changes to idle when you are away from your computer for 15 minutes . you can not manually select to appear idle red : busy . this lets your contacts know you are busy and do not want to be interrupted grey : signed out of chat , or invisible . if you set your status to invisible , you will appear to be signed out of chat even when you are actually signed in . source : google chat support answer
you can use the ping utility from terminal emulator or adb shell . also : https://market.android.com/search?q=pingso=1c=apps
sipdroid that i what started with but after researching on it and from developers reviews i found that application has some missing functionality like multiple call and transferring calls etc . . . i do not know but may who is expert in sip stack or have time to do can implement missing functionality but i am neither one of them so my desire to get an application that have all this functionality and by modifying it i can integrate into my application and csipsimple is the answer . however its not easy job to build csipsimple into windows environment but there is hack how to do it . so carefully read its wiki about building project into window environment . according to wiki you can build native library or you can go ahead without building the native library . i suggest for windows user to go with without building the native library . if you have read wiki then in " without building the native library " section last line is like " to get the . so files , download latest nightly build from nightly build website and unpack the apk file ( apk files are just zip files ) . then get lib/arch/ . so files and copy it into csipsimple libs/arch/ . so " i have to clarify one important thing about that : first get . apk file of csipsimple . the version of . apk file must same to download version of your csipsimple source code . . here , you can see the source code version . download the same version . apk and do further as described in wiki .
android 2.2 is now available for your device , which includes voice search : http://archosfans.com/2010/11/30/froyo-firmware-2-0-54-for-gen8-released-2/
the required part of a kernel . zip file looks like this : META-INF com google android update-binary updater-script  you will also want to have the kernel zImage file somewhere else , easiest if you just have it in the root of the archive . updater-script contains the following at minimum ( assumes zImage in the root ) : assert(package_extract_file("zImage", "/tmp/zImage"); write_raw_image("/tmp/zImage", "/dev/block/mmcblk0p8"); delete("/tmp/zImage") );  you can also do things like show a progress bar , print messages , wipe /cache , and so on . you will want to grab update-binary from another kernel package for the sgs2 . one at random is attached to this xda post . i tested this method on my sgs vibrant without issue , using a kernel from an odin package and an update-binary from another vibrant kernel . zip . note that this is perfectly safe as long as you are writing to the correct partition -- for the vibrant it was bml17 , for the sgs2 it appears to be mmcblk0p5 ( based on the kernel from xda i linked above ) or mmcblk0p8 if you are flashing an entire boot image ( see comments below ) . you will want to verify it for sure . worst case your kernel does not work and you flash a known good one .
try tapping on the name of the folder when the folder is open ( in this case " folder" ) . you may have to do a long-press .
afaik , mostly port 1-1024 on android phone are reserved for system , so the application other than system must use port > 1024 . i never use telnet , but i used ssh frequently to remote my phone , i use ssh server on phone using http://teslacoilsw.com/quicksshd maybe you can use ssh as an alternative to telnet .
htc 's sense ui gives you this functionality out of the box . in the phone app if you start typing the phone number , it will filter your contacts that include either that number , or the contact 's name via t9 representation . if you are not running sense iu , i suggest trying 3rd-party apps that imitate the htc dialer functionality . try dialer one or acontacts , for example .
try deleting it from your google contacts . if it is not in your google contacts , it probably came from another source , like facebook or twitter . you should also be able to hide contacts that do not have a phone number , so as a last ditch effort , that may be good enough for you .
do you have any control over the ( presumably wireless ) lan that you are connecting your phone to ? it seems to me that the main part of your problem is just that your phone picks up different ip addresses each time it connects to your lan . if it always had the same ip , then you could either make a note of this , save it in your ssh client , or assign a name to that ip on your other machine ( s ) using a hosts file or similar . are you in control of your network , or do you know the person that is ? you ( or they ) should be able to assign a static ip address , or a reserved ip address , to your device so that every time you connect your phone to the lan it always picks up the same ip address . if it is a small , personal network then this would just be a setting on your device 's record on your router , if this is a larger network then it would be setup on the dhcp server and a matching a name record could also be setup on their internal dns to give you a permanent name .
setting frequency to high end may cause problems like . 1 . heating up phone . 2 . burn battery . 3 . even you may damage your phone completely . over-clocking frequency will speed up your phone 's performance .
android is a linux too , so a simple example : am start -a android.intent.action.MAIN -n com.android.settings/.TetherSettings &amp; 
have a look at qemu . apparently it is known to run on arm . running xp ( if it even works ) is probably not going to be a pleasant experience due to what is noted by chris herbert and the probable lack of a screen/pointer driver . if you really want to do it maybe wait for the intel atom ( x86 ) based tablets . there should be some atom based windows 8 tablets about now . the androids are coming soon .
try updating your jawbone 's firmware and see if that fixes it . you can also try installing jawbone companion and see if that helps . it does not have the og droid listed as being compatible when i click on install on the google play site , it has my og droid as one of the options so it is worth a shot .
