as far as i know , a fully updated n1 will not have any exploitable vulnerabilities to allow you to root the device . most of the older " one click " and similar methods used things like gingerbreak , which were holes in android that eventually got patched . i have not seen a root exploit on vanilla android since gingerbreak . xda 's wiki has a couple of different options regarding the n1 which work but require unlocking the bootloader , and unlocking will perform a factory reset automatically . they can be found here and basically amount to : unlock the bootloader from fastboot mode with fastboot oem unlock flash a custom recovery ( usually clockworkmod ) flash a zip file from recovery that will install su and superuser for you reboot
i found an app bookmark home which adds add bookmark to the share list . if you send a bookmark to it , it will be stored in the apps own storage , but there is an export option to save all of them in the browser bookmarks .
the amazon kindle store and the google android market are different stores . apps you buy in one store are not honored in the other store . you can install the amazon store on your nexus one pretty easily , so you will be able to use apps you buy on your fire on your nexus one . but going the other way is more trouble ( it currently requires you have rooted your kindle fire ) . see how can i get the android market installed on my kindle fire ?
try this link first - lg l1 support page and checkout the manuals provided . if you do not find what you need then try Live Chat provided below in the same page to ask them directly about this problem . if no chat agents available at that time try emailing them .
please make sure that your build.prop in the /system folder is configured correctly and has the variable ro.product.device set , often time in custom roms the build . prop is not configured completely and some of these variables are necessary for certain functionality checks . you can open it up in a text editor and look for it and make sure it is set and there are no bad characters in there that might affect it being parsed properly . also check these variables and make sure they are set as well , it is good to have them : ro . product . model=xxx ro . product . brand=xxx ro . product . name=xxx ro . product . device=xxx ro . product . board=xxx ro . product . manufacturer=xxx
there is an app called screen resolution that will tell you the , ummm , screen resolution : ) what device do you have , i have seen some specs for devices coming with a 12.1 mp camera , mostly by sony ericsson , but i do not think they are out yet , so it is possible that the manufacture is not lying .
yes . when playing a song you open/slide the tab ( sliding drawer ) at the bottom center , which displays the album cover and play/previous/next buttons . if you click the info ( i ) button for displaying artist/album information there is an option for shuffling . this option is also available on the options menu , after pressing the [ menu ] button , while this sliding drawer is open .
honeycomb was a tablet-only version of the os it was only ever released for a few devices the source code was never released not released until the source for ice cream sandwich was available , and even then the android devs noted that 3 . x source was not complete it never had much in the way of market share see also : what percentage of users use each of the android versions ? is android 3.0 honeycomb only for tablets ?
you will need to submit a request to police station to track your android device through its imei number . as soon as the mobile is switched on and it gets signal from telecom company , its location will be detected . or alternatively , if you had any tracking app , installed on your device , then you may contact app developer for help to track your device .
in the google talk app when i go into Overflow menu | settings | {username}@gmail.com i see a setting for " notification ringtone " under " chat notifications " . that is what you want , no ? ( i am still on ice cream sandwich so it is conceivable that things are a little different . )
if you enabled " my location " in Settings &gt; Location &amp; Security &gt; Use wireless networks then your cell/wifi and/or gps data will be sent to google to triangulate your location if there is an application in the phone that requested for location . your gps data may also be sent to google if you are using google latitude , google navigation , location-aware search , or use other location-based services . third party applications may also track your location , read their privacy policy before installing those applications if you are concerned . edit : according to android central android does the same sort of thing , boys and girls . and it is supposed to . but it does it right . instead of saving days and weeks and months of location data , it saves the 50 most recent cellular gps locations , and 200 most recent wifi fixes . and it is stored in a little file on your phone . . . . you can shut off android 's location services and stop further caching of location data . it is in settings> location and security .
i have a nexus s for t-mobile , and i have enjoyed it so far . there is only been one update for the nexus s so far , to 2.3.3 . i did not get it the first day , so i installed it myself . unless sprint turns it off , you should be able to tether . i can both over wifi and usb . i have never needed to root , and i am a rather advanced android user . you can unlock the bootloader without doing anything fancy on the nexus s . i truly enjoy having a clean phone . there are a few apps installed by google that i can not remove ( with root you can ) , but they do not bug me much . it does not have the load of crapware that most carriers apply , and it definitely does not have the various awful custom uis manufacturers feel they need to add . it runs fast for everything i do , including some light gaming ; i generally wait till i am at my pc to game , but it plays angry birds and robot unicorn attack just fine .
no . motorola really did a shitty job of patching the ics rom for the xoom2 me . the ir blaster did not work for a couple months , and this speaker bug is indeed software . there is an app by wyrm on the play store that fix some of the speakers issues : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=wms.xoom2mespeakersfix https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=wms.xoom2mespeakersfixfree it needs root . if your problem is fixed by the app , send some dough the dev 's way by buying the donationware paid version . also thanks to the team behind the http://xoom2me.blogspot.com.br/ blog for the savior post .
you can use android debug bridge ( adb ) shell to issue basic linux commands on your phone , just like you would in a terminal emulator app . to install you will need to do the following : on the phone go to Settings -&gt; About phone , and tap on " build number " seven times . this enabled developer tools . go back to the main settings screen and you should now see Developer options under the " system " section . go to Developer options , enable " android debugging " option , and then tap OK on the verification prompt . on your pc download the android sdk tools from here . you can either download the whole sdk , or just the stuff necessary to connect to your phone , which is on the same page , under " download for other platforms -> sdk tools only " section . install the tools you just downloaded . download and install the usb drivers for your phone ( usually provided by the manufacturer . ) re-connect your phone to the pc with a usb cable . open command prompt ( assuming windows , ) navigate to where you installed the sdk tools ( e . g . " c:\android-sdk\platform-tools\" ) and type in the following : adb devices if all of the above was done successfully , a prompt should pop up asking you to allow connections from this computer . accept the pairing request , and the prompt should show your phone 's id . if this does not happen - it usually means that the drivers are not installed correctly . back at command prompt , type in adb shell and press enter , and you should be connected to the phone 's terminal . this should get you started . adb commands are listed on google 's site here . the shell provides some basic linux commands like ls , cp , etc . be aware that most file and device management commands will require root ( i.e. . elevated privileges , ) which is a separate topic .
must be by design . flashing the led infinitely would drain the battery ( even if only slightly ) . i do not see anything in settings regarding lengthening the amount of time the led will flash ; you can only specify what things cause led notification . after some searching it looks like the " missed reminder " app allows for a lot of notification customization - led interval , color , etc . not sure how to link an app so just search for it in the market . sounds promising . hope it helps .
from the fring for android user manual , do this after starting a video chat : to switch camera , press the switch button on the left side . if it does not work on the nexus s , it is probably because they have not had time to fix it since yesterday . you can report a bug on their forum .
if you are using google talk and have a gmail account , your chats are automatically logged in gmail . if you search for label:chat , you should be able to find that conversation and copy the text from your gmail application . btw , i think that the fact that you can not copy the text from the chat app really needs to be fixed .
if it is a miui theme it will be compatible , but i highly recommend you to use the themes app that comes built-in your miui rom .
there is an option in security settings : power button instantly locks screen : https://www.dropbox.com/s/z80ckhnd5nmyrmj/screenshot_2012-05-21-21-04-15.png
i am in the same boat man . . all my research has led me to needing to jtag . i ordered the download jig , new battery and charger . tried on several systems including xp to no avail . i will be sending it into mobiletechrepairs on account of i am sending in an old phone to cover the cost so i might be out of pocket for shipping . wish i was able to find someone local but most phone repair shops do not know what jtag is ! i will let you know the turn around time and what condition my phone gets returned in . good luck .
try using atrackdog , pretty sure that'll be what you are looking for !
samsung replaced the screen ( it was under warranty )
android updates are given three basic classifications : major , minor , security . ( i am looking for a source for this , but i have been unable to find it thus far . ) security upgrades , at least , are supposed to be part of the core code and have the least disruption to customizations the carrier and/or manufacturer have made . however , it is still up to the carrier and/or manufacturer to take the update and incorporate it into their particular flavor of the os . some are better at it than others .
it seems that old installation of locale was making problems ; since after uninstalling it problems disappeared . i still do not understand how is it possible for app to influence android systems so badly , since every app should run in it is own sandbox , but at least problem is solved .
all computers have a special piece of hardware called the clock ( more fully , the real-time clock or rtc ) . the clock is connected to the cpu , but it runs even when the computer is completely powered down . on a desktop computer , a battery on the motherboard keeps the clock running even when it is unplugged from the mains . mobile devices tend to have a large capacitor ( which is a bit like a rechargeable battery ) , so even if you pull the main battery out , the clock can continue to keep time for some hours . at regular intervals , the clock sends a signal to the cpu called an interrupt . it tells the cpu to interrupt whatever it is doing to process this signal . this is the same mechanism used by other parts of the computer ( such as the touch screen ) to send input to the cpu . the rate of the signals can be controlled by the kernel : it might be as slow as once per second , or as fast as a thousand times per second . this sounds like a lot of signals , but do not forget that today 's computers take a fraction of a nanosecond to do a single operation , so even a 1 khz clock only interrupts every few million operations . do not confuse the real-time clock with the cpu clock and the cpu 's clock rate , which are typically a few ghz . the cpu clock is not a timekeeping device : it sets the number of operations per second the cpu can perform , and is a big factor in how much power the cpu draws . on most cpus , the kernel can decrease the cpu clock rate , turn off some cpu cores , and maybe even power down some caches , all to reduce power consumption . this is what happens when your android device goes to sleep , but the exact changes are different from one phone to another . the cpu is still running , just more slowly , and drawing less power . as izzy points out , if the phone uses arm 's big . little system , it might even be a completely different cpu core that runs in sleep mode : a slower one tuned for low power consumption . consider , then , that the rtc is still running in sleep mode , and the cpu is still receiving and processing clock interrupts . this is still necessary for the cpu to keep track of different processes and allocate time between them fairly . one of the processes is the system 's alarm manager . this has a sorted list of all the apps on the system that have registered an alarm . the alarm manager does not run continuously : rather , it tells the kernel when the first alarm is , and the interrupt handler for the clock interrupts is responsible for checking the time and waking up the alarm manager when appropriate . this way , the cpu only needs a few instructions per clock to compare the current time with the time of the next wake-up . in addition , the alarm manager has its own optimizations to keep the device asleep as much as possible . when several apps want to run at intervals ( e . g . to check email every 15 minutes ) , the alarm manager will not run them individually at the exact times they asked for , waking up the device several times over that 15 minute window . instead , it will run all of them at the same time , so the device only needs to wake up once . on top of that , many alarms will not run at all if the device is asleep . for example , if an app wants to run every hour to change your home screen background , there is no point in doing that while the device is asleep , because you can not see it . it will tell the alarm manager that it does not need to wake up the device to run , so the alarm manager will ignore that alarm when telling the kernel when it needs to run . that way , if the device is asleep when the time comes , the alarm will only happen when the device next wakes up .
without doing any research about it at all , this sounds like something that is right up winamp ' s alley . i know it supports streaming audio , but streaming video might be a different matter . edit : also , this guy suggests renaming . m3u8 files to . m3u as . m3u has wider support in apps . perhaps save the . m3u8 file you want from the web , rename the extension , and play it that way ?
they are the same thing , auto backup is basically just a new ( and more appropriate ) name . the only thing that changed is that now it uploads your pictures in original quality ( part of the reason why they bumped up everyone 's google drive limit to 15gb )
it definitely is a software configuration . there are 2 possible reasons for this problem : servers its contacting - when google maps on your tablet/phone contacts the gps satellites , its done through a special set of servers . sometimes , the manufacturer might have set the system to connect to a set of particularly busy servers . it has been shown that connecting to other servers with lower traffic can give dramatically faster lock on times . possible bug in the initial configuration - when the manufacturer was setting up the initial build configuration , an unintended bug could have been introduced . the solution to both can be done i believe through a simple fix in the gps . conf file but that would require root access . when i was running the stock firmware on my asus transformer , i was having the same problem . now i am running a custom rom and i have no troubles with lock on in google maps .
i ended up using the backup verification codes . the backup methods are the only way to get back into your account if you have damaged your phone .
you could have a detailled explanation of what is in the /proc directory in the linux man page
i figured it out . if you navigate to this page , and tick the receive text messages on this phone box all texts to google voice will be forwarded to your phone via sms . this generates a new number for each of your contacts that will travel between google voice before delivery , making it so you will always show as your google voice number to friends , even if you are outside of wifi . so just need to save the new number for each contact and be sure to text that instead of their actual number and it works perfect . more info here .
this is not possible at the moment ( but maybe in the near future ) . reason : google maps data is stored as raster image tiles without any meta information ( street vectors , streetnames , interceptions and so on ) besides the geolocation per tile . this means routes cannot even be calculated offline even if someone wants to . maps is deliberatly an online service , google wants you to be " connected " . you have to either buy one of the many pro routing apps ( from navigon , copilot or others ) or use one of the open street map apps that also provide offline routing ( i really like osmand+ or osmand free ) . see also open street maps wiki for more apps and info .
i realized last night that since i have 2 factor auth enabled for my account , i might have to generate a new application-specific password in my google account settings . i generated a new one and successfully synced with my new email using it .
believe it or not , the device is already rooted , and it is not documented anywhere . i do not think that starting it in recovery mode for an odd number of times activates/deactivates root , so i just believe the system carries su on its own . if my unit of measure of " rooting " is ad-freeness then i simply tried to run adfree from the device . no superuser warning appeared but adfree not even did not complain about absence of root , but updated the hosts file ! ! and the device was completely ad-free . i also tried to install es file manager , and found this magic file : /system/xbin/su
i try to not read this as " is there an app . . . " , as that would be off-topic according to our guidelines ( see what topics can i ask about here ? for details ) . so apart from looking for a different app to save some peanuts , you could live with the ads ( according to its description , the app is available for free with ads ; there is no note to the cloud feature being restricted to payment , neither does the related description on the product 's webpage , nor the faq on how can i synchronize my devices mention that ) . according to krampus ' comment below , the cloud functionality seems to be restricted to " premium users " indeed , though none of the material cited says so alternatively , there is the possibility to utilize a synchronized calendar ( like the google calendar ) for that : create an event , which then is synchronized across your devices . so the alert should trigger on all of them .
this was fixed in the 4.3 update that came out for my phone lately . all done .
you can not , this is a current permission problem ( bugreport here ) of android 4.0+ 's /sdcard folder if it is not using fat32 ( but fuse ) . reason : there is a transition away from fat32 to unified user storage for both apps and media data ( using ext4 ) on a single file system . we got tired of seeing oems include many gb of internal storage for music , while users were still running out of space for apps and data . this approach lets us merge everything on one volume , which is way better . -- dan morrill , android engineer at google the old fat32 properties are emulated using a fuse layer to be compatible with existing apps . also : /data/ and /sdcard on google devices starting with the nexus 7 use a single partition only ( /data/media represents the " sdcard " content and is exposed using the fuse layer to apps ) . here 's cyanogenmod 's implementation of the fuse driver if you are interested in seeing the source . looks like setting timestamp attributes is implemented , though . edit : it only works with root . exact reason : all files are owned by root . sdcard_rw ( see here ) . a caller withouth uid=0 can not call the utimensat ( ) syscall , it fails in the vfs layer already ( eperm ) for timestamps other than current : the caller 's effective user id must match the owner of the file ; or the caller must have appropriate privileges . to make any change other than setting both timestamps to the current time ( i.e. . , times is not null , and both tv_nsec fields are not utime_now and both tv_nsec fields are not utime_omit ) , either condition 2 or 3 above must apply .
when you plug your phone into a pc , or other device that communicates with the phone , the phone uses a usb " data mode " , so to speak . in this mode , there is a 500ma maximum draw from the usb port . when you plug your phone into a regular ac wall charger , there is no data connection . the phone then uses whatever amperage is supported by both the phone and charger ( typically between 500ma and 2.1amps ) there are usb charging cables that have the data pins re-wired to disable a data connection . this makes the phone think it is plugged into a regular ac charger , and allow more than 500ma to flow . that does not mean the usb port has more than 500ma to begin with . typically , usb ports on pcs have 500ma , or usb 3.0 ports may have 900ma . theoretically this is safe because it is just disabling a data connection . it is not using more power than it should . phone 's are designed not to accept more amps than it can handle . there are also apps that allow for fast charging by forcing the phone into using the ac charging mode instead of data . however you still need a compatible kernel or it will not work . ( for standard users , changing the kernel is a complicated and risky procedure . ) please note that there are reported cases of people 's phones not supporting regular data modes after attempting to activate fast charge via an app ( notably the nexus 4 ) .
you could make use of the condition state&rarr ; bluetooth connected : the device is connected to another device via bluetooth . if either of name or address are specified , they must match a connected device . connections to non-paired devices ( e . g . while pairing is taking place ) are ignored . warning : tasker can not directly detect when a bt device is connected , only when a connection or disconnection is made . as for the task , take a look at music play : play a sound file from the sd card . file is the path to the file on the sd card e.g. music/wow . mp3 alternatively : notify sound : show a notification on the top bar and play a sound . the specified title will appear on the bar initially . notifications with a particular ( non-empty ) title replace existing ones with that title . when the notification area is pulled down , the specified text will be visible . or notify vibrate , play ringtone , say ( synthesize the given text into speech ) . . . trying a raw thing ( i did not test this ) : condition : state→bluetooth connected ( specify the parameters ) task : say " you are connected now . " for more information , you might want to take a look at the user manual . also check the tasker homepage itself for more guides , faq , how-tos , etc . moreover , the wiki contains a lot of ready profiles , step-throughs , and more .
answer from vi . su . in comments ( to make it clear for other users ) found out solution to this problem . in fact , this is not a problem at all . nfc device in the nexus phones is the source for this sound . when placed near a rfid / smartcard , it actually tries to read it aloud . galaxy nexus nfc weirdness
of course i would figure this out just after asking the question : you can view the application details in landscape mode by first selecting the application in the left-side panel , then clicking the larger application icon or title in the right-side pane .
the adb can connect to an android device only if " usb debugging " is enabled in settings-> applications-> development . if this setting is disabled and a password lock is set for unlocking the device , there should be no worries . also there are many apps such ' lookout ' which provide the ability to remotely wipe data from a phone if it gets stolen .
you may want to try this simple app .
that is going to depend on how much you are using it during the day , i would say start at 700 and move it around until it feels smooth for you . i would not push the phone that high , first it is going to overheat pretty quickly , which can permanently brick your phone . even 800 is going to be rough on it so i would not leave it up that high for very long . i have got an eris ( did a little looking around , and the droid cpu is set at 550mhz whereas the eris is set at 528mhz as reference points ) so this is going to be a little different than what you have got , but here 's my profiles so you can tweak as needed . temp > 36.9 c 528mhz/160mhz priority : 100 ( this is the failsafe setting , if the phone get 's too hot it'll cut the cpu speed so the phone can cool down and prevent any damage ) charging/full 729mhz/528mhz priority : 80 ( if the phone is plugged in , it can run a little harder , but i also do not use my phone much when it is plugged in ) battery &lt ; 100% 710mhz/528mhz priority : 50 ( this is the normal use setting , which keeps the phone moving smoothly , but does not get too hot ) the most important thing is that you have scaling set to ondemand . this will turn the processor down if it is not being used . hence , on the last setting , it is very rarely at 710mhz and is most often below 550mhz . second to remember is not to set the minimum too low , or the phone will have trouble waking up from sleep . you will need to do a little digging around to find out what the ideal min is for the droid , but i would suspect above 160 mhz would be safe for you . those should cover most bases , at bare minimum add the failsafe profile so that you do not lose your phone .
quite easy : find / starts exploring at the file system root ( i.e. . the very top ) . so it comes to places you have no access to as normal user , and runs into permission issues . it sees a directory called /proc/19619 and , knowing this is a directory , wants to traverse into it . but it is not permitted to ( most likely the permission of that directory is something like drwxr--r-- , so everybody can see ( "r"ead ) it – but only its owner can change into ( execute ) ) . so your find sees it , but can not dive into it . as you have been running this command as root , permission problems should not be the issue . but taking a look at the directory in question pops up a different answer : /proc is storing process information . below this top-level dir , directories are created using the pid of running processes . so /proc/19619 stores information on process 19619 . most likely your find was seeing that directory , and at the same moment that process ended ; so when find finally wanted to dive into , it was gone : No such file or directory ( not anymore ) .
i confirm it will attempt to connect all the time and drain battery in half a day in my case . to solve it you should untick the data in the network settings and check that gprs/edge/hspda icon is not visible on top next to the signal strength bars . but at least apndroid ( or manually modify the apn name ) will prevent any connection and any extra charge during roaming session .
when google cloud messaging receives a message from google , it sends a broadcast to the related app . the app can receive this broadcast even if no service was running , and it can respond by starting a service , or by creating a notification from within the broadcast receiver itself . part of the android developers ' documentation explains the process step-by-step . there is a lot of detail there that you only need to know to write an app that uses google cloud messaging , but it might help satisfy your curiosity .
from here i tried http://androidforums.com/droid-x-support-troubleshooting/196653-help-market-place-gone.html to get the marked app back , without doing a hard reset . used astro file manager opened astro , clicked up navigate to /system/app locate vending . apk push on it to install it , clicked ok etc now back on home screen , follow what is suggested about a clean slate . . . settings -> applications -> manage applications chose all find market push on it and select clear data go back to main home screen , turn your phone off and back on
to see what the device thinks is your current location , you can simply open the pre-installed maps/navigation app ( if there is any ; usually google maps comes pre-installed ) . if there is none pre-installed , simply install one from the playstore . or check another gps tool like e.g. gps status and toolbox if you do not need a full-fledged " maps and navigation " app . as for the status icon : this will only show when gps is used ( and not only " available" ) , i.e. when some app is accessing gps to determine your current location . it has nothing to do with reception quality -- which , in case of gps , is rarely location-dependent , but rather depends on other conditions such as clouds , trees , high buildings ( all things which hinder the free view to the satellites ) .
as uri seems not to place it in an answer , i will do so -- to help other searchers see there is an answer ; ) as pointed out , there is a miui control panel , which should ship with most miui roms . if it is not included with yours , you will find it in an app called extended settings .
the eee pad transformer will use the battery of the dock to both power and charge the tablet so long as it is connected . you can see this when docked and on battery because the tablet shows its battery as " charging " . this gets the most use out of the tablet because when you undock it , it is most likely to have more charge than the dock . when docked and on the charger , i am fairly sure that both charge at the same time . however , i have not checked as my tf is docked most of the time . incidentally , if the dock 's battery goes flat , it gets its power from the tablet ( without trying to recharge its own battery ) .
you mean the antenna on in the internals of android handset , underneath the battery or nearby it ? if so - the short answer is no - am afraid ! the firmware and radio base-band is definitely off-limits , closed and proprietary .
no . this app just removes the file " batterystats . bin " in the " data/system " directory . it has nothing to do with your battery life and also not the status indicator of your system . it only keeps the infos in the " battery usage " screen . it will also be resetted every time you connect to a power source . further information and sources : xda-developers and dianne hackborn ( google employee )
you would have to look at the pros and cons . pros of cloud backup off site backup ( you will keep your data if your house burns down ) cons of cloud backup make take a while to upload all of your data to the server make take a while to download the data again pros of dedicated backup app quick ( no upload ) quick and easy access ( on your sd card , so you can easily access it without an internet connection ) cons of dedicated backup app if your sd card breaks , you lose all the backups if there is a fire , you lose your backups if you lose your phone with the sd card in it , you lose both the phone and your backup you also have to bear in mind that my backup pro ( which you mentioned ) , has the ability to back up to the cloud as well as file backups . you can also set scheduled backups . with this in mind , i would say that a dedicated backup app would actually be better and easier than using a standard cloud service .
i do not know about the htc one v specifically , but in my experience , the mic , stereo ouputs , and the single button answer/stop will work for both apple and ( most if not all ) android phones . but the volume up/down buttons will not work , even with an app such as headphone button controller ; it simply does not get detected . the problem arises when the marketing depts start using a word such as " compatible " , meaning a degree of compatibility , but not necessarily every function . so they feel ok saying an apple headphone is compatible , meaning just the audio works , or even the audio and the answer button . however , it is possible that the htc can somehow detect and use these extra two buttons , i suppose , but i would guess not .
no . it is not possible to get this information with the android sdk . you might get this information if you have access to the drivers and the kernel of your device .
the files are generated by samba when it encounters file name having invalid windows file name characters like : , \ , &lt ; , > , | or directories ending with dot . the reason the files appear on your android device is they were synced back from your pc . you can safely delete the files , but they will mostly likely reappear again , as long as files with invalid characters are created by android apps .
as user said my comment helped him and post it as answer . try to install the rocket dial and in settings try to make it default app for receiving calls . Settings&gt;caller ID also you can use free version of hd caller id which has option to overtake the default caller screen .
from the sony mobile site there does not seem to be a file manager included in sony 's rom . however , many excellent file managers are available on the play store . i personally use es file exploerer for many years now and it is excellent . astro file manager is also very popular . here 's a search for many , many more posibilities
you can not delete it , only hide it . go to the google play website . make sure you are logged in . click the gear icon in the upper right then click settings . your devices should be listed there . uncheck " shown in menus " on the device you do not want to see any more .
i tried to do uname -a on my cm10.1 ( samsung galaxy s2 ) on the built-in terminal app . it returns : linux localhost 3.0.31-cm-g17c7b6e #1 smp preempt tue feb 19 01:11:17 pst 2013 armv71 gnu/linux kernel version : 3.0.31-CM-g17c7b6e smp : Symmetric Multi-Processor support preempt : kernel preemption is enabled kernel date : Tue Feb 19 01:11:17 PST 2013 processor : armv71
it is actually pretty simple but not obvious at first . create a playlist ( e . g . ' offline' ) open google play music on your android device and select the playlist check ' keep on device ' for the playlist go to http://music.google.com and add tracks to this playlist you device will download the tracks , even if you add them with the web interface
for gsm devices , as far as i know , the proxy settings for your mobile data connection are defined in the access point name ( apn ) . go to Settings &gt; Wireless and Networks &gt; More &gt; Mobile Networks &gt; Access Point Names &gt; [Your data APN] ( your device 's menu may differ slightly ) . check the Proxy field - it is possible this got modified somehow . might also be worth snooping around your carrier 's website for the recommended apn settings and double-checking that everything is correct . once finished , press [Menu] &gt; Save and give it a test .
problem solved with hangouts version 2.1.223 . in " settings " we now have an option do " unhide " contacts . thanks google .
3d maps includes 3d models of some cities . london is not included , yet , but new york is , as are cardiff and birmingham on the uk . you do not need to do anything to view them other than select the map layer , zoom right in , and then swipe down with 2 fingers to angle the view . ( the 3d models appear if you are looking straight down , but it misses the point , somewhat . . . )
the radio frequency of a 2g radio operates in the range of 900 and 1800 mhz ( source ) - varying from country to country . the radio frequency of a 3g radio operates in the range of 2100 mhz ( source ) . as far as samsung galaxy nexus lte l700 ' s specification is concerned , the 2g frequency is CDMA 800 / 1900 , 3g frequency is CDMA2000 1xEV-DO and lte ( 4g ) frequency is LTE 1900 . as far as samsung galaxy nexus i9250 ' s specification is concerned , the 2g frequency is GSM 850/900/1800/1900 , 3g frequency is HSDPA 900/1700/1900/2100 and lte ( 4g ) frequency is LTE 2300/2400 . the above examples clearly means that the phones use different radio frequency for each type of network and hence when switching from one to another it goes into no network mode momentarily and hence the data connection stops .
go to the market and search for screen filter . it can get much dimmer than the brightness control by controlling the screen colors rather than just the backlight .
one way to trigger the hover on links is to long-press the link , wait for the menu to appear , and the press the back button to cancel the menu . this also works in some other browsers . note that this does not work on all links . just tried on the example you mentioned , does not work , probably because there is a slight delay between the onmouseover event and showing the menu . but on other pages , where it is a simple onmouseover trigger this method works .
short answer : you can not . explanation the tutorials are correct about that : it is impossible without root -- as the playstore app needs to be made a system app ( i.e. . must be installed in /system initially ) , or it will not work . the reason behind it is the permission system : certain permissions are only granted to system apps , and the playstore app needs at least one of them .
first , some disambiguation is in order . amon_ra is a developer who created one of the recovery consoles ( named after himself . ) just like clockworkmod ( which was created by a different developer named koushik dutta , a.k.a. koush ) amon_ra 's recovery performs various low-level tasks on android devices . odin is a windows application that can be used to flash firmware onto various samsung android handsets and tablets . heimdal is a cross-platform application ( available for windows , linux and os x ) that uses the same protocol as odin to interface with samsung devices in " download " mode . nandroid is a script which runs in android recovery mode and dumps the image of the devices ' partitions onto the external media such as sd card . it requires root and some other libraries to function properly . for restoring , the recoveries use a different script which utilizes the fastboot binary to flash the image files created by nandroid back onto their appropriate partitions . with the above said , neither odin or heimdal can be used to take backups of devices ; they are purely for flashing firmware onto them . clockworkmod or amon_ra recoveries do include the nandroid script . however , due to the differences in partition layout , they need to be modified specifically for a given device they are ported to . if you are knowledgeable enough , you can try to adopt the nandroid script for use with samsung galaxy i551 , and run it manually via adb shell while the phone is in recovery mode . again , you will need root privileges and other libraries compiled specifically for this device .
i had the same problem and think i found the place to correct it : 1 ) open the e-mail client program on the samsung 2 ) go to " menu | account settings " 3 ) disable sms-sync hope it works !
ifixit has a teardown that shows the wi-fi antenna is on the back . interestingly , when i took it off and looked i saw that it was nicely labeled too . also , the wi-fi reception seems much better after reattaching the cover . maybe my antenna was not connected very well . it appears a simple mod could be done to attach an external wi-fi antenna if i needed to do that . a mod may be in my future .
no one will run the same apps with the same settings in the same environment as you . any " objective " evaluation will be no more useful than reading the xda forums , for example ; you are going to end up with an indication of reliability and speed , nothing more . there is also a ton of roms for the sgs , many of which are only published certain places ( xda , modaco , rom-specific forums ) . you had be hard pressed to find a complete resource . even the " rom guide " threads on xda tend to fail to include many of the roms from xda . in sum , i would read the xda android development subforum for the i9000 and shortlist a few roms that sound good to you , then test them out and see what works best for you .
it seems that this is possible for both versions of the hd ( 7" , os version 7.4.3 and 8.9" , os version 8.4.3 ) . i found xda developer forums for 7" hd version 7.4.3 and 8.9" hd version 8.4.3 . for the purposes of making this post self-contained , i will assume that you have the 7" version . the steps are : step 1: download the *root_with_restore_by_bin4ry_v31 . zip* . ( see original forum ) step 2: extract the file . step 3: this step is very important . uninstall any drivers you have for the kindle fire hd . connect your kindle to the pc via usb . press the windows start button and search " device manager " go to > portable devices . " right click " on kindle and choose " properties " . go to " driver " and click " uninstall " . then unplug the kindle from the pc . step 4: now download and install kindle fire adb drivers . ( see original forum for links to these ) step 5: now on your kindle fire hd go to " settings " then > security . mark " enable adb " - on . step 6: connect the kindle fire hd to the pc via usb . wait till automatic installation completes and kindle is recognized . step 7: navigate to the folder where you extracted the bin4ry method and " double click " the " runme . bat " file and choose option 1 . step 8: on the kindle fire hd select the option " backup my data " and wait till the backup completes ( when the backup completes , on the computer press any key ) . then select the option " restore my data " ( this will not erase any data or files ) and wait till the restore completes ( when the restore completes , on the computer press any key ) . step 9: your device will reboot twice . step 10: when your device boot select select the option " restore my data " once again ( this will not erase any data or files ) and wait till the restore completes ( when the restore completes , on the computer press any key ) . your device will reboot once again . step 11: when your device boot , unlock your device and go to " apps drawer " , you should see the " superuser " app . you are done !
after relocking and unlocking again , it worked for me .
they have here but does not give a clear reason . how can i buy swype ? / when will swype be on the android market ? we have considered a direct-download sales model , but there are two challenges to that approach : customer support - providing swype users with the level of professional support they deserve is a priority for us . we are still a small ( but quickly growing ! ) company , and we do not have the resources necessary to support a full end-user sales model . it is much more efficient for us to focus on improving swype and to partner with large organizations like samsung and t-mobile who already have customer support structures in place . device integration - swype is not just an app ; it is a keyboard - the most widely used piece of software on a device . it interacts with nearly every single application on the phone . as such , it is more like a system component than an application . for each device release we do a tremendous amount of testing and we always find issues due to the varying components - the os version , the device hardware , the oem ui implementation , etc . in addition , some features can not be implemented without an oem 's engineering assistance . we end up doing a large amount of work on each device to be sure that you have a great experience entering text using swype . so , we appreciate your enthusiasm , but we are not ready to do direct-downloads at this time .
yes , there is : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.rgam.morsekeyboard
your phone officially needs a trip back to a samsung service center that is in no way caused by any android glitch , as the issue is progressive ( getting darker , bigger in time ) . it might be caused by some shock that made the lcd inside crack and bleed .
dropspace has some limitations according to it is description on the play store : *** current limitation: Only files existing on the sdcard are synced. That is, it's not a full 2-way sync.  i have been using dropsync . it does sync in both directions and i have had no cause for complaint .
the solution is pretty simple , far more easier than i anticipated : partition your usb drive/sdcard , into two partitions , using this easeus partition master , which is what i used . partition layout needs to be one with 1gb of space with fat32 filesystem , that is for the installer . remaining partition of type ext3 ( linux partition ) . the installer , when live-booting from the usb drive/sdcard , will show the just-created partition on the usb/sdcard , just select that partition to install on it and its done .
i am not sure if it is a good choice to use a alphanumeric keyboard instead of a qwerty one . but here is some choices for you : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=bigkeyboard.bordeux.net https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.bb.keyboard.wf this one is paid , but seems better : play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=net.fredricknet.inputmethod.latin there is no much people making this keyboards , so it is probability that the keyboard is no longer updated .
all the data stored by the app in the folder /data/data/app_name/ will be cleared . you cant specify which data to clear . the app would be like when it was installed or updated .
it is saved in /data/misc/wifi/wpa_supplicant.conf file . you can open it with any text editor . if you have terminal emulator you can also do this : cat /data/misc/wifi/wpa_supplicant.conf 
if you have read around , then you will already have read that the idea of " free ram " is a bit of a nonsense for android . pc operating systems take an app out of ram as soon as you quit it , which leaves empty space that the pc probably has to spend power on filling again afterwards - probably with the same app next time you run it . android tries to avoid this waste by leaving apps in memory after you stop using them or after they finish running , so that they are ready to run again next time . if it needs more ram for an app , only then does it get rid of these cached processes . android will first get rid of cached processes , based on how soon it thinks it is going to need them again . if it still needs more ram for the foreground activity , it'll get rid of background services ( which sync your email etc . but are not directly visible ) . if it still needs more ram , it'll get rid of activities that are directly accessible but are not currently visible , such as the launcher , the activity you will go back to when you press back ( maybe even in the same app as the activity that is running ) , or the greyed-out activity that is partly visible behind a dialog . this way , even if you have no free ram , android can free up quite a lot of ram for the foreground activity : all the ram on the device , except that needed by android itself . i suggest to work out the best setting using trial and error . without more knowledge of the app , i can not predict the effect of having the setting too low : perhaps the ai will make worse moves , or take longer to decide . if the setting is too high , you will notice that when you leave the chess game you have to wait for the previous app to launch : this is particularly noticeable when it is the launcher , and you get a spinning progress indicator instead of the list of apps . if this were one of my apps , i would consider this a bug . it is bad form to give the user a setting with no way to know what value to set . the app has more information about how much ram the device has and can make available than you do : it should decide itself .
the bad news : you very probably can not . if the manufacturer decides to backdoor your phone 's firmware , it is hardly detectable by individuals . phones consist of many components of which only a tiny fraction is really authored by the manufacturer . think of drivers and firmwares for various chips like the baseband , wifi , sensors , the various open source parts like the linux kernel , the android system itself , the closed source google apps and additional 3rd party packages from other other companies , that are preloaded . to be sure , you would need all of the firmwares ' source code and a way to compile it in a way such that the official builds and your build match bit by bit to prove that the source code matches the firmware ( and nothing was secretely altered ) . now one still needed to audit all the source and scan it for backdoors/vulnerabilities . to get an idea : truecrypt is a popular disk encryption software for many operating systems . in the wake of the nsa scandal its sources have recently been binary matched with the official windows releases which was a very tedious process ( report here ) . a source code audit has not been conducted yet , but there is a ( now ) still running indiegogo project for funding that audit with currently ~35k us$ pledged for doing it .
the standard android browser does this for me on most ( non-banking type ) websites . when i start typing my username into the login box it shows a drop down of names used in that login box before . selecting one of those fills the password box in too . if you go into the browser and press menu -> more -> settings and then scroll down the settings window to the privacy settings section , there is a tick-box there for remember form data , then if you scroll down a bit further to security settings , there is a tickbox for remember passwords . make sure that both of those are ticked and you should be ok . i am on a galaxy s running the official samsung froyo 2.2 release , and i am sure my old htc magic running stock android donut 1.6 did this too .
32gb is the limit imposed by the secure digital high capacity ( sdhc ) specification , not fat32 . fat32 supports 2tb drives , with a standard 512 byte sector ( or 16tb with 4.096 byte sectors ) which is ( coincidentally ? ) the same as the latest secure digital extended capacity ( sdxc ) specification , so fat32 should be viable for some time to come . the biggest restriction with a fat32 formatted drive is the per file size restriction . since fat32 uses 32bit file pointers , which means that no single file can be larger than 4gb ( actually 2 32 -1 ) . most of the time this is not a problem , but if you want to transport movies or virtual machines which are not split into multiple smaller files , then this might cause you problems . as an aside , in an answer like this , i can not help but illustrate it with a favorite picture of mine which compares 8 bytes of magnetic core memory from 1953 with 8gb ( 8 thousand million bytes ) of flash from 2008: in the same space as those 8 bytes from 1953 you could now fit 8x or 12x 32gb usd cards ( when you take into account thickness too ) so who knows where we will be in another 55 years ? probably wondering how we got by with only a couple of terabytes in our phone . *8' )
digital clock does almost everything you ask . ignore the rubbish picture from the page , it is a full-screen clock with white text on black and it is free . to configure it as you need , launch the app , then open the settings ( tap the screen to open the options then tap settings ) then set : clock -> screen timeout to unchecked . clock -> orientation to landscape . time and date -> show date to unchecked . you can also adjust the time format and colour if you wish . the time is about half the screen height , but i can easily read it on my phone from more than 20ft away so that may not be a problem .
you need to put the headset into a pairing mode . according to the manual , the procedure is as follows : turn the headset off press and hold the mfb ( multi-function button ) for 6 seconds until the led flashes red and blue alternatively and you hear a beep search for bluetooth devices on your phone and select the phbt5 enter 0000 as the pin if asked when the pairing is successful and active the led will flash only blue regularly
kindle fire utility provides an easy and automated way to get root , android market with other google apps including google services framework . alternatively , you can use quite nice imo messenger to connect to gtalk , skype , etc even with no root .
i can confirm that it is possible with the i5800xxjpf update with the 4 ( out of 5 ) separate files and the odin multi downloader tool . here are the instructions of how to update 2.1 eclair to 2.2 froyo .
i finally came across servestream , a free app in the google play store . it offloads podcasts and the like nicely into the background while you continue to use other apps on the device . one great thing about servestream is it is open source , so you can play with the code if you wish .
i almost forgot about my own question , meanwhile i found perfectly working solution -- simply converting kml into gpx with gpsbabel : http://www.gpsbabel.org/ it is open source , which is great plus for me .
in the smart saving options i could de-select the auto kill apps on screen off option ( i.e. . when screen turns off the apps will be killed by default ) . after de-selecting the option now the apps are being updated smoothly as usual
watch out for this , yes there are different sized cables they look the same but are not . you will probably be able to squeeze it in and it will work but may break the connector after a while ( this happened to my galaxy note 2 ) . it may have something to do with different pins within the cable itself . i found it very hard to tell the difference but try to just use the one that came with the device . if not just use a different cable but from a newer product as there are definitely different pins within the cable . best thing to do is if a cable does not fit in easily do not put it in .
are you sure you invested enough time in searching the internet ? i just found this forum and another forum after one search . to answer your other questions : in short , you will need to use odin ( a computer-based tool used for writing to your device while in " pre-android " mode ) to flash ( a fancy phrase for installing ) a custom recovery ( clockworkmod , aka cwm ) . that custom recovery will allow you to flash a superuser app that will handle granting root access . all files necessary can be found by resorting to the linked forums since so can not host files . rooting does not remove your version of android . in most cases , it will actually wipe all of your data ( factory reset ) , so make sure to backup anything that you need beforehand . being rooted does leave room for flashing different versions of android if you wish to do so in the future . sadly , i did not have any luck finding linux drivers for the note 10.1 . windows drivers available here .
the way i generally deal with truculent apps is by following each of these steps until it starts working again . force stop clear cache clear app data restart the device uninstall/reinstall ( this may be tricky with the market app )
when composing the " from " is a dropdown menu . it has all the accounts you have added via the webmail interface , and it is had this feature for a long time ( you should not need to upgrade ) .
you can use es file exporer goto app manager ( press menu to get app manager ) There you can see list of applications installed in your mobile select live wallpaper apk click on backup you can find apk in location /sdcard/backups/apps * edit : * system live wallpapers are located on your phone in path : system/app/livewallpapers . apk you can use es file explorer for the same . but your device need to be rooted to access system apps .
if you still want them to show up in your inbox , things get complicated . you would have to create filters to label every kind of message you do want notifications for , and then in the gmail app you would turn off notifications for the inbox , followed by syncing and turning on notifications for the label you just created . if you do not care if they show in your inbox , do the following from the web gmail : go to Mail Settings -&gt; Filters -&gt; Create new filter put youraddress@gmail.com in the to field put Chat with in the subject field hit next check Skip the inbox hit create filter alternatively you could turn off the saving of chat history , which disables offline messages , but that has its own downsides .
kadlancer - check out http://www.fullcontact.com . ( full disclosure : i work for them , so i am a bit biased . but the issues you mentioned are exactly the issues we are trying to solve ) . we currently have a web app in private beta that pulls in contacts from various google contacts/gmail sources , as well as facebook , foursquare , linkedin , twitter , etc . it then adds social profile data to each , normalizes and de-dupes them , and syncs them back in real-time . within the next month we plan to roll out our public beta , which will support the linking of all of the above sources - meaning you can unify contacts across all your social networks/google accounts and have all your contacts in one place , automatically up-to-date . because we offer two-way sync in real-time , changes made in google contacts sync to fullcontact , and vice-versa - meaning that your data is your data , and stays where you want it ( no walled gardens ) . again , i work for them , so you had probably be right to take what i am saying with a grain of salt . but based on what you posted , it looks like the fullcontact address book will do almost everything you are looking to do ( with the possible exception of xing , which is currently not supported , but on the roadmap ) . i am not aware of any other app out there that does quite what we do , save smartr - which it sounds like you have already tried . good luck !
the superoneclick dev 's website http://shortfuse.org/ states on their august compatibility list : all 2.3.4 devices need a custom root method . looking around , there does not seem to be a universal one click root method for 2.3.4 yet , most of the root methods for the later gingerbreads involve flashing custom firmware , etc which is more involved .
if your question is about global language support , you might want to check how do i add a new language ? if you however simply refer to keyboard layouts : this very much depends on the keyboard/ ime used . there is e.g. touchpal keyboard available on the playstore -- and also a lot of language packs for e.g. hebrew , spanish , russian , or even handwriting . same applies to some other keyboard apps , like e.g. anysoftkeyboard ( which even offers a pack for bb-codes used in forums ) , ice cream sandwich keyboard , perfect keyboard , and others . though your question says you are probably rather looking for the former : if it is just for the keyboard , the latter is the easier approach . while installing a complete language pack may provide you with support for your language in other apps , you should be aware the language must also be explicitly supported by that app itself .
goal if you have the ota image downloaded and , as in my case , ended up without success you should be able to adb sideload &lt;filename&gt; it still manually ( video here ) . problem/error . . . unfortunately the ota update via adb sideload errors out with : where /system/app/Drive.apk could be any system app . who is not to blame ? twrp is not to blame , i thought so in the beginning , but it would work with twrp as well . titaniumbackup pro . since i rooted my device and use a power-user feature , i should have known of its side-effects . now i do know , though : ) . . . and there is a good chance you learn about this from this answer now . apparent cause of the error using titanium backup pro i had used the " freeze " feature to get rid of some of the system apps , namely : asus keyboard calendar calendar storage com . android . providers . partnerbookmarks com . android . sharedstoragebackup com . google . android . voicesearch exchange services gmail google one time init google play books google play games google play magazines google play movies google play music google search google text-to-speech engine hangouts iwnn ime iwnnime keyboard ( white ) one time init this was apparently why the adb sideload bailed out early with the error message given in my question . i also uninstalled some of the system apps , and i think i remember " drive " ( remember ? : /system/app/Drive.apk ) was one of them . the solution i found the solution over at forum . xda-developers . com in this answer . the gist is that if you have a modified image , you need to restore that to make the ota sideload succeed . first download the stock image for the build you currently have . make sure it is the correct one for your device . so i was trying to upgrade from JSS15R to KRT16S on the wi-fi version , which meant i needed to download the 4.3 (JSS15R) image . that was the file razor-jss15r-factory-ec2d4f76.tgz in my case . i then unpacked that which gave me a subfolder named razor-jss15r . inside of it there were shell scripts , a .img file and a .zip ( image-razor-jss15r.zip ) . the latter needed to be unpacked . then i had the .img files in the folder i unpacked the .zip into : boot.img cache.img recovery.img system.img userdata.img then i followed the steps outlined in the linked answer : boot into bootloader ( keep volume-down and power pressed directly after turning it on ) connect usb ( make sure before that , that all usb drivers are installed ) change into the folder with the previously unpacked .img files check from the android sdk prompt that you see the device with fastboot devices . then execute fastboot flash system system.img which will flash a stock system partition note : unlike in the linked post , i left out the step with the fastboot erase system because that is apparently implied by fastboot flash system system.img as can be seen from the output . i also left out fastboot flash boot boot.img and fastboot flash recovery recovery.img because i thought it was unlikely that these " partitions " had been modified ( i was right ) . you may need the latter two , though . it would probably depend on what you have modified that prevents the adb sideload step ( i.e. . read and understand the error message ) . here 's the output : et voila , a clean system that can be ota updated . so in short , you may only need to fastboot flash system system.img from the stock image you are running , if you ever get an error during the verification phase : Verifying current system... "/system/&lt;SOME&gt;.apk" has unexpected contents. E:Error in /tmp/update.zip (Status 7)  download for factory images ( nexus 7 , both ) factory images " razor " for nexus 7 [ 2013 ] ( wi-fi ) factory images " razorg " for nexus 7 [ 2013 ] ( mobile )
your restriction ( no 3rd party apps ) will keep a better fitting answer away , i would say . what you describe is a task not for tasker , but for . . . oh , i shall not mention it you wrote . . . your problem is most likely that tasker very well catches the boot_completed event , but the apps to kill have been waiting for the same . so when tasker looks to kill them , they are not yet started . your task thus finishes without anything done , and whoop ! then the unwanted apps start . so if you really want to do this via tasker , i would insert a Tasker -&gt; Wait at the very beginning of the task . play with the values , start with 15s and increase in 15s steps until either it works or your reach a point where it is unlikely to work ( say e.g. 2 min , or you see the apps have started and your task did not kill them ) . if that still does not work , combine it with switching the condition : in case tasker really cannot catch the boot_completed ( well , tasker itself is started then ) , switch to " monitoring start " , and start over with 15s wait again . finally , though you did not want 3rd party apps , just in case you re-think that : autorun manager does this job quite fine , without any hazzle . on rooted devices , it even can disable other intents than just boot_completed listeners .
go to Settings , and under the " wireless and networks " section tap More... . there should be an option called Default SMS app . tap it , and select the " now sms " app . you should be all set now . [ edit ] : apparently , google deliberately disabled the sms functionality on cell-enabled nexus 7 tabs ( both 2012 3g and 2013 lte tablets are impacted ) with the 4.4 update . the recommended solution is to flash a custom rom that re-enables the setting . keep in mind that this will require unlocking the bootloader , which may void the warranty .
yes , it uses the light sensor , and yes most of the smartphones support it . as for how does it work ; smartphones , generally , have a light sensor located in the bezel right next to the screen that measures the ambient light together with control software that appropriately raises or lowers the screen brightness based on the measured light level . if you are watching in the dark the screen should be appropriately dim . when the ambient light level is higher the screen needs to be made appropriately brighter for two reasons : because of glare from ambient light reflected off the screen , which washes out the image , and because the eye 's light sensitivity decreases substantially as the ambient light level increases .
only the root user can set the date . if your phone is already rooted , just type su enter to get into a root shell , then the command you want to run . if your phone is not already rooted , you will need to get root access first . see how do i root my android device ?
update : try cleanup and reinstall of drivers as mentioned here . seems to have worked for others . this seems to be a known issue , and many have had success by using a different cable , connecting to a usb 3 port etc , but clearly , those will not work in your case . not sure what your usual usage is , but for file transfers , you can use airdroid , which connects through wifi .
generally fat is used when possible simply because it is compatible with more ( older ) devices . while this is not much of an issue today , it probably continues out of ( 1 ) very slight market advantage and ( 2 ) the fact that factory machinery is set up that way and it would cost owners to change it . in any event , android can certainly read fat32 ; if it could not nobody would be able to use sd cards larger than 2gb . there should be no problem with android being able to read your card after a format .
no . i have another sgs model and it works with no battery for a second , as long as the battery 's in when you start it up , but quickly shuts off .
from http://www.google.com/intl/en_uk/mobile/android/market-policies.html , product removals : from time to time , google may discover a product on the market that violates the android market developer distribution agreement or other legal agreements , laws , regulations or policies . in such an instance , google retains the right to remove those applications from your device remotely , at its sole discretion . if that occurs , google will make reasonable efforts to recover the purchase price of the product , if any , from the originating developer on your behalf . if google is unable to recover the full amount of the purchase price , it will divide any recovered amounts between the affected users on a pro rata basis . from what i can gather from above , it seems that the app in question will be removed from your device and you will be entitled for a refund . ( not strictly a full refund sometimes ) the app fails to be removed from the device and you may not get a refund . ( though i suggest you can contact google in this case ) if the app exists on your device , you can use it any how and it is not under jurisdiction of google anymore . and answer to you alternate situation , again , yes google will make reasonable efforts to recover the purchase price of product and the refund option will probably work .
do it in the app directly : ebay app ( home screen ) -> settings ( below wow list entry ) -> notifications -> none
go to settings -> backup and reset . then check ' backup my data ' and ' automatic restore ' . an alternative is to use an app like ultimate backup or titanium .
did you look in your " library " ? i recently did a factory reset and i can see all of the apps that i would previously had installed , not just the ones i have only just gotten around to .
as of 2.3.4 this issue is fixed . for other users on previous versions , i temporarily solved this problem by disabling wifi all together .
i think this is a manufacturer specific feature , not an android feature . my nexus 4 running 4.4 has no power saver mode . my htc one running 4.4 does have a power saver mode and although i can choose what aspects of the phone i want to limit to conserve power , i am not told how / what they do to save the power . i guess this will be chosen and set per manufacturer but for example , on my htc device in power saver mode the options are ; cpu power conserve cpu usage display reduce screen brightness vibration turn off vibration feedback data connection put to sleep when screen is off have you had a look in your settings menu ? it may well tell you in there what is being limited .
not a direct answer , but there is an effort underway to improve the mobile versions of the stack exchange sites . stackexchange-url i have used my android browser to interact with the stack exchange sites and it works pretty well .
fixed it by rooting the phone with a different kernel version . installing in appropriate kernel was the reason for this problem .
investigating in this issue , we already have a lot of broken screen questions providing some clues : you could hook your device to your tv screen via hdmi . this should mirror its ( invisible ) screen . of course this would require your screen at least to respond to touch events . airdroid might provide some help , as it allows to manage your device for many things , and also advertizes to stream the screen of your android in nearly real-time you could use some vnc server , and start it via adb as described in broken screen + using adb shell to run vnc server the latter obviously was the solution fitting you best , as you reported having done exactly that with vmlite vnc server . not the cheapest solution ( this app comes for about us$ 8 ) – but certainly cheaper than paying off a tech : )
it may be your file explorer is not written well . you could try to use a different file explorer , such as es file explorer . or , try going about it from a different way . instead of using your email program to look for an attachment , use your file explorer to ' share ' the attachment , and choose to share it via your email app . it will add the file as an attachment and open your email app . as long as your email client is listed as a possible ' share ' app , this should work . if neither of those work , try getting a new email client . since the email client is not showing all of your file explorer apps when selecting to add an attachment , it may have written its own ( poorly designed ) app selector .
the component name is specified as the package name , then a slash , then the name of the class . so in this case , the command you want is:- am startservice --es toggle toggle com.urbandroid.lux/.TwilightService  for future reference , and to help avoid confusion : the intent is the name of the message you are sending to start the service . the thing that you want to start is a service , not a " service intent " , and the thing you found in the manifest is a service , not an intent .
anything can go wrong , including issues that permanently brick the device . that said , galaxy s devices are compatible with a tool called odin that can fix all but the worst problems . example process . i personally flash pretty much anything i feel like onto my vibrant , and odin has saved me many times . i would not hesitate to flash something i wanted to try out , but you may wish to be more cautious .
effectively nothing . the two desktop torrent clients , utorrent and bittorrent used to be developed by two separate groups . late 2006 , µtorrent was purchased by bittorrent inc . since then , they started shipping bittorrent as a re-branded utorrent , but also kept utorrent around . wikipedia because of this , they maintain one program , but have two versions separated only by name , and it seems as though they carried this over to their android apps as well .
have you tried the manual from the international site ?
if all you did is download an . exe file , you have nothing to worry about . it is a program for windows , and it can not run on your android phone . just delete the file you downloaded to make sure no one copies it to a windows computer by accident . but if your router is infected by malware , do not use it at all . it can intercept and impersonate every website you use and visit . it can steal any login details you enter on websites and pretend to be you .
enable your gps and use navigator to some location you are not going to that is far away . then watch a movie on your phone with brightness on max . this will get the job done .
you could try to disable google people ( contacts ) sync application using storage/apps menu item and then disable contacts sync option for google account . after that you should be able to add contact which is marked as phone only - not synced . hope this helps . . .
the easiest way is to use a barcode you could e.g. create with an app like my qr code generator . if you do not want to install an app for the purpose , there are also web services available like e.g. goqr . me -- simply search google for qr code generator vcard . the result is a qr-code -- a simply image you can put on your web page . on android ( and other ) devices , a qr code reader ( best known and widely used on android is barcode reader ) utilizes the camera to take a picture from it , analyzes the coded content , and then offers an appropriate action . in case of a vcard , this would e.g. be to add it to your contact list -- exactly what you intended . of course you could simply export your contact data in vcard format for download ( on opening that , the user would get the same choice to add the content to the contacts ) . you also could combine both , linking the qr-code image to the downloadable vcard ( make sure the file extension of the vcard file is set to .vcf , so the web server gets a chance to set the correct mime type -- otherwise it may be treated as " plain text " and opened inside the browser instead of being downloaded ) . this way a visitor could either use a barcode reader , or click on the code to download the vcard . thus it even could be imported to apps on the pc : ms outlook , gnome evolution , and others understand the vcard-format as well . troubleshooting : if you linked the vcard .vcf file for download , and it still only gets displayed in the browser window , here 's how this can be fixed with apache web server ( solution by mrglass -- thanks ! ) : edit your apache config ( or , if you cannot access this , edit/create the .htaccess file in the directory your .vcf is stored ) to contain the following segment : &lt;FilesMatch "\.vcf$"&gt; ForceType text/vcard Header set Content-Disposition attachment &lt;/FilesMatch&gt; 
on the versions of the play store with the new " simplified " permissions dialog , you can still find a full list of permissions from the app 's store page ( the screen with the icon at the top , description , screenshots , and c . ) . scroll down to the bottom of the page . under " additional information " you will see " permissions " with a link " view details " . click this link to see a dialog with the list of individual permissions . in particular , an sms app might have permissions " edit your text messages " , " receive text messages " , " read your text messages " , " send sms messages " , each one saying whether it applies to sms , mms , or both . they are pretty self-explanatory on the face of it , but there are some subtleties . " receive text messages " means the app will be notified ( by android ) of a new message as soon as it arrives . this is normal for an sms app , or for a few apps that use a special sms to validate your phone number with some online service ( such as facebook ) . in contrast , " read your text messages " lets an app get data from android 's database containing your message history . this means it can see messages sent from different apps , or messages you sent or received before you installed the new app . any text message you can see in the stock sms app , this app will also have access to . again , this is normal in an sms app . " edit your text messages " gives the app write access to that same database . for example , the app uses this to save messages or drafts to your message history . again , this is completely normal for an sms app . but it could also be used for an app that illicitly sends premium sms messages to delete the records afterwards . like any permission , it comes down to trust . it is on you to decide if you trust the author of this app to only use these abilities the way you want : not just now , but in future versions of the app too until you you uninstall it .
on the htc incredible i just searched for the particular app in the market , selected it and unchecked " allow automatic updating " from there . hopefully it works that way on your phone ( and others ) .
gps is a passive technology - it does not get notified of a new position , it works it out by listening to the gps signals it receives and doing some maths . the options in gps apps that allow you to choose the minimum distance are there to make your location appear more stable - small variations in your calculated location would otherwise make for lots and lots of waypoints on your track ( if that is what you are recording ) , making for a much increased filesize . depending on what your app does when you change position , you might get some power savings by increasing this value , but that would be down to the app doing less with the position once it has it , rather than by getting your position less frequently . the glympse app , for example , continually sends your position to the glympse servers . if you could choose how often to update that position you could maybe save some power , but you would not be saving any power on the gps side of things .
no you can not flash an international rom on your device . because your phone 's configuration is different than international version . details are given below : chipset : qualcomm msm8960 snapdragon ( at and t ) ----- nvidia tegra 3 ( international ) cpu : dual-core 1.5 ghz krait ( at and t ) ----- quad-core 1.5 ghz ( international ) gpu : adreno 225 ( at and t ) --------- ulp geforce ( international ) if you flash this , it may brick your phone . see this
the first thing worth noting that your original attempt at pointing your browser to the . apk directly should work ( see the comments starting with stephen schrauger 's ) . it is not really clear why this would not be the case for you , but you may want to double-check your downloads app ( in the app drawer ) and your pathing . it could be that it is " downloading " in the background but it happens so quickly that you do not realize it . if for some reason that really is not working , then you can try a potential workaround . this is pretty ugly , but it does work . i have tested this on my nexus 10 , for reference . create a folder on your laptop that contains your apk files ( we will call it apkfolder for the purposes of this example ) , then within that folder create an html file ( we will call it apkinstall.html ) using a text editor . since you have an astro apk , use this as the content of the html file : &lt;a href="Astro.apk"&gt;Install Astro&lt;/a&gt;  where Astro.apk should be the actual name of your astro apk file . now copy apkfolder onto the root of your nexus 7 's storage using android file transfer . make sure that all the apks copy over as well as the html file . if you are using textedit on a mac : textedit will attempt to treat things as rtf files by default , so even if you save it with a . html extension it may not work . one workaround i have found is to go to Format &gt; Make Plain Text before you save the file . you will know you are in the correct format when the rulers and such disappear from the textedit window . then you can save the file and make sure you use change the .txt to .html . next launch your browser , and point it to file:///sdcard/apkfolder/apkinstall.html . you should get a mostly blank page , with a link that says " install astro " . click that link to install the astro apk from your storage , then use astro to install all your other apps . if you are using chrome , then you will probably need to pull down the notification bar and tap the " download complete " notification to actually kick off the install . in the more general case , if you did not have a file manager apk , you could instead add a bunch of link entries to the html file - one for each app - and install all of them that way . in your case , this should not be necessary .
i had the same problem and today i did find what was causing my problem . it just started yesterday , 2 weeks after i got the phone . and the only thing that was different is that i started using a generic ac charger that arrived yesterday . when i suspected it was the charger this morning , i switched back to the white samsung charger that came with the phone - and when the battery was fully charged , there was no ' beep ' , just a notice on the notification list . screen did not light up . so i suspect that the generic charger i had just received was overcharging the battery , and the phone must be designed not only to do an audible alert , but to keep repeating that audible and screen-on alert until the phone is unplugged . i have the phone charging on the white cable/plug that came with it , and i have a spare for travel . that is the charger i used up until yesterday - and never had a problem . so i think this resolved my problem with the battery full alert - and i will update again if it turns out that my problem is not fixed .
according to an answer i got a thread i made at xda developers , it looks like the phone actually is rooted because the whole idea with the cf-root kernel i used is that it comes pre rooted ( which makes me feel slightly sheepish ! ) .
first , if there is a signature mismatch and i am sure the original app comes from a trusted source , i would doubt the source the " update " comes from : the .apk very likely is manipulated , and might include malware -- so be warned ! i do not know the " one mobile market " you have downloaded it from , so i cannot tell for sure . if you still want to install the new .apk: yes , removing ( uninstalling ) the previously installed app and the installing the downloaded version should work . if the first one was installed as a system app , you will need the appropriate system tools to uninstall it ( e . g . titanium backup -- which you then could also use to create a backup before removing the app , just in case ) . alternatively , if you know the right command line tools , you can do it also via adb shell . as the app in question does not require to be made a system app , installation can be done normally without any root stuff : just tap the .apk in your file explorer , and let the normal installer do its job . after that , watch out for any strange behavior -- just in case the .apk introduced malware .
well it starts because that is how dev coded it . you can try programs like startup manager that will kill the program once it starts .
connect your computer with virtual hotspot created by android device . install any ftp server app on android device . it'll not give you ip of device for sure . : ) in your computer , find ip of Default Gateway of wi-fi network of step 1 ( in windows , you can use ipconfig cmd command ) . its the ip of your device . use any ftp client software on computer . use ftp://IP:Port ( port is generally configurable in ftp server app ) . enter username and password configured in ftp server app . done !
yes , just go to : Contacts -&gt; Menu -&gt; Import/Export -&gt; From SIM to Phone or you can view this more detailed article to help you : http://androidadvices.com/import-sim-contacts-android-phone/
the answer can be found between the lines to the question what actually happens when you swipe an app out of the recent apps list ? . there , eldarerathis quotes some trustworthy sources : [ w ] hat specifically happens when you swipe away a recent task is it : ( 1 ) kills any background or empty processes of the application ( see http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/fundamentals/processes-and-threads.html#lifecycle for what this means ) , and ( 2 ) uses the new http://developer.android.com/reference/android/app/service.html#ontaskremoved(android.content.intent) api to tell any services of the application about the task being removed so it can do whatever it thinks is appropriate . this could mean : if there are processes to be removed , they must be running -- which would be a " yes " to your question . on the other hand , if some app is listed in the recent apps list , that does not necessarily mean there was something left . " recent " means explicitly what the word suggests : the user has recently used that app . do not confuse that with alt-tab on your desktop computer , where you explicitly switch through running apps . the concept on android is completely different . so the final answer would be a " nes " or " yo " . it could be such an app has still processes running . but even if , that is nothing to worry about : unless one of them is a service , those ressources are mostly limited to ram and would be automatically freed as soon as they are required for something else . they do not eat your battery . completely unused resources are , um , unused -- that is , useless . why throw away something we might need shortly ? the user could decide to switch back to that app . so if it is still loaded , it is not only faster available -- but it even requires less ressources ( cpu , i/o ) to activate it again , as it is already there .
auto-fit is supposed to force the text to wrap based on the size of your screen when you zoom in on a web page . i think . as long as i am connecting the right term with the right action , it has limits . for instance , the page width does not actually change , and images and side bars will not change position , shape , or size . basically it is designed to keep you from scrolling sideways to read the text of an article .
you do not need root . you also do not need a terminal , for an app to use its own private utilities . but if you want vim , terminal ide provides that , a number of other utilities ( git , ssh , tmux ) , the ability to use bash or java as a ' scripting language ' at the terminal , and the ability to create and install android apps on-device . i use terminal ide and vim quite a bit , ( but with better terminal emulator pro 's terminal , actually . )
fundamentally android requires the developer to implement encryption directly ( ie , there is no os supplied framework for this ) . to the best of my knowledge , there is no current android hardware with encryption built into to the hardware . the new " black phone " that boeing is reportedly making for the us defense industry is likely an exception to this ( the phone hw was specifically engineered for security ) . basically ios is encrypted by default , and android requires the devloper to implement encryption in their applications .
if you can , boot into fastboot by holding down both volume keys and pressing the power key , then start recovery and do a factory reset .
why are there any apps starting when the drive is attached ? first you need some background information what is going on there . many things on android are " event-based " . that is , when " something " happens , the system issues a " broadcast " saying so . some well-known and easy-to-understand events include boot completed storage ( un ) mounted ( usually sdcard removed/inserted , or some external drive ) battery low network changed apps can register " listeners " for specific broadcast-events ( intents ) , so they get started/awakened/informed then . again some examples : media-scanner wants to know when a new storage " entity " got attached , to check for music/pictures/videos to insert into its internal database location service wants to know about network changes : if there is a new network , it might be interesting to determine the current location several apps ( far too many ) want to start at boot so obviously , your archive app has registered a listener for the storage broadcast , and similarly your app . how to get rid of that ? for your own app , you could adjust its code correspondingly . but that is no task for us here , but if needed , you can discuss that at our sister-site stackoverflow.com. for all other apps ( the following is applicable to other combinations as well ) , you will need your device to be rooted ( details can be found in the rooting tag-wiki ) . then go to the playstore and get yourself an app like e.g. autorun manager pro ( yes , for the following you will need the pro if you decide for this app . i chose it nevertheless , as it turned out to be the best in my tests a while ago ) : autorun manager ( click image to enlarge ) as you can see in the screenshot , autorun manager permits you to disable each listener an app may have registered separately . and their names are ( in most cases ) quite descriptive . so use arm , go into its " advanced mode " , look up the archive app , and check what listeners it has registered . disable the one sounding reasonable -- and your issue should be solved . you can change that anytime you want . whenever the modified app is updated , you will have to do that again . you also can simply revert all changes with two taps , as arm has a specific " restore " feature for that . ps : as you have tagged your question auto-start , you could have hovered your mouse over that tag , and select the " info " link . this will bring you to the tag wiki , where you can find most of what i just wrote ( and maybe even some additional information ) -- so i recommend reading that as well . furthermore , take it as hint for the future : many of our tag-wikis contain first-aid . and in many cases that might already be enough to solve an issue : )
i am not sure if the following will be a perfect match for you , but you always can adjust it once you have got the idea . in my example , i will refer to tasker only : not having worked with the secure settings myself , i can only tell things about it from the hear-say and what i have read . basic tasker knowledge assumed : conditions : State &rarr ; Wifi Connected , parameter : SSID set to your wifi 's ssid State &rarr ; Display is off task : Display &rarr ; Keyguard off 1 this is with plain tasker , and should solve half of your problem : when connected to the specified wifi , and the display is turned off , turn off keyguard . as soon as you turn on the display , the condition is no longer met -- and keyguard would automatically be activated again . problem will be : if you do not take any immediate action , that probably locks your screen again ( first action of keyguard ) . to prevent this , you could try adding an exit task : exit task : Tasker &rarr ; Wait , parameter is the time interval ( start with e.g. 10s ) Display &rarr ; Keyguard on 1 this would cause the keyguard re-activation to be delayed by the given time interval . i did not try this -- it might very well be that keyguard still would lock the device , even though you already might do something in another app . but you have already noted the " footnote sign " , so let 's go for that : 1 instead of handling keyguard directly , let secure settings do that . i know it has the ability to e.g. have keyguard only come up once ( initially ) when a condition is met . this would simplify things greatly : the task then would be Plugin &rarr ; Secure Settings , and the secure settings parameter should be to set keyguard as described : " only needed once initially , then no more until the condition is no longer met " . also drop the " display off " condition : when the display is off , you cannot unlock it either ( you see where your problem most likely was ) . so it should work as you have intended -- after the first unlock . not exactly what you wanted ( one-time unlock is still needed ) , but almost . the exit task would not be required in this case , as tasker automatically reverts back once the condition is no longer met . play a little with this , maybe secure setting even allows for something better .
go download poweramp . best $5 i ever spent on an app . it includes lockscreen controls and i am pretty sure you can set up lockscreen gestures to do whatever you want . i will confirm this real quick on my installation . edit : confirmed on the lockscreen gestures . swiping left and right over the album art will skip the track forward and backward by default , from anywhere in the app or on the lockscreen .
android os versions 3 . x and above ( honeycomb , ice cream sandwich ) actually have a setting that allows you to specify " owner info " text that will show up when the device is locked . there are also many 3rd-party locks-creen replacement apps that allow for much greater configuration flexibility than the stock one , including the ability to specify any text on the locks-creen . take a look at widgetlocker or go locker , for example . for the " unlocked " state , you can always modify an image to include the " if found . . . " text , copy it onto the device 's sd card ( or internal storage area ) , and set that as the wallpaper . you can use one of the myriad of free image editing software ( e . g . paint .net) to add the text .
check for a security notification under the notifications . i missed it at first on my tablet .
*its probably talking about either talkback , soundback , or kickback . ( talkback being when you divert to home it with articulate " home" ; soundback producing a ping ; kickback producing a vibration ) but i would make sure to double think which one you prefer or really need being that you will not be able to uninstall once downloaded . once downloaded it should give you an option . *
reinstall cm with minimal gapps , your /system folder is most probably full due to gapps-kk taking up too much space . http://goo.im/devs/banks/gapps/4.4.3
only devices with nvidia tegra chips in them can be completely restored to factory conditions . when you root your phone , the warranty is void , and there is no sending it back . you can back-up a rom and before booting , wipe the phone 's rom and restore one of the backed up roms . backing up and restoring is very time consuming , though . you would only want to do that so you could perhaps have an aosp rom , a touchwhiz rom , and perhaps a cm9 or aokp rom as well-- trust me , you will be too busy flashing new updates to worry about switching between backups . head over to http://forum.xda-developers.com/forumdisplay.php?f=1346 for the low down on the rest . you can never read enough , really-- the different roms will be under the development section .
in general , you should never assume that any internet connection is secure . not even if you owned the hotspot . internet is built under the assumption that intermediary links are unreliable and not necessarily trustworthy ( not even your service provider or the backbone operators should be considered trustworthy ) . that is why we have developed various authentication and encryption protocols which can ensure secure communication through these untrustworthy channels . in short , use https or ssl when accessing informations that you do not want anyone snooping on and do not use apps that do not use https/ssl . gmail always uses ssl when communicating with google servers , although last time i checked not for calendar or contacts , though this may have changed since then .
a lot of people seem to be having problems with google play movies . if you have a look on the play store page there are a lot of people complaining that the app is buggy . lots of people have fixed issues by uninstalling and reinstalling , it may not help but it is worth a try .
i have found a solution . go to supersu > > settings > > " fully unroot this device . " done .
found a solution myself . the problem was that the adb and fastboot tools in the htc sync program did not work . i solved it by downloading the android sdk , installing platform-tools , removing htc sync from the path variable and adding the platform-tools directory in its place .
newer android devices do not support usb mass storage because it has a big shortcoming : the phone and the pc can not access the storage at the same time that way . this is because usb mass storage is a low-level protocol giving the pc low-level access to the whole filesystem . this causes knock-on problems when you connect your phone to the pc:- apps on the external storage can not run while it is mounted on the pc . music and other files on the external storage are not accessible to apps , so even apps that are not on the external storage might stop working or become useless . when the external storage is unmounted from the pc , android has to rescan it from scratch ( see media-scanner ) because it can not tell what has changed . there is no way for the phone to let the pc access the internal storage this way : android can not unmount the internal storage , because all apps need access to it , even the system apps . this also means there has to be a separate partition and filesystem for the external storage , which the phone can cope with losing access to . newer android devices often just have one big partition , and the " external storage " is simply a directory there . it is more convenient that way because you do not have free space split between partitions , but you can not use usb mass storage on only a directory . android can not enforce any filesystem security . the pc has complete access to the exported storage , below the filesystem level . this lets it access any file , and read the raw device data to recover deleted files . this might be considered an undesirable security hole . as eldarerathis points out , the external storage has to use the fat32 filesystem to work this way . this is not a shortcoming when it is a real sd card , but when it is really non-removable storage , it would be more useful to use a better filesystem . ( where i say " sd card " here , that means whatever storage your android device calls " external " , even if it is not actually removable . ) in contrast , mtp is higher-level , and allows android to arbitrate and to share access , just like when sharing directories or filesystems over a network . it even opens the possibility of letting the pc access the internal storage this way , but there are other restrictions around that unrelated to mtp . as eldarerathis explains , you need special software to access mtp devices from a mac , because mac os does not have the appropriate software built-in , like windows and some linux distributions do .
when you create a new avd ( android virtual device ) . under hardware , click new : from the drop down list of property , select device ram size . click ok . you can now put a value beside of device ram size of how big you want it to be . note : you have to create a new avd . you can not edit them as far as i know .
the system images system.img are located in the android sdk install directory under system-images/android-&lt;platform-version&gt;/&lt;platform-type&gt; . once you create the avd , in the %USERPROFILE%/.android/avd/&lt;AVD_NAME&gt;.avd you will find the img files for /sdcard/ and /data/ , but /system and such are loaded from the sdk path mentioned above . in order to create an avd you must install the system images from the sdk manager .
while the logcat option recommended by ryan of course is a valid possibility , it is not the most user-friendly solution . i have got a better idea : ) apps started automatically after boot registered for a certain event , called BOOT_COMPLETED . to do so , they need to request this permission ( you find it under " more " on the playstore pages ) called " start after boot " ( or , with its technical name , BOOT_COMPLETED -- what a surprise ! ) . so to figure out which apps could potentially be in here , you can use a permission checker . there are many of them in the playstore , but i will mention only two of them to get you started : permissiondog 1 rl permissions 2 both let you browse your apps by permissions , and even try to indicate " potentially dangerous apps " -- nice side-effect in your case ; )
launch chrome in the overflow menu , choose Settings under basics , tap the entry for your account disconnect the account ; you will be warned that the data will remain but you will lose your synchronization tap Sign in to Chrome at the bottom of the screen choose the account you want to use for synchronizing obviously for this to work you will need to have already added the account to your phone .
it does not support this out-of-the box , but you can swing it by using the xposed framework and the xposed gel settings module : install the xposed framework installer open the xf installer and select " framework " at the top of the menu , then press the " install/update " button on the next page reboot install xposed gel settings , either from google play or via the xf installer 's repo interface ( the " download " item on the main menu ) . launch xgels and open the app drawer ( tap the top left icon or swipe from the left edge ) . select " general " from the drawer , then switch on " rotation " on the list of settings . go into the xf installer and select " modules " from the main menu . check the box next to xgels to enable the module . reboot again
the steps you have to take are the following ones : expand the list of recent labels , but this time tap the option show all labels . this will take you to the list of all your labels , in whose bottom you will see the option manage labels : tap there . in the list of labels , tap the one you want to be notified about . by default that label has label sync and notify disabled . tap the option sync messages it will open a popup dialog with sync options . choose and tap one different to sync : none . the above will enable the notifications , now you can choose its options according the way you want to be notified . exit the label options for changes to be applied . from now on , you will receive notifications about unread messages for that label too ( in jelly bean , you will see the extended notification , as with inbox emails ) . you will be able to open the email message tapping on that notification .
stock samsung software always mounts the sd card after the system is up , at least on my vibrant , so i would expect there is not too much you can do about that without hacking the startup scripts ( presumably difficult ) . as for the second problem , the market description says : " it can break some apps if they are not meant to be moved to the sd card ( such as widgets ) . " try moving any widgets back to your phone storage .
i think that you have mis-interpreted for applications and all in-app products that you choose to sell on google play to mean all purchases made through apps distributed via google play rather than purchases made using the google play store . when you use the ebay app they do not take payment via google play and therefore do not need to pay google 30% . having said that . . . as mentioned by dan hulme the google play terms prohibit using other payment mechanisms for purchases that are are entirely within the app ( i.e. . excluding magazine subscriptions , other kinds of downloadable content , and purchases of physical goods ) app purchases : developers charging for apps and downloads from google play must do so by using google play 's payment system . in-app purchases : developers offering virtual goods or currencies within a game downloaded from google play must use google play 's in-app billing service as the method of payment . developers offering additional content , services or functionality within another category of app downloaded from google play must use google play 's in-app billing service as the method of payment , except : where payment is primarily for physical goods or services ( e . g . , buying movie tickets , or buying a publication where the price also includes a hard copy subscription ) ; or where payment is for digital content or goods that may be consumed outside of the app itself ( e . g . , buying songs that can be played on other music players ) .
you can create a screen shortcut for " home " or any location you use often . long-press on the home screen , select the shortcuts option , and scroll down to get a directions option . you will be prompted for an address , which can be either specific or general . choose car , public transit , or walking directions , ensure " turn-by-turn navigation " is checked , and give it a short name , like " home " . now you have a shortcut which will quickly get the directions you want from wherever you are . you can also " star " locations on the map that you use often . you can also use contacts to quickly get addresses for navigation . were you to have a " home " entry in your contact list , you could simply use the voice command " navigate to home " .
existing app users will still be able to receive app updates , even if you unpublish your app . so a existing user can go through google play > my apps , and review your app . only the new users are unable to find it . source : https://support.google.com/googleplay/android-developer/answer/113476?hl=en
google maps navigation is currently available in the united states , canada , uk , ireland , austria , belgium , denmark , france , germany , italy , the netherlands , portugal , spain , and switzerland .
i share my experience and knowledge as an android developer : most widgets do not consume ( or use just a bit ) processor power when they are not visible , but some would consume even if your screen is off and phone is locked . it is based on what task the widget is considered to do , and how developer has written and optimized the code . as a general rule : more widgets would slow down your launcher ( desktop ) because your phone has to render ui of the widget every time it is shown to you . as i see , your phone is a low-end one and surely , it shows some lag when you add more widgets , but keep in mind that smartphones are made to do tasks , not to just scroll fast and be lag-free . so , if you really use those widgets , keep using them ! and one more thing , if your phone is running on android ics 4.0 or newer , you would not need any task manager or task killer . android itself best manages tasks and you should not worry about background tasks , as long as you have not installed any malicious app . killing background apps never improves speed on your phone or battery life .
the default location is already on your external sd card in the /bluetooth folder . it is not possible to configure it up to android 4.1 jelly bean : with the included stock bluetooth receiver you cannot change the location as of now , because it is hard coded . you need a 3rd party app like bluetooth file transfer which might be configurable here . in . /packages/apps/bluetooth/src/com/android/bluetooth/opp/ you can see it . constants . java defines this : public static final String DEFAULT_STORE_SUBDIR = "/bluetooth";  bluetoothoppreceivefileinfo . java has no switch for the location :
good question . i believe the answer has been recently changing , because while i was initially under the same impression as saintwacko ( thinking the cutoff was 25 mb ) i have been unable to find any google documentation defining such a limit . what i have found is that the maximum apk ( app ) size is 50 mb . developers can also choose to use up to two apk expansion files to be downloaded along with with the app 's apk , each of which can be up to 2 gb . even for these larger expansion files , though , i could find no mention of wi-fi only download restrictions ( unless explicitly required by the developer ) . i remember seeing the wi-fi download flag you mention on some larger apps that i use personally , but today i have gone back to those same apps and do not see that flag . as best i can tell this policy has changed .
i have solved the issue . the issue is that the memory card was locked by old nokia phone . so i unlocked it and now it is working perfectly . thanks for all your support .
yes . just download the nexus ' camera app onto your samsung device and install it . you will end up with 2 camera and gallery apps . they all have different icons , though , so you can visually see which one you want to open . see the following link for a download link and instructions . use the google camera app to create photospheres . note that to view the photospheres , you must also use the google gallery app ( which is also installed ) . http://www.intellectdigest.in/how-to-install-photosphere-on-samsung-galaxy-s4-without-rooting-on-touchwiz-ui-3529/?modpagespeed=noscript direct download : http://d-h.st/tk6 camera icons gallery icons in adw , i created a folder called camera and changed the icon names for the two camera apps to help distinguish between the two . i do not know if touchwiz can created folders or change the icon labels , though ; i installed adw ex as soon as i got the phone .
it is there all along ! open up the email app and press the menu button . go to view> folders you now need to tap the folder icon next to inbox and it will ' expand ' and display all the subfolders under it . this must be the icon and not the text . it wont work if you press the text so you must press the icon . i have to say this is pretty poor ui design , as it is not obvious to end users . i will try and add a screenshot when i next get the s3 .
you have to have root access to mount the drive as that article is describing ( calling su == becoming root ) . what are you trying to accomplish ? can you push the file to the sdcard instead ( if your device has one ) ?
technically no , you do not have to root your current rom before you can flash cyanogenmod on your s3 . instead , you will simply gain root when you flash cyanogenmod itself . this is due to the way in which samsung 's bootloaders work in comparison to the ones on other devices . samsung devices effectively have unlocked bootloaders right out of the gate , but they do not have a way to use the fastboot utility that other devices use . instead , you can use the odin utility ( and a third party , cross platform implementation : heimdall ) to reflash the device from its " download mode " at any time , as the cm installation instructions describe . therefore , since download mode is accessible to the end user without any sort of modifications to the device , you do not need to " root " beforehand in order to install a custom recovery ( and , by association , custom roms ) . the reason why you need root on many other devices is because it is the only way to write to the recovery partition and get the custom recovery installed . often this requires unlocking the bootloader in the process as well .
the spec is simply listed ( on htc 's website ) as such : memory rom : 512 mb ram : 384 mb expansion slot 8 gb microsd™ memory card ( supports up to 32 gb ) the above link is for the us cellular variant , but the c spire version has the same memory specs ( the only real difference between variants is supported bands , afaik ) . gsm arena also reports " microsd up to 32gb " . generally speaking , android devices support any sd card that properly complies with the sd spec . there are no " special " cards for devices - any will do .
i do not think there is a way android will work on itunes natively . i would suggest look at media players that sync with the itunes program itself i have not tried this but http://www.winamp.com has this feature for a while and is free . its also mac http://www.winamp.com/mac os x 10.6 and above http://blog.winamp.com/2010/11/30/sync-your-itunes-library-to-android-with-winamp/ the media you talked about that is streaming will hopefully be synced into winamp through playlists , however if this does not work that is a whole other question and may be different from stream to stream . http://www.clementine-player.org/ is a good free opensource alternative for windows etc that syncs with android players quitewell and has many streaming features built in . if your itunes is stuck on a powerpc you might not have a choice but to backup your itunes library and restore it to another computer . so on your itunes on your old powerpc backup the library to some removable media to restore on your windows itunes http://support.apple.com/kb/ht1382?viewlocale=en_us there are also other methods here http://support.apple.com/kb/ht4527 it all depends on your setup and needs .
it sounds like you are happy using google/gmail as an intermediary for the sync , if you have already tried google calendar sync , if so then there are a few options . it sounds unlikely from your question , but if you are part of an organisation that is given you a paid-for google apps account then google apps sync is available for you . this syncs an outlook calendar , contacts and mail with a google apps gmail account , and from there you can easily sync with your phone . unfortunately this is not available for standard gmail/google accounts , or for free google apps accounts . other , third party , options to sync outlook with a gmail account are go contact sync ( free ) , companionlink ( paid app ) or goosync ( subscription service with free trial ) .
data files are usually kept in either /data/data/ [ packagename ] / or they could be stored on the sdcard . [ packagename ] will be something like com . fitnesskeeper . runkeeper . pro . the data file your looking for will probably be in that directory ( well , one of the sub-directories any how ) . as for if they store the data on the sdcard , most developers do not follow the recommendations to store the data in /sdcard/android/ so if they are on the sdcard , i could not tell you where to even look . i would suggest , after you look in /data/data , to look for the [ packagename ] some where on the sdcard , or look for something with runkeeper in the name .
this is really an " it depends " answer . if you are only installing applications and streaming any media you consume , 16gb is sufficient . if you are copying media locally , 32gb should be a minimum . by way of example , the tablet i was using on my last vacation only had 2gb used . my son 's was full at 16gb with the movies and tv shows we had copied on to last him a week and he ended up watching the same shows over and over .
buy a nexus s device directly from google . they will be the fastest at updating to the latest firmware . and they will always ship with stock android . everyone else is way behind . most are behind because they add customizations to android and have to make their changes , then they have to go through the google approval process . not to mention then having to go through the carriers testing process for deployment .
i do not know enough about aviate to know for sure , but i can guess based on the way icons normally work in android . an app 's icon has different versions for different screen dpis , so there is no need to resize nor antialias icons . note that antialiasing is not the answer here : it works by blurring icons , so they still look wrong , just in a different way . the stock android launcher always uses the right icon for the screen 's dpi . ( actually , it uses the icon one size up , because it displays the icons larger than in early android versions when the launcher icon sizes were set . ) if the app does not come with an icon in the correct size , it uses a smaller icon . that is why , if you have what android calls an xhdpi screen ( 240 dpi or above ) , some apps will have smaller icons : it is because they do not have an xxhdpi icon . from what you describe , it looks like the icon pack that is giving you trouble does not have any icons for your screen resolution . perhaps the author of the icon pack did not realise about the different dpis . perhaps it is some limitation of the icon pack format , which is not an android standard . when this happens , aviate is picking the next smaller size and scaling up . there is no reason they could not use linear or cubic interpolation to replace the jaggies ( yes , that is the technical term ) with blurriness . if they are using the standard ImageView component , it is just a question of setting a flag on it when the icon size is wrong . however , that would be slower , and they had need to be careful to only do that when the icon is missing . it is possible there is some reason within aviate that they could not do that ; otoh , it is possible they have just never tried using icon packs with missing dpis , or they want to make it obvious to encourage icon authors to do the right thing .
i did some searching due to the other answer and found someone on xda claiming that this is a market/play bug , and you are seeing it because the market thinks one of your apps is actually that ojsc mobile app . even better , i found this just-published story on the verge : samsung has several pieces of software that it installs on it devices but that are not in the google play store ( for obvious reasons ) . however , every single android app has an app name that identifies it on the android system , in this case the " unique " name is com . seven . z7 , which identifies samsung 's email app . what appears to have happened is that russian developer ojsc mobile telesystems gave that unique identifier to its "мтс мобильная почта" app , and so these samsung devices were tricked into thinking it was an update to samsung 's email client . since google play allows for automatic updating of all apps , it was installed on many devices . i could not find the app in the play store anymore , so perhaps google has taken it down to resolve this . below is the original version of this post , which would still be applicable in more normal circumstances . if it is a system app for supporting cyrillic text , which is what it sounds like , it could hardly be called malware . crapware , perhaps , if you do not need it . if you do not need it , then no need to update ( unless you want to be rid of the notification , though in that case i recommend rooting and removing the app ) . no reason not to update either i would say &mdash ; you already have it on your device , so unless it is doing something nasty in the new version in particular then you have already been exposed to any dangers it may contain :p . of course , updating will require more space on your device unless you are rooted and can entirely replace the original version with the update ( normally the system keeps all original versions of system apps ) .
this answer to #2 in your question is , unfortunately , " maybe " . the cm7r2 hboot ( along with several others ) is maintained by alpharev , and they note in their website 's faq : will this touch my currently running rom ? we try to leave the current rom and datastructures completely intact . it is , however , advised to always nandroid backup your phone before you run this procedure . you will then always have a correct/current backup to fall back on in case something breaks . so it is designed to flash without affecting your current rom install , but it is a bit of a delicate process so there are no guarantees . there is generally always a certain amount of risk involved in these types of things , but especially so when dealing with the bootloader/hboot . make a backup . if you can , copy the backup onto another device ( your computer , for instance ) . always prepare for the worst and hope for the best when it comes to data that you do not want to lose and you will generally be fine . as per your question about whether or not it is worth it - this sort of depends . the reason that some roms support certain versions of hboot and not others is because the different hboots are designed to create different partition layouts on your device . there is a table on the website which details the layouts , and which i will summarize here : certain roms are designed to take advantage of the differing partition layouts , making them incompatible with others . for example , a rom with a lot of stock components and additional packages may need more than 145mb of space for its /system partition , so flashing it on the cm7r2 hboot would not work . it is generally best to stick with whatever the rom author recommends , which does mean that switching may be necessary in some cases .
generally , reboot binary provides a recovery switch . after switching to root , execute this command : /system/bin/reboot recovery this may not work if your manufacturer does not support it . rom manager type apps uses api of android which you can not access via terminal emulator directly .
so i have managed to make it work by unchecking the option : " scale display to real size . " very strange . . .
i was able to root my phone using revolutionary . io after all , following the steps described here . however , instead of running ./revolutionary as described on the page , i had to use sudo ./revolutionary to make things work .
fixed it . i am writing my fix if other people will encounter the same problem . also , that i must stress that this fix will work only for cyangenmod users ! the problem is that there is not enough space in /cache/ , so when the market wants to download a " too large app " , it throws an exception saying " there is not enough free space " . you can see that error if you have the android sdk and you run " adb logcat " , and try to download an app ( you will get " not enough free space in internal download storage" ) . so how to fix it ? the easiest way i found is to download an app called " s2e " . you can try to download it from the market . if you can not , look for the apk , and install it from the sdcard . once you installed it , you can choose directories that will be moved to the sd-ext instead of the phone 's internal memory . check " download cache location : /sd-ext/download " . than click on " menu " and than " reboot " . that is it ! :- )
to completely remove them from device , go into : Settings -&gt; Accounts and sync -&gt; (select your account) -&gt; Turn "Sync Contacts" off  now delete gmail contacts from your phone : use the method @ames suggested to filter out gmail contacts only delete all contacts ( only gmail ones will get deleted ) revert to displaying other contacts . since contacts will not be synced , this will neither delete your contacts from web version of gmail nor bring them back to your device . just be careful not to turn this setting back on .
if you root your droid and install cyanogenmod there is something called dsp manager included which seems to do what you want .
with a terminal emulator app ( or via adb shell ) , you can use the following command to get a list of installed applications : pm list packages  there are some optional switches for this command that will give you more information , such as the location and name of the apk file as well . keep in mind that this command lists both 3rd-party app as well as system ones that came pre-installed on your device . if you are generating the list for the purpose of re-installing the apps on the new rom , you might want to look into the appbrain app market app . once you are signed in with your google account and synced up , it will save the installed apps as a list that you can view and manage online . after installing a new rom , you simply download the appbrain app from the market first and use it to re-install other apps from the saved list by doing the following : launch appbrain app . select the Manage And Sync option . sign in with the same google account as you did before . tap the My lists... button and select the list you have created previously . tap the Add all apps button . this will queue up all of the applications you had installed on the previous rom for installation . go back to the previous screen and tap the Execute changes button which will automatically bring you to the market page for installing the apps .
it has to be related to the website . it is possibly just a pop-up ad . currently there is no known virus for the android platform . there're other forms of malware but no viruses . nevertheless you should always make sure to only install applications from trusted sources .
to understand why nexus 7 can show more content than the galaxy nexus , i will first explain two concepts : screen density and density-independent-pixel . but before we go into technical details , it may be worth to clarify the design goals of using density-independent-pixels . the goal is to define a ui that is similar in dimension across devices , regardless of the screen size . so in this case the appearance of the menus is the same in the galaxy nexus and the tablet ( side by side should look very similar ) , but , as one has a bigger screen , more content can be shown . the designer selects an appearance that looks good for a certain size ( a 160 dpi screen is the base ) and this is " simulated " in this case in devices with higher dpi . screen density commonly referred to as dpi ( dots per inch ) . android groups all actual screen densities into four generalized densities : low ( 120 ) , medium ( 160 ) , high ( 240 ) , and extra high ( 320 ) . a device such as galaxy nexus has " extra high " screen density ( more specifically , the dpi value is set at 320 ) . the nexus 7 uses " tvdpi " - i.e. 213 dpi . density independent pixel commonly referred to as dp . this is the virtual pixel unit used when displaying content . the density-independent pixel is equivalent to one physical pixel on a 160 dpi screen . to calculate dp use the following formula : px = dp * (dpi / 160)  or equivalently : dp = (px / dpi) * 160  the reason nexus 7 can show more content than the galaxy nexus despite having similar resolutions is this : the dpi of nexus 7 is lower than galaxy nexus . galaxy nexus ( 320 dpi , 720 pixels wide ) (720 / 320) * 160 = 360 dp  nexus 7 ( 213 dpi , 800 pixels wide ) (800 / 213) * 160 = 600 dp  this means that when apps are rendering on the galaxy nexus , the width of the screen is actually 360 dp ( rendered using 720 pixels ) . whereas on the nexus 7 , the width of the screen is 600 dp ( rendered using 800 pixels ) . bonus if your galaxy nexus is rooted , you can use an app such as lcd density modder and change the dpi of your device to 240 . what you will get is something a lot closer to nexus 7 in a smaller package . on the left is a screenshot of the device at 240 dpi . you will notice we can see a lot more content when the dpi is lower . nothing to do with ppi the other answers mention ppi . the amount of content displayed has nothing to do with the ppi of a device . though commonly , vendors select the dpi that is closest to the ppi of the device . ( e . g . galaxy nexus has a ppi of 316 , but a dpi of 320 , where as nexus 7 has a ppi of 216 , but uses a 213 dpi ) . further reading http://developer.android.com/guide/practices/screens_support.html
the explanation is simple , as i have suspected , there is a verification mis-match in the build.prop , see below , the ro.build.fingerprint contains this google/soju/crespo:2.3.4/grj22/121341:user/release-keys but the update performed a verification check on the fingerprint which resulted in mis-match and there-by producing Error code 7 . notice the last few lines of the recovery.log , i.e. the update was expecting the handset to have this version of gingerbread - google/soju/crespo:2.3.6/grk39f/189904:user/release-keys or expecting ice cream sandwich google/soju/crespo:4.0.3/iml74k/239410:user/release-keys this is meaning , that the version of gingerbread on your handset is too old for the update to work . ( its gingerbread 2.3.4 that is on it ! ) am not 100% sure how this recovery is showing the fingerprint as gb 2.3.4 if the op states in the comments that the handset is running ics 4.0.1 so to resolve the issue , you need to flash to gingerbread v 2.3.6 ice cream sandwich v . 4.0.3 first , then apply the update and it should work then . edit it transpires the op is running ics v . 4.0.1 , the update script was performing a check for either 2.3.6 or 4.0.3 which is something that i have missed inadvertently .
it just works , no need to wipe . you do not need to wipe , according to a blog post on cyanogenmod 's google plus channel : upgrading from cm10 to cm10.1 as you may have noticed , we started updating some devices from cm10 ( android 4.1 ) to 10.1 ( android 4.2 ) during the weekend . the upgrade process has been tested extensively for the older devices ( manta and mako did not have that problem since they started out with 10.1 ) , so you should be able to update directly without losing any data . the single application known not to work is the clock : our changes to 4.1 's clock to add the stopwatch and timer in cm10 are not compatible with google 's own implementation of those features in 4.2 ( which we are using in cm10.1 ) ; if your clock starts crashing after upgrading to 10.1 , simply go into the settings -> apps menu , choose clock from the all tab , and hit " clear data " .
i am assuming that u have already installed the drivers of the phone on ur pc . to enable the usb debugging mode in in xolo q1000 opus , follow the steps below :- first go to the settings tab and select the " about phone " option in category system . now tap the last option " build number " seven times , for the developer options to show the usb debugging . now turn on the developer options and the usb debugging . download an application for ur pc named as moborobo from this link : &lt ; http://www.moborobo.com/ > connect ur phone to the computer and open up moborobo application on the computer . the application will automatically detect ur phone , if the drivers are properly installed . and until the application is running , the adt will also show ur phone as online device . so u can easily test ur app on the xolo q1000 opus model . well , this is not the proper way to connect the phone , but it is surely an alternative . for any help , reply below . . . ! ! and do not forget to vote up the answer if ur issue is resolved .
gmote will let you control your computer over wifi via your android phone . it basically treats it like a keyboard/mouse .
having a different external display was one of the new features with jelly bean 4.2 you will need a siutable update for your s3 to stand a chance . what level of support you will get then is still in doubt depending upon the real hardware capabilities and what support samsung put in .
i have followed the exact steps from link : samsung mobile mtp device cannot be installed stackoverflow tutorial here are steps : ( for Windows specific instructions ) : ensure phone is not connected to pc . uninstall kies from pc . reboot your pc and reinstall kies after that . just for great measure . . . open kies , go to Tools | Troubleshoot connection error . follow instructions and wait for it to finish the troubleshooting procedure . reboot your phone ( or turn off and then on your phone again ) . Do not connect it to your PC just yet. once rebooted , go to your phone 's dialer , type *#7284# - a configuration window will appear . in that window 's usb section , if it is default to pda , tap modem , then back to pda , ( if it is modem in the beginning , change it to pda ) then press the back key to exit . most importantly , it must set as pda when you exit . turn off usb debugging in your phone . ( optional ) set your phone 's screen timeout to a lengthy time . ( minimum 1-2 minutes - recommended 5mins to 30mins ) its found in settings | display . you can change this back later on . connect the phone to your pc with usb cable and let windows load your drivers . . . and wait for the drivers to get reinstalled . once reinstalled , disconnect the phone off usb . switch usb debugging back on in your phone settings , and reconnect the phone back - you will see windows load another set of drivers for your phone . wait until it is completed . ( this step is a precautionative measure to ensure your phone is identified with all the necessary drivers ) once complete , unplug your phone , and turn off usb debugging . . . this is to ensure mtp will initialize . also , press the phone 's home key until your homescreen is displayed . only after doing all that , reconnect your phone back to pc . test and see if mtp works using windows explorer . you will see your phone 's usb storage and sdcard contents if it does . hope it will help you . .
the easiest and fastest way to move over pictures/albums from your phone to your computer is using a usb cable and connecting your device to your computer . if you have a windows pc , your device should automatically come up . if you have a mac . you will need to download a tool called android file transfer . i will provide you with the links below . anyways , it is really simple . like i said , if you have a windows pc . just connect the device , wait for drivers to load automatically and then open windows explorer : start > run > explorer and browse through the directories on your device , if your albums are stored locally on your phone and not an sd card . you pictures should be under : dcim\media\pictures this may be different depending on the device if you are on a mac . use the aforementioned application . simply download the app , install it , and plug-in your device . once the application recognizes your phone , you will be able to browse the phone 's directories . android file transfer
i tried vlingo for a while on my evo and was not impressed . it did not seem to offer any value to me above that provided by the built-in voice actions . i uninstalled it after trying it for a couple of months .
according to androidcentral and these xda posts , the photon 4g is specifically made to prevent access to at and t or t-mobile and an unlock code will not do anything . presumably so that if you are in the us and do not need to roam away from sprint , you can not switch away from sprint . the limitation does not appear to have been hacked around yet .
usually the presence of logcat_cp_boot_radio*.log files point to an issue with the phone 's modem . it is possible that when you first rooted the device you flashed a rom which contained a modem firmware that was either old , or slightly incompatible with your current carrier . besides amassing large amounts of these log files , you would see frequent disconnects and reconnects from cell and data services when the radio crashes and restarts . while you can always keep deleting the log files every now and then to free up the memory , the larger issue will persist . in order to resolve the root cause of the ril crash , you will need to install the proper radio firmware . these differ based on geographic location , and sometimes on the carrier . the first step is to find the modem version that is currently installed on your phone . you can find this information in settings -> about phone , under the " baseband version . " it should start with " i19100" , and then followed by some letters and numbers . the letters represent a geographic location : ce---> belgium , luxembourg , netherlands dc---> thailand dd---> india dx---> indonesia , malaysia , philippines , singapore , vietnam dz---> malaysia , singapore ja---> south africa jc---> algeria , morocco , nigeria , south africa , tunisia jp---> arabic , algeria , egypt , iran , iraq , kuwait , morocco , nigeria , oman , pakistan , saudi arabia , syria jv---> tunisia , turkey ug---> north america uh---> latin america , the caribbean xe---> bulgaria , estonia , kazakhstan , latvia , lithuania , russia , ukraine xx---> austria , belgium , france , germany , hungary , united kingdom xw---> austria , belgium , france , germany , hungary , italy , nordic , spain , united kingdom zc---> china , hong kong zh---> hong kong zs---> china , hong kong zt---> taiwan and the numbers represent the version , incremented alphabetically . you should find the latest modem version based on the country you are in , and then flash it on your phone using either odin , or recovery ( must be a custom recovery like clockworkmod or twrp , for example . ) a quick google search yielded this site which contains clockworkmod-formatted modems for the galaxy s2 i9100 variant for various countries . i am not sure how recent it is , but this should start you off in the right direction .
on my samsung device it is : home > > menu > > settings > > voice input and output > > text-to-speech settings > > driving mode
yes . do not worry . it usually restore in the same location . even if it does not it is not supposed to cause problems . you can always move them .
that should be the correct approach . as you noted , time sync needs a source -- so setting up a ntp server on the pc will provide this source . now you need to have some ntp client on your android device . searching google play for " ntp " brings up two of them right on the first page : clocksync ( i use this one , and am quite happy with it ; still running it with the default ntp server configured -- but in your case , you will have to change this : as you can edit the time server used , this should be no issue ) , and ntpsync - time synchronization are two examples running in the background . if you prefer something permanently visible , atomic clock wallpaper seems to be a candidate . just follow the search link for more candidates : )
it sounds to me like alkido 1.1 was bundled on your device as a system app . to remove a system app , you need root . there are two ways to address this easily , i would prefer #1 myself . method 1 uninstall alkido 2.0 . install titanium backup . run titanium and wait for it to load your app list . go to the app list and long-press on alkido 1.1 . choose " integrate with market " or similar . go to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications , find the market , and clear the data for it . open the market , go to your apps , and update alkido . if that does not work or you do not want to bother keeping alkido as a system app : method 2 install titanium . run titanium , long-press on alkido 1.1 . choose " uninstall " or similar . you should not need the " hack " version of uninstalling that it mentions , but you can try that if the regular uninstall does not work . alkido 2.0 will be unaffected if you did not uninstall it in method 1 .
the model does not matter , but the protocol does . the currently dominant standard is the qi standard ( pronounced " chi" ) developed by the wireless power consortium . this is the standard used by the nexus 4 , 5 , and 7 , as well as the galaxy s4 , and several htc , motorola , and nokia devices . other less used standards include duracell 's powermat system and the touchstone system used by palm and hp . none of these protocols are intercompatible . as a general rule , anything qi should work with anything else qi , however it may not work well . there are numerous shoddy charging pads on the market and the one you linked is probably one of them . it appears identical to one i purchased and it does not function well . the range is poor ( it will not charge through a case of any kind ) and it charges very slowly . i can not speak for the quality of the receiver they offer though .
you can use switchme if you have root , which i believe does all you ask
after connecting via usb and receive the message " connecting as installer " on your phone 's screen , make sure you are phone is not on the lock-screen and swipe down from the top ( or at least on my verizon device ) you can access " usb pc connection " settings under the " ongoing " tab . check one of two options , mtp or ptp . this would be the same pull-down where you would quickly alter various settings , view downloads and be able to link to recent notifications . this will effectively switch out of installer mode so that you can access your phone 's directory and that of any sub sequential micro sd card . hope this helps .
try using google search , works flawlesly on my magic to look for contacts in any way i like , you might need to update latest version from the market
i do not know whether tasker can meanwhile handle that itself , but it is at least doable with the right plugin . there is e.g. locale nfc plugin which could fill this gap . alternatives exist as well , like a modified version of anytag , which is used e.g. in this tutorial . for more examples , tutorials , and possibilities , i recommend a googlefu , ahem , search for " tasker nfc " , which brings up a lot of tuts and even youtube videos explaining different magical things to achieve this way .
all the methods you have tried , and the ones i have been reading for the past hour , exploit a circuit " bump " that should not even happen in the first place . if they do not work with your phone , be happy , your phone is not suffering from further defects . some i am referencing are : plug your phone to your computer using the usb cable . remove and add the battery several times to make the phone start booting : this video or this video . gently flick ( tap ) the back of the phone , right under the lens , with a finger . what you should actually do is to repair the phone , it costs a certain amount , but at least you get the problem fixed by professionals and can take preventive measures to prevent this from happening again . to repair , you can use nexus s power button repair or other near you . as a preventive measure , to avoid degrading the power button , you can use an app to lock/unlock the phone . with it , you will give less use to your power button , and in turn it may last longer . even if it gets broken again , with an app , you still have alternative methods of controlling your phone ( lock/unlock ) . fix broken power button by destil available from google play store . note : an app installed on your phone cannot power it on . so , if the power button breaks again , be sure to not let your phone 's battery get empty .
you have a prety good tutorial right here : [ gt-i9070 ] [ root ] rooting your galaxy s advance without increasing the binary counter
note that this is not guranteed to be the case with every update , and may vary from device to device . however , in every case i am familiar with , this has held true . ota/automatic updates ( and many but not all roms installed with a custom recovery ) will generally ignore anything inside the /sdcard/ directory . i keep everything in there and whenever i switch roms or update , that directory stays safe as long as whatever i am installing does not require a factory reset . devices with no physical sd card slot such as nexus , and kindle fires have treated that sort of as the default /home/user/ directory . downloads from chrome go to /sdcard/Download/ by default . music gets downloaded to /sdcard/Music/ etc . . . devices with a physical sd card slot seem to use that as the mount point for an inserted card . you can use it if you have a card inserted - otherwise , it is not available . some devices will be different . as izzy noted , the external sd card can have a different default mountpoint such as /sdcard/external_sd/ or something with /extSD/ . it could realistically be any point that the manufacturer or rom builder decides on . having said that , it is always a good idea to keep your data backed up . i have not had any emergencies , and my data in the directory has never been wiped when i was not expecting it , but it is always best to be safe .
the nfc feature does not sit in the battery , only the antenna does . nfc consists of : an integrated chip ( soldered onto the logic board ) an nfc antenna that needs free view to the phone 's back side ( antenna signals from the sticker on the back of the battery only need to pass the back cover ) if you look at the antenna you will notice how big it is . it is basically just a coil with 4 windings , see ifixit is teardown . nfc allows for passive devices ( credit cards and such ) which need to be fed energy from an active device through the antenna . some engineer decided its best fit would be as a sticker on the battery . there is only 2 positions where you can place it : back of the battery inner side of the battery cover ( like with the nexus s ) my guess is this : by placing it on the battery , the expensive and big 2-point connector ( as with the nexus s ) could be merged together with the battery contacts to make it cheaper ( and/or maybe more robust ) .
in the new google maps app we finally have this feature . from this post on the official google blog : enhanced navigation : in addition to current traffic conditions , we’ve added two new features to help you navigate around traffic . you can now see reports of problems on the road that you can tap to see incident details . while on the road , google maps will also alert you if a better route becomes available and reroute you to your destination faster . this feature is available only on android and is coming soon to ios . from http://productforums.google.com/forum/#!msg/maps/hl8uxvgrmce/6pfnmzp8tiqj once you are in the " navigation " mode , you will see a status bar on the bottom that gives you an estimate of time remaining to your destination . the text of the time remaining changes color based on the traffic situation . the colors correspond to the former colored traffic light dot . if the words are red , that means there is some serious traffic on your route . yellow indicates areas of slowed traffic . green indicates that there are no anticipated delays .
samsung 's kies software only works with samsung phones running official samsung roms . the only way to get kies working with your phone would be to put an official samsung released os version onto it again .
there are several steps/things you can do before you do advanced troubleshooting . most of the problems can be solved following these steps . backup your data . backup your data first ( of course , if possible ) . you do not need to risk it . keep it somewhere else . it is better to have backups for personal data and app data separately . try rebooting your device . you can use your power key or a third party reboot app keep your device switched off for a while . make sure you remove your sim card ( and the battery and sd card as well , if they are detachable ) and wait about 30 minutes . try freeing some space . you must always have some free space . it is better to have more than 50mb free so that the apps can work smoothly . ( some say it should be 2% of total memory ) try re-installing apps . if you believe your problem is caused by a specific app , try uninstalling and re-installing that app . also you can try clearing the app cache . it will give you some more space . no hardware fixes . do not attempt to quick hardware fixes unless you have clear understanding of what you are doing . and keep in mind that you will lose your manufacturer 's warranty by doing such fixes . update your os . make sure that the relevant updates are compatible with your device , referring to your manufacturer 's website . if you are still in the problem , you can try searching help for your problem or contacting your manufacturer 's customer support personnel . remember to do this before you go to factory resets .
in the current version you can do this easily &mdash ; just type in another name/number after the first as you would in the web interface . a comma appears automatically when you click on a suggestion , and all that good stuff .
my t-mobile vibrant ( samsung galaxy s ) just received a ota update from t959uvjfd to t959uvji6 . it appears that this may have fixed the problem you are describing . it no longer is a problem for me after this update was installed . it is also mentioned at the xda-developers site along with other changes that were included in the update .
well , i tried " business calendar " which seems a lot less flaky and is free , so i guess the answer is to switch to another calendar application .
holding the power button brings up the " power options " menu . in there you can choose the profile .
some apps will use the led to indicate that there is a notification . for instance , the led blinks green for me when i have received an e-mail message and blinks blue when twitter has a message for me . there is no consistency as to how to manage these , however . for instance google voice has it under Menu | More | Settings | Sync and notifications | Light , but no way to choose the color . gmail does not offer any way to control it .
what sticks out to me is that your battery status says " not charging " instead of discharging . i feel like your phone may recognize that the charger is plugged in , but may have some error in the battery/phone itself . i feel like your phone may just be translating the charger power directly into the phone itself , and is not able to charge the battery . if this is the case , it is a hardware issue . sorry that there is not much you can do .
alas , that is not possible . at least not without reflashing the htc 's partition table ( which happens to be in the bootloader section , aka . hboot ) . there is seemingly no modded hboot out there for the explorer . i only know of repartitioned hboots for the htc desire . reason : /cache is backed by a separate block device on all android devices ( i.e. . mount-point or partition ) , it is needed to hold firmware update files ( e . g . definitely needed for encrypted phones ) . so if you move it , there is no gain because that partition will still be there and not free up space for the /data partition . in case you shrink the /cache partition , ota updates will not be possible any more ( you had have to use a custom recovery to do it ) .
some people have had their device turn on the mass storage mode by itself . verify that you have not enabled Mass storage only mode in Settings -&gt; SD Card &amp; storage -&gt; Mass storage only , then reconnect and restart adb daemon .
on activation of a google account on your device , you will be asked whether you want to backup your data to the google cloud . while this must be explicitly supported by the apps to take effect for their data ( which only a few do ) , and thus will never be a complete data backup , many of your most private data will be affected here – amongst others your wifi aps including their ( plain text ! ) passwords , which even might lead to other issues beside privacy . but even if you answer this with " no " , your contacts , calendars , and more will be automatically sync'd with the google cloud without you being explicitly asked for . so here are some things you might want to consider . the list is definitly not complete , i certainly have missed some points ( and might add some lateron ) . " do you want to backup . . . " ( see above ) : this includes data of some apps which support it , a list of apps installed on the device – but also sensitive data such as configured wifi aps with their passwords in plain-text ( open issue #57560 ) in the sync settings of your google account , de-select what you do not want to sync . do this before entering any of your private data ( contacts , calendars , etc . ) , and remember you will have to re-do this after a factory-reset . side-effect : the less you sync , the less this can eat your data-plan . consider switching the default storage in your contacts/calendar/ . . . app from " google account " to " device " 1 android 4.4+: install an alternative sms app and make it the default one ( in settings→wifi you can chose which app to be used for sms ) to avoid your messages being mixed into hangouts . to be on the safe side , you can also disable sms support in hangouts . android 4.4+: install an alternative gallery app 2 to avoid your images being mixed with google+ ( looks like the separate gallery app will be gone soon as well ) . side-effect : again savings on your data-plan for not automatically syncing all your photos ( alternatively , photo sync/instant upload can also be turned off in g+ settings afaik ) . avoid services like google+ which are quite intrusive to privacy . if that is not an option for you , check their settings thoroughly , and opt-out from intrusives whereever possible . disable google maps and replace it by a good alternative . apps like the open-source osmand , oruxmaps , or locus map not only offer you much better offline capabilities , but also save your device 's juice by not constantly running in the background even without being explicitly started by you . if you followed all above suggestions , you now might as well think about disabling google now – it no longer can tell you it is "10 minutes to your parents " , or " you need to start to work earlier because of higher traffic " , as it does not know where ( or who ) your parents are , and where your work place is ( or what the traffic conditions are ) . and cannot give you advices like " buying this because your friends like it " . there are several more things you can do for your privacy , not being restricted to google 's services . if rooting is an option for you , things like xprivacy are definitly worth a look . a good starting point are our privacy tag-wiki and other questions tagged " privacy " . ps : turning wifi off when you do not need it ( with 4.3+ , remember there is also the " keep scanning for networks even if wifi is switched off " setting in settings→wifi→advanced to be considered ) could even protect you against being tracked by advertising trashcans . . . 1 there are alternative sync possibilities like owncloud , funambol , and others available 2 quickpic is a good candidate here
it is not clear whether you had flashed cwm 's recovery ( through boot image ) . if you had done , you have to press vol up and down while powering on . if not , you do not have a recovery mode at all . you have to flash it using fastboot as described in cyanogenmod 's how to install cm in sony xperia mini pro .
@liam 's comment in my question was correct . the max character value is hard-coded into the reader . apk file . therefore , the answer to my question is no . . . unless you modify the program itself . i made changes to the file to increase the limit ; details can be found at this xda forum post . because the solution required programming , i will not post the entire answer here , as programming is outside the scope of the android site .
i do not believe this is possible with the default contacts app ( and i do not know of any third-party ones ) . android 's language/locale support is very basic -- for example , your date format cannot be changed independently unlike , say , windows -- so i recommend filing a bug with google , hopefully it will be fixed in the future .
i believe android agenda widget is similar in functionality to the launcherpro calendar widget . it is quite configurable and has a wide range of widget sizes . also shows tasks from certain supported apps .
found the answer via this site : http://www.grc.com/cookies/forensics.htm third-party cookies are accepted by the standard browser and also by firefox .
the default kernel ( dark core ) is derived from the voodoo kernels , but the lagfix is disabled by default . for example , the v9.5 description on xda has the following note : new kernel > > dark core v1.0 inside ! i9000 , i9000m , i9000t only ( cappy users choose speedmod or skip kernel ) customized and built by ficeto [ team darky dev crew ] based on supercurio’s latest voodoo sound 6 , lagfix and color - thanks a ton , mr . supercurio if you install on top of a kernel with voodoo enabled already then you should be fine ( and i do not believe it will disable it , but you can re-enable if it does ) . there are a handful of threads on the darky forums that talk about some of the nuances to this , but here are a couple : the quick start guide - recurrent questions ( the " recommendations prior to flashing a rom " section talks about lagfixes ) . activate lagfix in 9.2 ? what is a lagfix and how to enable or disable it ( this one is kind of goofy but still helpful )
if you have a wireless lan and you just want to copy files around while the phone can still access the card then the simplest way is to install an ftp server on your phone like https://market.android.com/details?id=lutey.ftpserver there are probably similar solutions using bluetooth , 3g , etc .
do you use go launcher ? i do and if started happening to me after a recent update . it coincided with go trying to get me to download their company 's browser with a pop up . i am guessing it is not a coincidence . i have since removed go and it has not happened again . chalk it up to shady marketing .
your best bet would be to go with either launcherpro : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.fede.launcher my personal favorite , or adw : https://market.android.com/details?id=org.adw.launcher both provide customization to the dock ( set of icons at the bottom ) , number of homescreens , transitions , app drawer effects , as well as custom themes and widgets . note : there are free versions of both , but the paid versions add more features . while you can cover up some of what samsung has done , things like the notification bar and lockscreen are not affected by these apps . in some cases rooting and/or installing custom roms would be required to manipulate them .
there is a tool on google play called batman , which collects battery status information in the background and stores it into a csv file on sdcard . that done , you could use sync tools like e.g. foldersync to have the file uploaded to your linux machine in regular intervals , where you can have it processed by any tool you prefer . another variant ( a little more tricky ) could be using tasker to create the data : tasker offers the variable %BATT to give the current battery level in percent . it also supports things like http_post , so you could have tasker post the current battery level in fixed intervals , and let your server do the rest ( see the tasker userguide for details ) . note : tasker does not come for free , it is about 5 bucks . but you can download a free 7-day trial at the homepage for testing .
download the song and use something like audacity to edit it . save to your ringtones directory on your phone . nothing else out of the ordinary needs to be done .
what abaout http://www.appbrain.com/app/andar-model-viewer/edu.dhbw.andarmodelviewer also http://www.appbrain.com/app/model-loader-3d-lite/com.okean.modelloader3dlite this was let me appbrain search for you http://www.appbrain.com/search?q=3d+model
tap the gesture button to bring gesture drawing screen . on this screen , you can find a gear icon in bottom-right corner . tap it and you will find 1st option on next screen for changing position .
three methods available , depending from where are you accessing google : google play app usually uses the language defined on your device settings : tap your device " home" ; tap " settings" ; locate " language and keyboard " and tap ; under " select language " you can define the language for your device that is also used by the google play app as to present you the information on your language . accessing from a browser : the google play store sets the language by your ip address , you can update that definition by changing it at the footer ( it will persist ) : for all google products : from gmail , you can access your account settings and set the language that you prefer for google products : login to your gmail account ; on the top right corner , click " account" ; on the left vertical menu , click " language " .
you might be able to use a qemu based app like the one from motioncoding , but i can not see it running on anything other than very high end android devices . even then , i doubt a vm will work very well . . .
sounds like you are stuck in a bootloop . if you backed up your phone before you flashed the release , reflash that image . if not . . . well try reflashing the rom release . if this still does not work , flash an older version of cyanogenmod , or your phones stock , factory rom .
install repligo pdf reader and switch to Text Reflow mode . it has one of the best text reflow mode till date which displays images too . but , to read codes , you will have to fight again . another option : use ezpdf reader lite ( or pro ) and use its text column locking feature in landscape orientation ( to kick out blank margins and use large device height as width of pdf ) . i find it useful on my 4.0-inch screen even for the codes because it does not change formatting to reflow text . but , if your screen size is much smaller than my one , it would be useless to you . plus , both pdf readers feature voice reading . you can use that too .
according to the game 's official website , it is available " exclusively on iphone , ipad , and ipod touch " . the developer has chosen not to release an android version . they may do so at a later date . often with mobile games , the developer will release on one platform first ( usually whichever they are most familiar with ) to test how much of a market there is for the game , before porting it to the other platform .
you do not " unroot " per se with odin ; you just flash a stock , unrooted rom that wipes out everything currently on the phone . it should not matter whether you use odin or heimdall . note also that unrooting will not matter if you have flashed anything with odin , since that also voids your warranty and is recorded on the device .
open the google-maps application . select an area you want to save the map for . once the red pin appears you will have the street name at the bottom of the screen and the ' route ' icon . swipe this white box upwards . one of the options is Save map to use offline
since android uses linux as kernel /dev/kmem exists . it is a virtual character device file that is an image of the main memory of the computer . you can simply dump it with cat /dev/kmem &gt; file  but only as root .
see my answer to a similar question - the problem is that within the bluetooth ad2p profile ( for stereo quality audio ) android phones are not designed to be a " sink " ( a receiver of media ) only a source . you are right in that this is a limitation of the bluetooth stack on your phone , but so far the info i have found says that trying to alter the stack comes with moderate amounts of pain and compromise . perhaps you are more adventurous than i ?
i updated my phone to motorola system version 2.3.340 and it took care of this issue . steps to update : press the menu button from the home screen . touch `settings` touch `about phone` touch `system updates`
i do not believe android 2.1 allows this . i have read that the latest release android 2.3 ( gingerbread ) will have this feature . sorry i could not find the post that mentioned it but here is the api link .
make a backup uninstall the amazon copy install btep from the play store open titanium backup and select your btep backup . as long as the app is installed at the time , it will give you the option to restore data only :
here are a few ways to do it on a samsung galaxy s . drag down from the notification area . wi-fi on/off is one of the controls . long press on the home screen , select widgets then select Power Control . this widget also has a wi-fi on/off control . long press on the home screen , select Shortcuts , then Activities , expand Settings in the list that is displayed , then select Wi-fi settings . this will take you directly to the page with the list of available wi-fi networks . hopefully one of these will help .
short answer : you can only install roms compatible with your device longer version different android devices use different hardware , which requires special drivers ( e . g . the camera ) . those drivers are sometimes/often proprietary ( take e.g. sony , which almost made it into the aosp project -- but had difficulties due to those proprietary parts and thus had to back-out again : aosp only allows for non-proprietary , open source code , like its name suggests : android open source project ) . installing an incompatible rom , in the best case , makes components of your device unavailable ( they are simply not working ) . in the worst case , you might " brick " it ( it will not even start up ) . you might want to check the question where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ? to find roms compatible with your device . most times , there are several choices available to meet the user 's requirements : less " bloatware " but more performance , more fancy stuff , custom enhancements . . . so you still can make your pick . other recommended readings on this topic : are the custom rom different for different phones ? is there an official android “google” rom ?
i recommand you to install anysoftkeyboard ( available in android market ) , it a bloody good keybaord , by pressing 1 sec . on [ . ] key there is an additional key wit the three dots ! what i also find great in this keyboard is that you can install your country keyboard what the standard androïd keyboard does not provide . . . test it . . . you will adopt it !
summing up from the comments : with busybox , android provides tools for formatting from the command line . in your case , this would be /system/sbin/mkfs.vfat . this is reported to sometimes throw an error like : mkfs.vfat: lseek: Value too large for defined data type  according to this xda thread , this is the fault of busybox . using a different version ( as reported in post #12 of that thread ) should solve the issue -- and did it in your case , luckily .
if you have a rooted phone which i assume you do since you are on cm6 , see this post detailing how to change the font of the clock on the lock screen . basically you need to replace clocktopia . ttf in the /system/fonts folder with your desired ttf font ( remember to rename new font as clocktopia . ttf ) and reset permissions to be similar to the old file . if you are willing to use widgetlocker , there is the freeware make your clock widget beta - that will , as the name suggests , allow a user to customise and create a clock widget as per your taste . you can then use this custom created widget in conjunction with widgetlocker .
i had the same problem and had to try out a bunch of apps . in addition to what you were looking for , i was also interested in the possibility to add comments during the presentation using the s-pen of my galaxy note . all the apps listed below support full page view , so there are in principle an options for presentations . moon reader pro this is an excellent ebook reader . you have to pay for the full version , since the free version wont support pdf display . you can select full-page mode . by default there is no transition effect . you can also annotate while viewing . the pdf quality is very good and i have not seen any lags . tons of options . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.flyersoft.moonreaderp aldiko book reader also a very good ebook reader that supports pdfs . very much the same as the moon reader , but it wont allow annotations . also moon reader has more options . the main advantage is that this reader is free . so try this one out first . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.aldiko.android acrobat reader foxit and foxit mobile pdf lit both viewers are fast and allow annotations , but you cannot turn off the page transitions . very annoying for presentations . both apps are free . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.adobe.reader https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.foxit.mobile.pdf.lite pdf viewer this viewer was first slow , but one can change the options such that it performs okay . it has no page transitions , but it wont allow you to annotate . free . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=the.pdfviewer3
android tracks events that affect battery usage and stores this information in batterystats . bin file . some examples : length of time screen was on with a specific brithness setting which application ( or non android app process ) and how long held a wake lock ( prevents device from sleeping ) cpu usage per process ( android app or other process ) phone signal strength gps usage etc . android computes how much power each application or component ( e . g . screen ) uses based on configuration information included on the device by the manufacturer . not everything is measured so the statistics can be sometimes misleading , but it gets better with every android platform release . battery statistics can be dumped from the device using : adb shell dumpsys batteryinfo  here is interesting fragment of a post by diane hackborn with more details about wake locks power consumption : there are two ways power from wake locks is computed . on some chipsets , simply holding a wake lock needs to prevent the cpu from going to a full deep sleep . in the reported battery usage , this extra power use will be distributed across all apps holding wake locks . even if the wake lock itself does not cause power use , holding a wake lock in one app can allow other applications to run and cpu when they would not otherwise . ( for example , some app may have a { sleep ( 1 ) ; do something ; } loop that would not run if no wake locks are held . ) to address this , half of the cpu usage of applications is distributed to be blamed on the ones holding wake locks .
i have set my phone to english ( united states ) , but then i also customized date and time to use italian format ( dd/mm/yyyy ) . numbers do not seem to be customizable , plus some apps ignore date and time settings and use the ones from the main language , or allow to specify a format .
yes you can . there are a number of utilities around to do backup and restore , as well as other options . i recently moved from the htc magic to the desire hd . the way i did it was to use a free appbrain account . this has a few advantages , in my opinion : you can search for , read about and tag for installation , applications , on your computer , with a larger screen/keyboard etc . you can organise apps into groups if you have multiple android devices . you can share your apps with other people . you can check out appbrain at http://www.appbrain.com/ if you just want straight backup and restore , titanium backup , as mentioned by others , is a good choice . ( http://www.matrixrewriter.com/android/ ) you can also find both of them in the android market .
if you are rooted , use titanium backup . you will not be able to restore some things , since the nexus one and htc magic have some very different system apps , but most should carry over . after backing up with tb , copy /mnt/sdcard/titaniumbackup/ to your pc . then on the n1: install tb , copy the folder from your pc to the same location on the phone , then run tb and restore . if you are not rooted , it is difficult to back up most things , especially all at once . i would rely on google 's backup for your list of apps and that sort of thing , as the other answer suggests .
if the developer keeps releasing updates to the app as the same packagename and you already purchased the application previously , then should receive updates for the application for free . e.g. if you went and purchased my app then you should get updates so long as i keep updating this specific packagename of the app : net.mandaria.cardashboardpro however , i could at some point in the future decide that i want more money for the application and release a newer version of the application under a new packagename : net.mandaria.cardashboarddeluxe you would not get a free update to this app , even if it is technically the same application , i have chosen to release it as a separate app in the eyes of the android market ( which determines two applications to be different solely by their package name ) . however , i could still charge you for more money by including ( optional ? ) in-app purchases or subscriptions that did not previously exist without changing the package name . carrying the same example , i could still use net.mandaria.cardashboardpro but have an in-app purchase for the " deluxe " features . most developers will not do these things to users who have already purchased their application , but it is not impossible . once such example of a developer trying to charge for a newer version of his application was psx4droid . the backlash was so vicious from his users that he went back and updated the older ( version 1 ) of his app to the newer version ( version 2 ) . he now has to maintain three versions because of this ( version 1 and 2 , plus a free version ) instead of two . talk about a developer headache . so ultimately it depends on what the developer decides to do . in the majority of cases , the developer will keep supporting the same app and you receive the latest updates for free after your purchase .
from what i know ( and by no means am i an expert on rooting ) the phone with the red triangle is the standard htc recovery mode , not the clockworkmod recovery . so my guess is that your rooting method is not working correctly . so , what method are you using and is your desire branded / locked to a network ? when i rooted my desire a few weeks back , i struggled to get clockworkmod installed - i was using the unrevoked method . i ended up having to factory reset the device to be able to install it , which is always an option , but you will lose all your saved date ( i am having to replay all the angry birds levels ) .
see also : how can i stop applications and services from running ? first , i strongly caution against messing with this . if an app is hogging system resources or otherwise being a problem , uninstall it . android is designed to manage running services and apps automatically , and manual interference is tricky and can cause various problems . there are apps that claim to allow you to edit start-up processes ( example ) , but i do not trust them . many of them either do nothing or simply force close the app every time it starts . many services auto-restart so your phone will never sleep , the services will just be run and closed over and over . many of these apps do not require root , so i would be surprised if they could do anything at all . with root , you can use an app like autostarts to manage which apps are triggered by events . this is not quite the same as preventing apps from running at startup , but it can help prevent them from restarting after they have been killed . i recommend titanium backup for uninstalling system apps . make sure you do not remove actual android os apps/services , just third-party apps that have been protected ( e . g . bundled software like you had get on windows ) . some of these apps are more important than they appear ( i hear motorola phones have a lot of " useless " apps that the system relies on for no good reason ) , so use the backup feature of titanium first . ( note that if you break something badly , you may not be able to get into the phone to restore and fix it ! ) be very careful how you use all of these tools . if you remove or disable a system process , you can make your phone unusable .
i just did this ! /data/property/persist.sys.dalvik.vm.lib is a textfile containing one of two values : ' libart . so ' or ' libdvm . so ' . you can change from art to dalvik simply by editing this file . ex : adb shell ' echo libdvm . so > /data/property/persist . sys . dalvik . vm . lib '
there is a way to sync reminders to your android device described on cnet . the solution consists of two apps , smoothsync for cloud calendar and tasks . with this combination , you will have a separate reminder-style app that syncs with your icloud account . first buy and install smoothsync and add your icloud account to it . after this , install tasks and wait a couple of minutes for the sync to happen , and after this the setup is complete and ready to use .
try pressing the trackball instead of the power button .
there is a rather large number of speaking clock apps in the android marketplace . specifically , the " speaking clock " app seems to do what you are after , and it is free .
is it a google apps account ? if so , you need to flick some settings in the domain manager : Settings-&gt;Calendar-&gt;Share all information and/or Share all information, and outsiders can change calendars . have you tried going into the calendar settings and checking `share this calendar with others ' ? wait a while . google calendar settings changes often take a while to propagate , i have found ( at least with google apps ) . possibly because the server i am making my changes on is different from the server that my phone is hitting up .
i found myself an answer : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1918484 now only google play is installed without gmail , talk , . . . but i had to link my phone anyway to google .
swiftkey stores personalized predictions in the sd card but probabily in a hidden file . in order to change your predictions i think you should reset your typing data under advanced in the app . afterwards , you have to re-teach your expressions ( 3-4 times the same words ) . hope this helps
if i got your question correctly then yes yout art environment should not be changed . the script will run at flashing time will wipe dalvik cache and cache itself and will not touch your personal settings . so you are safe to flash the nightly as a dirty flash . however i have not flashed any latest aosp kk based rom but it should follow the same procedures as all custom rom does . i flashed many time dirty flash on my current device which is running on stock based custom rom and have no problem at all . i will suggest you to make a nandroid and make a dirty flash afterwards so if anything goes wrong you can restore your backup and start from scratch .
the maximum size allowable for an android app on the android market is 50mb . [ 1 ] the maximum size allowable for an iphone app on the app store is approximately 2gb . [ 2 ] to answer your question , when you download the android version of this game , you are downloading an application that will download all of the data files either to your phones internal memory or sd card . due to the nature of the game , this is likely to account for the majority of the size difference unless different compression methods are used for resources such as the sound , textures and 3d models . the iphone 's app store has a much bigger file size limit which in this case means that all of the resources can be bundled into the initial download . the phone will not have to fetch any additional resources . [ 1 ] http://support.google.com/androidmarket/developer/bin/answer.py?hl=enanswer=113469 [ 2 ] stackexchange-url
htc used to have a copy of the linux binary , but they changed their developers portal and now i can not find that one anymore , either . the only other pre-compiled version i have been able to find is here ( link originated from this thread on droidforums .net, which also has a link to a pre-compiled osx binary ) . i checked with readelf on my linux vm and it looks like it is a 64-bit binary , so i have also uploaded a 32-bit version to my dropbox public folder , and it can be downloaded here . this is the binary i use on my machine , which i believe i got from the aforementioned htc site that is now missing . aside from that , you can compile android from source to get it . . . but that is kind of a terrible solution for a single small binary file .
if you go to settings -> storage , then hit the menu button , you will find an item called usb computer connection . here you can set usb settings .
no one has answered my question , so i will share what i have learned with my own investigation . no , you have to uninstall updates from the manage apps menu selection from the home screen . i am currently doing this as a workaround . i did not find a way to email google and get an answer , but i did find their forums . the related question on their forums is at http://www.google.com/support/forum/p/google+mobile/thread?tid=0d337324bcc86a55hl=enfid=0d337324bcc86a550004b349bee9f864 there has been particiption in the discussion from a google employee , which is a good sign . also , version 6.0.0 is an improvement of 5.12.0 , but still not as good as 5.8.0 .
i think i have found the problem . the user has over 19 thousand emails in his inbox . i will check this as the answer once i have confirmed it ( he needs to clean up the emails first ) .
tunein radio has channels for bbc radio , other radio streaming apps probably have them too . tunein is a good app , the pro version even lets you record . i am not sure what other features the pro has over the lite version , but i use tunein daily .
archos deals with a special usb host cable for usb otg . perhaps you need it .
as discovered here , htc have removed the link to the training option in the settings menu . however , the actual feature remains intact so i have created a quick app to access it . please note that we do not know why htc took it out , they may have had a very good reason and i could be meddling , however i have used the training feature successfully on my sensation without any negative effects and the recognition is much improved . i have put the application on google code , the download link being here ( including cr code for devices ) . please note that all use is under the mit license - hope this helps others with the same problem ! also , the option seems to have been returned to it is normal position in the menu in the following android/htc versions : Android 4.0.3 HTC Sense 3.6 Software number 3.33.401.53  viewable in settings --> about phone --> software information
first , in the facebook app , under its settings , enable synchronization for all contacts . open up your contact list and select the google contact you would like to merge . then push the menu button and select " edit contact " . then hit the menu button one more time and select " join " . choose which contact you would like to merge it with and you should be good to go .
i have a htc desire , but i am assuming the menus/behaviour should be similar : settings -> language and keyboard -> touch input -> international keyboard select the languages you want to use . that should restrict the keyboard list to the ones you have specified .
alright , i went through the sourcecode and the answer is surprisingly obvious : yes , this can often be muted by simply using the volume keys while using the app or adjusting the volume of the media audio channel in the preferences . the media volume is used , regardless if the device is in normal , silent or vibrate mode . but it depends on where you bought your device if this works ( i guess ) , some devices enforce audio over a channel that can not be muted . more ( technical ) details : the camera app checks the device configuration ( system property ro.camera.sound.forced ) whether it should play the camera sounds over a system-enforced audio channel that can not be muted . if this setting is off , it uses the media and music channel instead . in case that it uses the music channel , it ignores when the device is in silent mode though . this might be a bug/small oversight by the authors . this is why you have to adjust the channel volume instead . i guess the property mentioned above is set depending on where you buy your device , since the sound is required by law in some places/countries as explained by eldarerathis in the comments .
you can get an almost stock jellybean experience using supernexus - i9100 . it is based off aosp and only has " improvements and optimizations " , but states it is still very near to stock . another option , while differentiating itself from aosp , is cyanogenmod . this is based on aosp , but includes a lot of extra features and improvements of aosp , while keeping the bloat to a minimum . as for instructions on getting it ready for a custom rom , the instructions on the cyanogenmod wiki tend to be fairly accurate and may give you the needed information to get you started . install cm for i9100 if you do not want cyanogenmod on your phone , replace step #2 in the last section with whatever rom you want to try ( like the one above ) . make sure you get the right gapps ( basic google apps including the play store ) unless your rom includes it ( most do not ) .
since android 4.2.2 , [ usb debugging requires authentication ] , something that is not possible during boot . to disable this , set the following property in default . prop ( inside initrd ) : ro.adb.secure=0  this enables adbd for a short time . it seems that some process is setting sys.usb.config=mtp . to work around that , i applied this patch ( perhaps only the start adbd part is necessary , i have only tested the below ) : you will not be able to get root ( su ) through this . for that , set : ro.secure=0  updating the initramfs block , the initramfs header field and the sha1 id ( header ) of the boot . img is not in the scope of this answer .
do you find any lag when opening applications or does it slow down when multitasking ? if no is your answer then it is a very normal behaviour . my phone has 1 gb of ram but more than 600 mb is always occupied and it does not lag anytime . you can read about ram management in android in so many developer forums if you had like to .
it is fully possible to do that if the charge-from device has usb on-the-go ( otg ) support . you just need a usb otg host cable ( like this one ) , which you connect to the charge-from device , then plug a normal micro-usb cable into that , then into the device to be charged . the only obstacle you may run into is current limitations . a usb otg port almost certainly will not provide as much current as an all-up usb port , much less a charger . best case , this will mean that the charging device will charge slower . middle case , you will not get enough current to charge the device while it is powered on . worst case , the charge-from device will simply say " you are drawing too much current . you are cut off . "
nova launcher apex launcher trebuchet ( cm9 's official launcher ) as far as i know , you must install all of these to /system ( which requires root ) in order to have widgets appear in the app drawer , and trebuchet does not support being installed to /data at all .
redphone and textsecure from whispersystems are the best way to achieve encrypted voice and sms on android . those two apps just work ( tm ) and are extremely user friendly .
the gmail app already appears to do this on a per-account basis . simply open an account , then navigate to (Menu button)-&gt;More-&gt;Settings-&gt;Select Ringtone . this works fine on my version ( 2.3.4.1 ) and allows me to set a different ringtone for each account . you can also use this to cause some accounts to provide vibrate/audible notifications while others do not . for example , my work account is set to vibrate " for all notifications " , but my other accounts have their vibration set to " never " .
that is normal behaviour for the sim card phone book , not just for android , but on older dumbphones too . i remember my old nokia 3310 took about a minute after booting before the phone book ( and other sim card functions ) became available . the problem was not really noticeable on early android phones because they took so long to boot anyway . while the phones are a lot quicker now , the sim cards are still the same old technology . if you want to get at them more quickly , either leave your phone turned on , or copy them to the device .
offline data saving is supported on android , you can see this if you go into your browser , select settings , advanced settings , website settings and you can see which websites are using your offline cache , as well as which are using other advanced access like gps . to create an icon for a website on your home screen : once you have created a bookmark in your browser for the page , you can go to your home screen , long-press on a bit of spare space , select shortcuts , bookmark and pick that one . that should give you an icon straight to that page .
sms gateway from the android store does exactly what you want . periodically checks for e-mails via pop3 and send them via sms . send sms by http get request on its internal webserver . forward received sms to desired e-mail via smtp . forward received sms by calling remote webserver via http get .
that recommendation from the seller was true for old batteries , and it seems they still keep saying that to customers ! nowadays , batteries are often Lithium-Ion or Lithium-Polymer and such batteries ( as i have read many times and based on my own experience ) would be stronger if you charge them often . the first time charging and " wait-until-full-discharge-before-recharge " and " do not-use-when-charging " are not applicable to these modern batteries . li-ion and li-polymer batteries , if charged often , after about 1 month , would reach to their maximum performance , and you are recommended to charge them every time you find an outlet ! in stock help application of my sony android device , in a section about battery life , it reads : charge your phone often , this will not affect the lifespan of the battery .
i managed to unbrick my phone eventually . tried to use rsd lite with several images , but it would give an error and then the application would crash and leave my bootloader corrupt . i tried all the schemes i could find including : loading the image from root of c : , disabling uac , etc . , but nothing worked . then i tried sbf_flash on linux with the same image , and it worked like a charm , no errors , and my phone was up and running again . so for anyone else who may encounter this problem , i warmly recommend using sbf_flash , it is incredibly simple to use .
go to : Settings -&gt; Accounts and sync  do you see a flickr account there ? if so , either make sure you are using that account with the gallery or try deleting that account and trying the gallery again .
your phone ( karbonn a10 ) does not have storage space available . it has 512 mb available only for the system and the applications binaries ( and their data ) . you can not store media files or any file that applications want to put on a sdcard on this memory . so , for this phone , you need a sdcard for all functions to work . ( but it is not true for all android phones )
no , they do not behave differently if you do not use the original charger . i have a samsung phone that has never even seen its original charger , along with some nexus devices in similar conditions , and they do not suffer from slowdown or anything like this . more likely , your phone is running low on internal storage , or you have recently installed an app that hogs the phone 's cpu or ram . there are lots of questions on the site about troubleshooting and debugging that kind of slowdown . start by looking at the list of running apps in the phone 's settings , browse those questions , and maybe ask a new one if you find something more specific .
this is a known bug in android ( even in certain eclair systems ) . there is a widget called headset blocker that when added to any of your homescreens and activated prevents the music player from playing whenever you unplug your headest . freeware and it works . see if it helps .
no , the android emulator does not emulate specific socs such as tegra 2 , and it does not support nvidia 's instruction set extensions .
in the mean time i got 2.3.7 up and in case someone needs another solution - now i use power widgets to toggle screen lock on and off manually . when i am on my home network , i use wifi unlocker to keep the screen lock turned off while the connection is on . works very nice . edit : after upgrading to 4.2+ i simply started using built-in android profiles . screen lock types can be set there and can then be easily switched through the " long-press-power-button-menu " .
sms popup will create a modal dialog box on your screen when you receive a text message . you can make it turn the screen on too if the phone 's screen is off . handcent ( full sms replacement app ) also has a similar feature built into it .
you can get this functionality with these launchers : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.sudomakemeanapp.sudoquicklaunch http://www.droid-life.com/2013/01/23/lmt-launcher-brings-pie-goodness-without-the-custom-rom/
you have two choices here : edit the stock kernel ( or the kernel you are using ) to enable init . d support or edit the init . rc use a custom kernel with init . d support already enabled . i would suggest the second option as is far more easier to achieve . once flashed a kernel with init . d support , you can add all the scripts you want to the folder that will be executed at boot time . the folder is located in /etc/init.d and all scripts inside that folder will be executed in order . for example , if you have : /etc/init . d/10-startup-daemon /etc/init . d/50-mount-extra-partition they will be executed in the same order i have typed them . you can change the order by changing the number at the begining of the file .
in my opinion , the word scanning in this context is a misnomer . basically the camera and the flash are the key hardware components involved in this operation . the camera does not go into burst mode and instead takes only one good shot . the rest are the magic of software algorithms that straighten , finds boundaries and brightens and de speck the image . the app camscanner supports creating documents either from image or capturing with camera . higher camera resolution , the ability to autofocus and presence of flash ( in absence of ambient light ) are the features that are to be looked for . for shooting an a4 size with text printed with font size of 12 , a 5 mega pixel resolution is needed and with 3.2 mega pixels , i am able to capture a5 sized papers with very decent quality - observed from my experience .
the cyanogenmod wiki has some info on this . basically , their old version of apps2sd ( now called apps2ext ) required an ext partition on the sd card . their current version does not require partitioning , it is just a matter of overriding the preference of the app and moving it to the sd card anyways . since froydvillain is based on cm6 , you do not need to format your sd card ; cm6+ uses the new apps2sd , not apps2ext .
an application files consist of apk , dex , lib and data files . link2sd can only move the first three types of files to your sd card . program like google+ has huge data files so even after using link2sd they take up precious space of internal memory . when you move app to sd , only the apk file ( in android 2.2 ) and only the apk and lib files ( in android 2.3 ) are moved .
this app allows you to set duration of vibration vibration notifier makes sure that you don’t miss important email and sms messages this app allows to have settings based on conditions such as in a dock with locale and the dock plug-in condition , your phone can automatically perform actions based on whether it is docked in the car , desk , or undocked . automatically launch an app with the shortcut plug-in when docked at home , enable bluetooth in the car !
i am not sure exactly how you use the select all feature , but i think an effective way to mitigate your need for this is to go crazy with filters , labels , and the priority inbox . having your gmail account sort your e-mail into highly specific labels for you and carefully tagging everything as either " important " or " not important " will keep the number of e-mails you see at any one time to a reasonable amount most of the time . there are a ton of great tips in this article from lifehacker that i have used both on the web interface and on my gmail app . oh , and submit a feature request to google . ; - )
after enough frustration with this issue i actually moved to a custom rom . this mainly happens due to rotation as mentioned by colin i used to face this issue when i had the phone in landscape mode , in an app and then locked the phone ! when it came back on there was major juggling and it used to end up this way ! software fix : pray that samsung fixes it ! or get a custom rom ! temporary fix : 1 ) dont lock your phone without exiting an app in landscape mode sorry but this was what i used to do , given s2 is a pretty old phone i highly doubt an official fix for it .
the rootfs ( / ) as well as /system have to be mounted with rw permissions . so , to check for that execute # mount |grep -i rootfs and # mount |grep -i '/system' if you do not see rw for the permissions , do # mount -o remount,rw / and/or # mount -o remount,rw /system
since your device is pretty new there is almost no way it is actually the battery ( unless it is a defective battery ) . it is probably a rouge application . try turning off your device and turning it back on . you should try to reboot your device at least once a week , it will clean up any memory leaks and will help keep system applications from crashing . if restarting does not help , then let the battery die all of the way ; then , let the device charge all the way before turning it on . if you are still having problems then it is either a system app that is getting hung up on something and hogging cpu , or it is a defective battery . you can check how much battery each application is sucking up by going to : settings --> battery information --> battery use that is where it is on my phone at least , it should be in a similar location for you as well . in the case of a defective battery , as long as you have not tampered with the device at all , it is covered under your warranty with the manufacturer . just bring it back to your mobile carrier store and they should be able to handle it for you with no problems . edit : you can use a task killer to kill a rouge process on android . a rouge process could eat up battery especially if it is doing things like using wifi . i had this one development phone that i would charge , and then it would be in my pocket and it would start burning my leg because it would get so hot . it was a rouge system app that was constantly getting stuck in some sort of network loop whenever i was connected to wifi . i usually just restarted my phone , but i would on occasion just kill it with a task manager . here is ( in my opinion ) the best task killer on the market ( for free ) : memory booster - ram optimizer a restart about once a week will keep your phone functioning correctly . this will also clean up any possible memory leaks as well . you should not use a task killer to end an app that is not hogging cpu , android should take care of all of that stuff for you . friends do not let other friends use task killers .
this was a semi-known issue on 4.5.585 gingerbread ( verizon 's first official gingerbread update ) . rebooting the phone when it happens was the only remedy . the problem ( i too was affected ) appears to be fixed in the latest verizon update . ( 4.5.602 )
pure calendar widget ( not free ) has an option for how many days ahead to show calendar/task entries for . there is an option for 2 days that would suit your needs perfectly . note that you will need a supported app to sync the tasks from google ( gtasks , astrid , etc . ) see the list of supported task apps here .
if you delete a file from your mobile device , the file remains on your online storage . to have the file permanently deleted , you need to delete it from your online dropbox account , accessing it via their website . i have just run this exercise ( to prove the theory ) : take photos ; sync dropbox ; delete photos from my device ; access laptop ; photos were downloaded ; access dropbox website and login to your personal account ; delete photos ; photos were automatically removed from laptop and a notification was presented asking if i wanted to undo the operation .
you can install the terminal emulator from google . alternatively there is the better terminal emulator pro . i tried the terminal emulator on a non-rooted phone and it seemed to work fine . better terminal emulator pro includes the dropbear ssh client , which can be launched from the command line or via a launcher . more info from the authors .
the new uhs-i card your phone comes with a microsdhc form factor , and according to scandisk , their cards are compatible : sandisk ultra® microsdxc™ uhs-i card : see specifications tab available capacities : 8gb , 16gb , 32gb , 64gb performance/speed : up to 30mb/s read speed ; write speed lower compatibility : compatible with all microsdhc [ or microsdxc ] supporting host devices sandisk extreme pro® microsdhc™ uhs-i card : see specifications tab available capacities : 8gb , 16gb performance/speed : up to 95 mb/s ( 633x ) read speed ; write speed up to 90 mb/s ( 600x ) compatibility : compatible with all microsdhc supporting host devices since the form factor remains the same , there is no problem here . your device your device , while capable of reading , will be unable to take advantages over this new card speeds . mainly because this technology is new and the os simple was not prepared for it . on a personal note : do not spend your money with this card on that specific phone . you will have no gain from it .
the solution was to wipe and reflash the rom . i guess the earlier rom i had was just messed up as far as usb is concerned .
skype today released skype 1.0.2 , and mayor change is support for samsung galaxy s . maybe this will affect your phone too . update and see
i am such an idiot . a picture is worth a thousand words : when i bought my device , about a year ago , i turned on the feature " sim change alert - send sms when sim card is changed " . i completely forgot about it later , and it only came back to me today . of course the recipients i defined were my own number and my wife 's . the lead i followed was @roxan 's comment , which raised the suspicion about the mobile tracker app . a google search led me to this forum post that describes this security feature , and when i read it i recalled that i turned it on . despite this incident , i actually still think this is an excellent feature that can really help in case my device will be stolen , but i just have to remember to turn it off before i change the sim card myself . . .
the dolphin browser has an option to turn off images . i believe most versions of the stock browser have this capability as well . the 4.0.4 version can disable images via Settings -&gt;Bandwidth management -&gt; Load images , and i am pretty sure that the gingerbread browser had this capability as well .
if you have spare parts installed there is detailed information in there about the state of the battery . also , you can find out what is the application that is sucking up most of the battery via settings > about phone > battery use .
the Common: Better support for mouse and usb keyboards found at the changelog refers to all devices supported , meaning that there was an overall improvement on the usb support for mouse and keyboard devices . but take into account that the words " better support " means that there was an improvement , but it may still be buggy on certain devices under specific situations . as a side note : to your particular case , you are referring that you have a huawei u8160 , but on the changelog , the support goes for huawei u8150 . so , it may not be fully supported with or device . relevant links : the changelog can be found at : github - cyanogenmod cyanogenmod forums : cyanogenmod 7.2 released ! ( 2012-jun-16 ) wikipedia : list of devices supported by cyanogenmod
stock download app is unable to detect changes to download folder . it will keep only a list that it is given for download .
the typical audio only jack has 3 rings , usually call tip , ring , sleeve ( trs ) . these typically map to left , right , and ground . phone manufactures wanted to make this jack work with existing headphone so they used a connector with 4 rings , called tip , ring , ring , sleeve ( trrs ) . these map to left , right , and ground just like the 3 ring , but the final connector maps to a microphone . this makes it so that if you plug an audio only cable into it , the microphone input gets connected to ground so nothing is hurt . it also means that if a headset with microphone is connected to an audio only device , the microphone is connected to ground , also hurting nothing . sources : what protocol does a headphone jack use ? leads direct : jack plugs and sockets
for non-rooted phones . up until 2.1 it is not possible . regular apps do not have the permission to perform full wipes or factory restores . i believe there are apps that erase your call/sms records and your contacts . starting with 2.2 , it seems google is granting limited root powers to apps that use device administration . it is supposedly a way for enterprises to policy their employee 's phones , and requires an extra confirmation by the owner . but i believe it could be used by anyone writing an app . in fact , the code for wiping seems so simple that i think you could write an open-source app yourself if you have some programming background . ; - ) for rooted phones . there are remote wipe apps , but i do not believe any of them is open source ( that i have heard of ) . remote wipe for root users is possibly the simplest one , and it is in the market , but i have never tried it myself . this app is no longer on the market .
ensure you properly dismount the phone storage from your computer , and then have your phone mount it , before disconnecting usb .
have you tried formatting your sd card in a dedicated reader , as opposed to doing it directly on the phone ? most phones ( and even most laptops ' built-in sd card readers ) have problems writing sd card partitions . i usually format my sd cards in a stand-alone card reader hooked up to my pc via usb . also , it is probably worth re-partitioning it with partition editor from ubuntu livecd .
download the latest cwm recovery available for your phone from here , put it in the root of your sd card , reboot into recovery ( power off and press and hold some key combo , that depends on your phone ; google for instructions ) and flash it . you can also try twrp , another popular custom recovery . let me know if you need any clarification !
yes , totally normal . this is the ui 's way of telling you that you have reached the edge .
if you to settings --> apps --> all , is it in the list of applications ? if so , click on it , click uninstall , and then try to reinstall it from the market . it is also possible that the market is incorrectly showing it as installed . if this is the case , try going to settings --> apps --> all --> market , click force stop , then clear data . the open the market again and see if google voice is still listed as installed , and if not , install it .
pa-gapps has packaged the necessary support files , which are flashable as a zip . you can use just the google camera module . hdr support files from the nexus 5 factory image have been added to all gapps packages . this may help users who prefer to install google camera from the play store [ stock/full/mini/micro ]
it depends on your needs : do you want to conserve battery ? then underclock the cpu do you want better performance ? then overclock the cpu typically there are different kernels that you can flash for your device . different kernels offer different clockspeeds . some of them will also under volt your phone to consume less power . the disadvantage of undervolting is that the phone may not be able to run faster clockspeeds . additionally , your phone may not overclock to the same speed as another phone due to one processor being physically different than another processor ( no two processors are made 100% exactly alike . when overclocking you are stepping beyond the bounds and specifications that your phone was designed to run at ) . what will happen is your phone will enter a boot loop if it is unable to run the kernel at a specific speed ( you will have to flash a new kernel or revert to a previous nandroid backup ) . i do not know of specific kernels for the g1 , but for example there is a set of kernels by chevyno1 for the droid1 . the general steps are : run a nandroid backup choose a voltage : ultra low , low , or normal start with the kernel with the lowest overclocked speed flash that kernel . use setcpu to set the clock speed to the max . if the phone remains stable , then choose the next kernel with the same voltage with a slightly faster clockspeed and try to run it at its max speed . if the phone does not remain stable , then revert to your last nandroid backup or the last kernel that ran stable on your phone
after you enter the starting point and destination , the app gives you the possible routes . on that screen the best route has a start navigation option ; selecting this causes the app to crash . instead select the route you prefer and then hit the start arrow at the bottom right corner . works for me .
i was able to figure this out after troubleshooting . i partitioned out my hdd and installed ubuntu 13.04 . once completed i installed android tools via terminal sudo apt-get install android-tools-adb i recreated the entire boot animation using gimp and 7zip and pushed it back to the device adb push /system/media/bootanimation.zip . it worked . for what ever reason creating it in windows was not working .
/etc/hosts does not allow wildcards ( see here : http://serverfault.com/questions/118378/in-my-etc-hosts-file-on-linux-osx-how-do-i-do-a-wildcard-subdomain ) . two more links about /etc/hosts : howto configure your hosts file : http://www.linuxhomenetworking.com/wiki/index.php/quick_howto_: ch03 :_linux_networking#configuring_your_ . 2fetc . 2fhosts_file large example file with nice intro header : http://someonewhocares.org/hosts/ small android app that allows you to add an entry to the hosts file ( requires root ) : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.pof.add2hosts
my phone is also on 2.3.3 . the updates get pushed out depending on a number of factors including region ( as mentioned by crashhh in his comment ) and carrier . from my understanding , often the releases will be controlled by the manufacturer ( and in the case of samsung and most others , customisation occurs ) . once the manufacturer is ready to support it in a particular region , it will release the software to the carriers . many carriers will also make their own modifications ( and add their own bloatware ) . only once this process is complete , will the update be available in kies . with the release of gingerbread in australia from my carrier , i know that the release went back and forth between samsung and the carrier a few times , delaying its release to customers . i am speculating , but the update you received may have been some sort of patch to the manufacturer/carrier specific software , and therefore i would not expect it to increment the version number of the os .
you just got case of failed update . try to have look at this article and see if you can get it sorted
this simple app creates " false apps " . we can assign a shortcut to a " false app " . if we click on the " false app " , the shortcut will be executed : shortcut launcher in google play app store
summing up from the comments : first you need to understand that updating apps works different on android than it does on a " normal " linux distro : there is no such thing as " apt " . though android has its own package manager ( listening to the pm command ) , installs/updates are usually dealt with by services/apps like google-play-store or other alternative-markets . pm would rather be comparable with dpkg on debian-based systems : it can do local installs ( i.e. . with the .apk file already present on the device itself : pm install would be the command for that ) , and a lot of other things . apart from that : a terminal app can be compared with a terminal on linux allright . you get a text-mode " window " where you can execute commands . most are even similar to those available on linux , as android is linux based : you have things like cd , ls , grep , and more . for details on this , you might wish to take a look at e.g. ten basic android terminal commands you should know ( androidcentral ) using the terminal ( xda ) android terminal commands ( xda ) android shell command reference ( github ) our command-line tag-wiki a look into our terminal tag-wiki will not hurt either : ) i would say all terminal apps available for android should support the above . some even offer additional features , such as an entire development environment ( terminal ide ) , or access to remote servers ( juicessh ) .
i managed to find the answer , although i do not really understand why or how . if anyone can add on to why working directory matters , i will greatly appreciate it . in my c program , i have to do a chdir ( ) to /data/misc/wifi , then do the execvp ( ) . where wpaparmlist is the args to wpa_supplicant . thanks for your help ce4 !
you cannot simply edit the hosts file on android , as it resides on a read-only file system : /system/etc/hosts , see : how to edit etc/hosts file how to change the hosts file on android alternatives are : use a dns server like dnsmasq in your local network to take care for that " centrally " use " root powers " to force-edit the system file as described above install a " local dns server " on your android device to use that , e.g. dns server
you probably will not be able to access much of your internal storage via the web browser . the url you mentioned , file:///sdcard/ , consists of two parts : the protocol ( file:// ) , and the path ( /sdcard/ ) . so basically , you just have to change the path accordingly . you can check with a file manager what the path to the desired destination is .
backup your phone this is important if you wish to keep any data from your phone . you will have to restore backed up data ( such as apps ) after you update . the only way to update to the latest software is to erase your device , so backup whatever you do not want to lose . extract the . zip file , which you can download from this androidforum thread or this xda thread . open the folder and install msxml 4.0 sp3 parser ( msxml . msi ) . once that has finished , install lgandroiddriver_whql_ml_ver1.0_all_win7 . exe which are the drivers so your computer will recognize your phone . windows xp users download this driver , extract the contents anywhere ( e . g . desktop ) , right-click on the ' android_usb . inf ' file and click ' install ' . next , open kdz_fw_upd . exe ( i ) change ' type ' to '3gqct ' this is a must , the update will not work otherwise and you may brick your phone ( ii ) make sure ' phonemode ' is set to ' diag ' ( iii ) browse for the ' v20b_00+fastboot . kdz ' file . prepare the phone by enabling usb debugging by going to settings> applications> development> enable usb debugging and connect the phone to the computer via usb cable and wait for the drivers to install for the phone . sometimes the computer still will not recognize the phone , if this is the case , try this : windows vista and windows 7 users press start and type device manager ( windows xp users right click ' my computer ' and click properties , then click the hardware tab and click device manager ) then locate lge android platform modem , right click it and click disable . accept any warnings that come up . also , make sure you have disabled mass storage mode on your phone . to do this , go to settings> storage> enable mass storage , and untick the box . click ' launch software update ' and do not use your computer until the update is complete . the update will take roughly 10-20 mins to complete . this method was found in the androidforums . there is also a youtube tutorial on rooting the gt540 . bricking is always a possibility when modifying software that does not come directly through the intended channels that said , the methods here have been proven to work and your risk is significantly less if you perform these steps correctly . let us know if you need any help !
you can always perform a speed test and check for packet loss ( speedtest .net, pingtest ) alternatively , you can try calling the skype voice testing service which should be in your contacts from before , and if it isnt there the username is echo123 i belive .
edit : to only sync the calendar you first have to switch off everything else : go to settings -> accounts -> your google account and un-check all the sync targets you do not want ( chrome , gmail , drive , contacts , . . . ) /edit then you can take care of when to have it sync . generally , this is left to 3rd party apps . you can always pick your favourite 3rd-party app to get that feature , and there is a ton of it . some samples : juicedefender ( free/plus/ultimate/beta , you will probably have to buy ultimate for the feature you want ) tasker llama ( not sure if it supports your use case ) or just search google play for ' profile sync schedule ' ( or similar ) the latter two examples are somewhat complicated to set up but are very powerful . i would try juicedefender .
this greatly depends on the dialer application you are using . on stock " vanilla " android that ships with google/aosp dialer app , there is no such option , and you will have to find a 3rd-party dialer app that has such a feature ( e . g . dialer one or pp , for example . ) some manufacturers like samsung and htc replace the default dialer app with their own that has many more features , and may already include the one you are looking for ( grouping records by caller . )
system application are odexed , which means the code part it extracted and kept separate and also some crucial parts of the application are kept in framework . jar . if you want to copy your freshly-compiled application to your phone , you have to deodex it first , which restores the missing parts and only then you may replace /system/settings . apk with your new file . and , please , make sure you delete old /system/settings . odex file , otherwise it will not work . as usually , it is recommended to save old settings . apk/odex files just in case when something goes wrong .
most probably , there is no way . your tablet screen and your tv screen use different resolutions and refresh rates , which is generally too much to handle simultaneously for the graphics chip in your tablet .
technically , you do not need root if you have an unlocked bootloader . even if it is locked , you do not need root , you just need an exploit to change the recovery to install cm9/cm10 . usually , the first thing that people do when an exploit is identified is " root " the device but flashing a different recovery and flashing a different rom is also possible . root happens first because there are little or no modifications that have to be made except put the su binaries on the device . the galaxy devices , from my experience is actually pretty easy to " restore to stock " if you so choose . it does require a little research to find the stock rom files and the use of odin ( or hemidall ) . once you have the stock files that can be used with odin , it is rather simple to restore to " stock " with cm9 and later , you do not have to have root enabled . on top of that , you can change that when ever you want . you can also specify if you only want to allow apps to have root access , only adb , or both .
this could be achieved with tasker : you can create a " task " performing the HTTP_GET you need , and then create a shortcut to that task on your homescreen ( the same way you had create any other shortcut there : tasker task shows up in the list of available shortcuts , and lets you select the task to create the shortcut for ) .
it is possible that you are long-pressing the icon and then sliding it over to the other screen . this is also how you could put it back where you want it without deleting and re-adding the icon/widget . several times i have inadvertantly rested a finger on the keyboard long enough to bring up the menu .
odin is an internal samsung tool used for flashing firmware to their devices ( via download mode , bypassing recovery etc . ) . importantly , it also has the ability to repartition the device storage based on a . pit file , which can save you from softbricking ( when flashing goes wrong and recovery/the bootloader fail ) . it is not open source and to my knowledge they have not intentionally released it &mdash ; a few versions have been leaked . for what it is worth , i have used the version posted here without issue . heimdall , however , is open source and duplicates the functionality of odin . it claims to be more reliable as well , in addition to being cross-platform ( odin is windows-only ) . both tools appear to work best with galaxy s devices , so if you are using another device you probably want to ensure someone else has tried it and succeeded . another note is that they use . tar packages layed out differently than the normal update . zip format used by recovery and otas , so you need to get the proper package for it to work .
make sure your device is connected . open Device Manager . in USB Devices , find a SAMSUNG composite device ( can not capture a screenshot because it goes away ) . right click , choose Uninstall and make sure to check " get rid of that sheet of driver software " . . . well . . . i mean " delete driver software too " . disconnect and reconnect usb , or clik detect devices button windows detects the phone and installs the plain old mtp driver . optional step : report to samsung optional step 2: upvote : )
i am also a user of samsung galaxy s2 . mine is rooted but all the indicators of your phone are pointing to a hardware problem . there is most probably a short-circuit like instantaneous electric jumps inside the motherboard . most of your problems can be answered rationally by uncontrolled electric jumps . for instance plugging the usb cable ( namely a power source ) directly starts the phone , indicating that there is a short circuit which transfers the usb power to the power button of the phone whereas they should be insulated . when you power-off the phone , it restarts . this may be explained with a short-circuit of the phone 's battery with the power button . so on and so forth . . .
in settings , go to developer options and un-check the show cpu usage :
do you have an app called " voice changer " installed ? i have read that it can cause this . also if you have google voice installed , do you have it set to " never dial with google voice " ? if those are not the cause , do you have any other " phone linking " apps or " sip dialers " etc , remove them and see if your issue stops .
doing a full Clear Data on the default browser ( " internet " on the incredible ) worked for me . just make sure you have your other bookmarks backed up ( for example , using an app such as backup bookmarks could be used to back them up to sd ) . the steps should look something like this : settings > applications > manage applications > all > internet > clear data edit : as mentioned in the comment below , bookmarks manager allows users to delete the default browser favorites/bookmarks . note that the crossed-out portion of this answer would erase things such as history , entered text , etc . however , apparently not the default bookmarks .
this issue is fixed as of gmail 2.3.5.2 .
the android system does not natively support any kind of resume after a full shutdown . individual apps can save their state at any time and restore that state when the app is loaded , but the android system cannot store its state or the state of all of the apps for a shutdown . theoretically speaking , the kernel could probably be modified to support some form of hibernation but the stock android system does not .
yes , i did that myself , like this : power the phone off and remove the old sd card mount the old sd on a pc , copy its entire contents somewhere on your hard disk mount the new sd card on a pc , format it as fat or fat32 ( make sure it is the same file-system as the old one ) copy the contents of the old sd card onto the new one insert the new sd card into the phone , power it on .
definitly not ! that is nothing like what a developer needs . and a developer requiring you to send that i would avoid in the future as well . all that might be needed can be provided by e.g. adb bugreport ( which is the most comprehensive data collection known to me to be useful for a developer concerning his development ) . requesting all your addresses is harvesting , and rather used for spamming . tl ; dr : i would not send that information . you might contact that dev and ask for an explanation , and then maybe decide different . but i cannot believe this being a " mistake " or simply " carelessness " .
please check the place where you downloaded the rom from , it usually contains installation instructions . in most cases , these roms use the update.zip mechanism of the recovery mode , as matthew mentioned . you might need a custom recovery ( see clockworkmod and twrp and their tag-wikis , clockworkmod resp . twrp , for examples ) . the process then usually is as follows : copy the .zip to your sdcard boot into recovery-mode select to " apply update from sdcard " navigate to and select your .zip let it flash go back to the main menu and select to " reboot device "
i have seen something similar when an app is installed in someone else 's profile but not my own , so make really sure you do not still have it installed in any other profiles .
barsent . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . weird name , i know right ! barsent is a simple and free app that lets you set a predefined number in the options and then any subsequent barcode scan results will be sent to that number instantly without any prompts . the barcode reader by zxing team is however required for this app . get it here ! click here to download the barsent apk ( not available on market ) alternate link or scan the code below from your phone to instantly download the apk remember to turn on " install from unknown sources " in your options ! btw , the app is made by me when i got some spare time and i thought while it may be too simple , it could be helpful to a few people . your question inspired me to make such an app ( lol i know im such a sucker for bounties ) ; anyway , it was fun getting this done in the mit is app-inventor the app is not well tested because i did not have much time . if you find bugs or want to request for a feature , maybe we can do it over the chat here on android stack exchange or via email preferably . comments are probably not the right way . a few things i would like to say its simple and will always be free if its slow or crashing , i might not be able to do much really since its made using appinventor , do tell if those things happen though . if you do not like this , you can modify or build your own or ask me for features . also , there could be potentially some apps in the market that does the same in a better way . i simply made this app for fun . i do not know if i can support app2sd or crunch the size of the app . . its just appinventor and i did not include any fancy media into this app . there are no obtrusive ads , background services or airpush junk permissions are exaggerated by the appinventor i guess do not hold me responsible for anything if you like this , you can upvote this , share it using the small and cute buttons to the left of this post . oh and after installing the app , i recommend scanning the barcode that is above in this post using the app . ; ) screen shots . . maybe later but the app 's really ugly in terms of looks . :d exclusively for the stack exchange community ! that is why i am posting here !
from verizon : open settings . select battery and data manager . select data delivery . select data enabled to enable / disable .
have you tried searching for gamepad in google play ? here are some of the results : ultimate gamepad connect through wifi or bluetooth in the most simple way . install the ultimate control receiver program on your computer ( pc , mac or linux ) and select it from the list displayed on your phone . droidpad droidpad lets you use your phone as a pc joystick or mouse .
most pre-installed keyboards are system apps . system apps can not be uninstalled without root access .
it is definitely a valid concern and you should be wary of apps that can record keystrokes with " full internet " privileges . it is best to reach out to the developer of such keyboard app and ask them this question directly . i imagine such a permission would be required for something benign , like downloading language packs ( from within the keyboard app ) or showing ads , for example .
there is nothing special you need to do within gmail . ( in fact , there is nothing you can do in gmail . ) simply add the google account ( s ) to your device under Settings &gt; Accounts &gt; Add account . ( it will then appear there listed under " google account " . ) after that make sure you are syncing gmail plus whatever other google services you want ( or not ) .
it works in a very similar way to how one user 's apps are isolated from each other . whereas apps ' private data used to be stored in /data/data , now it is stored in <code> /data/users/ n </code> , where n is the id of the user profile . each user gets their own directory , and each app that user uses gets a directory within that . posix file system permissions protect the data directories , not only from other apps , but also from other users . because android uses the existing posix process , uid , and file system security mechanism , the same way it does for different apps , the implementation is already secure without needing anything special at the os level , or a more complicated ( and thus battery-hungry ) solution such as virtualization . virtualization would work poorly for this anyway : providing virtualized access to the network , bluetooth , nfc hardware , etc . such that all users could control it would add a lot of unnecessary complexity to the driver stacks . when both users run the same app ( such as the launcher ) , there are actually two instances of that app . they share one apk file , but they have two separate processes running under different posix user ids , and they each look in their own data directory . this way , nothing they might write to is shared between the two users , but read-only parts ( such as the app 's executable code from the apk file ) are shared , reducing ram and storage use . both instances might be running at once , and switching users just changes which one is the foreground app on the screen . nothing needs to be reloaded or restarted . this works the same way whether the app is a built-in one , or one installed by the user . there is an awkward side-effect of that : when one user upgrades an app , the upgrade affects all users , even if the new version needs more permissions . only apps with the interact_across_users permission are special . such apps get access to apis within the android framework to look at all the users ' data directories at once . the lock screen is an example of such an app : in one instance , it needs to be able to read each user 's settings and profile picture , in order to show the " switch users " gui .
according to the wikipedia article , all the htc one xl devices fall under the evita model . evita is just the code name for the device . just about every device is initially manufactured with a " codename " . this is more just like an internal name for the device . this could be because they have not decided on a " public brand " for the device yet , or just because they want to call it something else internally . sometimes the codename resides in the model name in the settings -> about phone . but if you have adb access to your device , you can do something like : &gt; adb shell $ getprop  this will dump out all the properties that are configured during the boot process . one of them , probably something like ro.product.device will contain the value evita .
it depends on the pages . if the pages are media-heavy ( lots of large images or other media ) then yes , the pages load faster since google scales and recodes the images on the servers before sending them to your device , and optimizes other page content also . however , the device still needs to render the layout of the page , which can be slow on mobile devices . this happens on the device and requires cpu+ram , and is unaffected by the bandwodth optimization . also , since some content is compressed when sent from google 's optimization servers , it needs to be decompressed on the device , which uses cpu . all in all , reducing data helps move the bottleneck from the bandwidth to the device itself , and the benefit of the setting depends on the content of the pages and the performance of your device .
you should be able to select folder settings in the photos app . per support . google : you can choose to automatically back up your android 's photo and video folders , including photos you have downloaded , screenshots you have taken , or photos saved by other apps . turn setting on or off open the photos app > touch the menu icon/button > settings > auto backup > check or uncheck back up local folders turn on or off for individual folders open the photos app > touch the photos menu icon at the top left > on device > to the right of each folder title , toggle the cloud icon to turn auto backup on or off for that folder
the problem solved . it would meant to be " home " + " back " + " power " .
first , ensure that " usb debugging " option is enabled on your phone by going to Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Development . on some devices this option will be grayed out while your phone is connected via usb , so disconnect it first . next step is installing the usb drivers on your computer . assuming you are running windows , the drivers for mytouch 4g should be located on the sd card that came with the phone . look for file named " htcdriver . exe " then copy to your pc and execute it . if you can not find that file , look for the drivers on google . after you successfully install the drivers , download and install the android sdk . pick a folder that is easy to type , such as "C:\AndroidSDK" for example . now open windows command prompt by going to start -> run , typing " cmd " ( without quotes ) and pressing enter . in the command prompt window type in cd C:\AndroidSDK\platform-tools and press enter . connect your mt4g to the pc via usb , and in the command prompt type in adb devices and press enter . if everything was correctly installed you should see messages like these : * daemon not running . starting it now on port 5037 * * daemon started successfully * list of devices attached xxxxxxxxxxx device where " xxxxxxxxxx " is a combination of letters and numbers , signifying your phone 's id . this means adb is seeing your phone , and you can now issue commands to it .
the adb likely will not be of much help . the apps need to have debugging enabled to be able to see their thread and relative performance i believe . i assume you have looked at the battery usage menu in your phone . what is it telling you ? you could the hidden debug menu in your hd . it may provide more info . open your phone dialer and dial *#*#4636#*#* . give that a try .
take a look at sd move and sd watch . they do not automate the process for you ( i do not think automation is possible ) , but sd move will give you a color coded list of what applications you can move over , and sd watch will alert you when you install a new app whether or not it can be moved to the sd card .
i have noticed that i sometimes get a notification that an update is available , but when i go in there , i am unable to update . i , at first , thought that it was some type of syncing issue like you describe , but i have realized ( at least in my situation ) that i have the apps set to update automatically . so i get the notification , but the market actually has already updated the application in the background . based on your comments , and if you eventually go in to the market and there is actually an update available for an app that you previously were notified about , then i would say it has to do with how google rolls out the updates . as chahk discussed , the notifications seem to go before the apps , in some cases . google does this with just about everything they roll out . updated in batches .
thank you for your answers everyone . unfortunately i was unable to boot into clockworkmod recovery . fortunately i found the following solution : downloaded and installed rsd lite ( on windows 8 professional x64 ) downloaded and installed the motorola usb drivers downloaded a sbf image from here : http://sbf.droid-developers.org/umts_jordan/list.php started rsd lite booted the defy with power and volume up buttons plugged the defy into my computer via a usb cable ( my usb3.0 hub seemed to cause problems so i plugged it directly into a usb2.0 on my laptop ) inside rsd lite i selected the sbf image file on my computer . selected " uncompress and start flashing " in rsd waited for phone rom to get flashed . enjoy working phone just as a note - if you run into any annoying motoblur authentication issues you may have to do a factory reset on the phone . this will clear all your user data and can be done in the follow way : boot the defy with power and volume down buttons the android mascot with the triangle/exclamation mark should appear press both the volume up and volume down buttons at the same time you should enter the standard " recovery mode " use the volume up/down buttons to navigate the menu items select " wipe data/ factory reset " with the power button confirm
you might want to look for applications that do require this permission : android.permission.MODIFY_AUDIO_SETTINGS then uninstall it and set the alarm a short while after that . if everything is back to normal you have found the application in question .
skype has blocked fring from using it is services . for more info see http://www.fring.com/blog/?p=2322
the sleep timeout and other screen lock settings can be restricted by a device policy . this is something that you might install to access a corporate vpn or mail server , and additionally some kinds of security apps ( such as antivirus ) . they can force security-related settings to particular values , e.g. to make sure that your work email will be secure even if you leave your device unattended . you can see and deactivate device administrators from the main settings app . look under device administrators . most android devices have " android device manager " in that list , so ignore that , but anything else there could be restricting your screen lock settings .
as @geffchang said , disabling animations in developer options is right way
try azilink (http://code.google.com/p/azilink/). you will need to do a little setup on your ubuntu machine in addition to loading the app on your droid , but it will work without requiring you to root your droid . this is a usb tethering solution that i have used in the past with my ubuntu netbook to great success .
after some digging into google , i came across a software called backuptrans . the features listed include transfer sms between android and iphone , save sms from android/iphone onto local database on computer , restore sms from local database to android/iphone and many more . i do not have an iphone to check this software . this seems pretty good . the work steps are as simple as importing from iphone to the computer and exporting to the android device . more details with screenshots can be found here the only downer for this solution is that you have to pay some cash ( a minimum of $29.95 ) to use it fully . since you are not comfortable with isms2droid ( iphone sms import ) , this seems to be the best option available . on an additional note , isms2droid is worth trying before you buy backuptrans .
let me guess . . . you turned on gpu rendering in the developer options ? some apps that do not properly support it will do that . try turning that off . also , on an unrelated note : you can take screenshots by holding power and volume down .
you can use a new dialer which supports this . i have tried swipe dialer free and it does this ( you get the same icon for all outgoing calls whether they were answered or not but for the un-answered call , you will have " not answered " mentioned " p.s. - if your dialer shows the duration of call then i think for non-answered outgoing calls , it will show "0m 0s " . all other calls will have different durations . so , you can differentiate between them ( if this is what your purpose is ) .
beneath those tiles will be a simple list labeled " frequently contacted " , and they are listed with a much smaller photo ( if one exists ) . so , as you use the phone , it will automatically build that list up for you of the people you contact the most . otherwise , there is not a way to change the layout of the app . even if you were to create a contact group for those contacts , the group contact display uses the same sort of large photos . your other option would be a third-party app .
thumbnail cache check the .thumbnails directory in sdcard/DCIM (Digital Camera IMages)/ notice that it is a hidden directory and only visible with certain file managers with the option to view hidden files . this directory stores a lot of thumbnail data especially in the form of two large binary files . play music ( if you are using it ) play music caches your songs so Settings &gt; Clear Cache . app data left behind delete some app data cache left behind by uninstalled apps from sdcard/ and sdcard/Andorid/data . even apps such as chrome , maps , youtube leave a lot of cached files in sdcard/Andorid/data . clean those apps cache from sdcard/Andorid/data . storage space install diskusage and check your devices storage by detail . diskusage provides a way to find files and directories on storage card which consume a lot of space . after pinpointing down apps and files that consume a lot of storage with diskusage . simply deleting those files and going into Settings &gt; Apps selecting and cleaning those apps would prove sufficient .
the official skype app currently does not support video on nvidia tegra 2 chipsets , according to their faq : * this specifically does not include some tablets that use the tegra 2 chipset ( e . g . android tablets and motorola atrix do not support video calling ) . from what i read on various forums , a test version that does work on honeycomb tablets sporting tegra 2 has been seen floating around in youtube videos , so it should be coming to official channels shortly .
although infuse 4g is not officially supported by cyanogenmod yet , there are quite a few gingerbread ( android 2.3 . x ) based roms for it available on xda developers forums . an unofficial port of cm7 is currently under development for infuse 4g . if you are feeling adventurous , and are somewhat knowledgeable in linux , you can compile your own version of it from latest sources , as described here .
android only supports proxies in android 4.0+ . in android 2.3 or below i recommend you use the proxydroid app to use the proxy . this app supports authenticated proxies but needs root access . the reason you have a proxy setting could be due to additions by your device manufacturer .
you may want to talk to your carrier about your phone or service because data is separate from voice ( if you are not on a cdma network ) . voice is using gsm/umts and data is hspa . your data network usage should never interrupt your voice call , even if you use cdma . the voice should take priority and stop the data usage to make the call . there is either an issue with the network you are on , or the phone .
you should not need to do this for the archos 70 . do you have the archos 70 internet tablet or the archos 7 home tablet ? the link you have is for the archos 7 home tablet , which is an older model . if you in fact have a generation 8 , archos 70 , here 's the link you want : http://forum.archosfans.com/viewtopic.php?f=63t=42067 all you have to do is open the apk file on your tablet .
you did not do a factory reset then , but probably a soft reset . to perform a factory reset from the home screen press menu > settings > sd card and phone storage > factory data reset > reset phone > erase everything . that should take you back to square one . reply back with a comment if not . update : boot into the bootloader : completely power off the deivce . then hold down the back button and press the power/end call button to restart your phone . keep the back button held down till the bootloader menu appears . from here do you have an option to wipe , reset , or factory reset ( or something along those lines ) ? if so try it .
no , you would need an application like " where 's my droid " installed on the device and know the phone number for the device . if you sold the device , the new owner probably did a factory reset on the device so your information is no longer associated to the device . in the future , before you sell your device , you should go in and do a factory reset so you are not giving the device away with any of your information . i want to add my opinion on these apps that claim to help you find your device ( including " where 's my droid" ) if it is lost or stolen . they are great if you lost your phone in your house ( or somewhere " safe" ) but if you lost it at like a bar or if someone actually stole it , chances are you will not even be able to use this software . a factory reset can be done on any device rather quickly , which would remove your " locating software " and remove any " tie " that your accounts may have to the device . also , they require the device be on , so if someone does steal your phone , all they have to do is turn it off , and when they have a chance , do a factory reset . my best advice i can give you is to remember that these are ~$600 devices ( what you will pay off contract , or for a replacement ) so treat it like it is a ~$600 device and do not leave it laying around . i am not saying that i would ever take someones phone or anything , but i could have the device factory reset by the time i got to the door to leave . it is as easy as Menu -> Settings -> Privacy -> Factory Data Reset .
if you install different countries rom , you will get some different app that follows in that country region .
too bad android se is not as active as other se sites , just did a nandroid restore from when i just installed the rom and so far i have not set up titanium backup . well that'll teach me . . . at least it boots again .
i was able to solve this , but it is not pretty . following the advice in this thread , i applied a hack to the radio that gets wireless tether working . edit : i can confirm this exact procedure will also work on a droid x . download and install radiocomm . it worked fine on windows 7 x64 . open radiocom . this was the first time i opened the app , and a splash screen asked for me to " select which ma to use . " i could not find the ma mentioned in the thread in this list , so i just selected 3g all others ( or something like that ) . open the main menu , select ma , common , mdm 6x00 chipset base . open the settings menu , select usb , pst usb driver . connect phone to computer via usb . change the phone 's usb connection mode to pc mode . the radio detection icon on the right side of radiocomm will turn green . scroll to the p2k 4 tab . in the stelem / rdelem section , tick the dec entries radio box . in the text boxes , enter : Element ID: 8040 Record #: 1 Offset: 0 Length: 128  press RDELEM . it will turn green and the following data should appear : change Element ID to 8041 . press STELEM . it will turn green . change Element ID to 8091 . press STELEM . change the phone 's usb connection mode to charge only . reboot the phone . install wifi tether 3.1-beta6 . in wifi tether 's settings , change the device profile to motorola droidx ( cdma ) . ( droid2 does not work . ) this is a good time to set your ssid and encryption as well . done . you can now tether . in case you need to revert the changes we just made , here 's the original values : ( these are the same on a d2g and droid x ) 8041: 8091:
although there is not a general solution for remotely launching apps , here is a solution that applies to your situation : first , install androidlost from the online google play store . this is the app you can use to control/wipe/access info about your lost device , yadayada give it a little time to install to your device , then install androidlost jumpstart from the online google play store as well this app will wake up the registration process on the androidlost app when ever a phone call is made , an sms received , battery is low , a package is added , removed or changed . so you have to install an arbitrary app from the play store as well to activate the service , but you can then go to androidlost . com to access functions to control your lost device ! including ringing an alarm ; )
as i said in my comment , you should be able to flash using odin . i am not sure it works through a vm though , so perhaps you might have better luck with heimdall . basically , you need to get the appropriate firmware for your device from here ( signup required ) . then , shut down your device and boot it while holding volume down + power . once the tablet enters download mode , connect it to a pc . if using odin , the file you downloaded goes into the pda box . i am not too sure about heimdall , but it looks like the downloaded file goes into the " heimdall firmware package " box . then click " start " in odin and wait for your device to reboot . at this point , the tablet should boot into android .
you would need to enable usb host mode on your xoom . google this for some more details on this - you will need a rooted xoom ; there will also be links to usb otg ( on the go ) cables that will let you use this ( most of them seem to be micro-usb to usb female , into which you would then need to plug your normal usb cable ) . i do not know if this usb otg configuration would actually charge your phone - some usb otg do not provide power at all . copying files would work on this really easily ( i think that is what it is generally been done for ) , but network may be a little trickier - it would rely on the xoom having the usb network drivers for your n1 , which it might not ( in that case you had need to compile the drivers/kernel modules for your xoom , where it starts to get messy :-/ )
you can go to Settings &gt; Sound &gt; Volume and turn down the media volume all the way to 0 . i used automateit to mute media sound unless the earphone is plugged . a hack that i used to do is to just cover up the speaker hole until i can turn down the volume .
enable usb debugging and download the sdk tools . then it is super easy : note that on my device , it is ARMv7 , and has ( among other features ) vfp support .
samsung has two types of mhl cable : an 11-pin one for their more recent phones , and a 5-pin one for their older phones . the 5-pin one is standard and will work on non-samsung phones . the 11-pin one only works on newer samsung phones . third-party manufacturers tend to also sell both kinds , so look at which phones the cable says it is for . if it says it is for samsung galaxy s4 , or if it is y-shaped with a second usb output , then it is an 11-pin one and will not work with your phone . see my other answer on how does mhl work ? to learn more about the difference .
i just received an email from the developer , don choi . citing it here in its entirety as an answer : the continuous scroll feature is in our big to-do list . it will eventually implemented later . we do not have a open forum . however , http://www.facebook.com/ezpdf is a good start . so more nifty things are on their way for this application .
this is a feature of cdma ( standardized in is-95 ) and is called voice privacy . see an analysis of is-95 cdma voice privacy by m . zhang , et al . from 2000 , free download here citation ( the real paper begins at p . 10 in the pdf : abstract . the voice privacy of is-95 cdma cellular system is analyzed in this paper . by exploiting information redundancy on the downlink traffic channel , it is shown that an eavesdropper can recover the voice privacy mask after eavesdropping the transmission on the downlink traf- fic channel for about one second . thus , is-95 cdma voice privacy is vulnerable under ciphertext-only attacks . that cryptanalysis is now 12 years old and already then was the scheme considered broken . i guess it is easy to suggest to just leave the setting disabled . by combining some information grepped from the android source , i am pretty sure it is what you are asking for . to make it a little more transparent here are some source references : packages/apps/phone/res/xml/cdma_call_privacy . xml defines : packages/apps/phone/res/values/strings . xml defines those strings : . /hardware/ril/include/telephony/ril . h defines also :
on ubuntu , your device needs to be manually identified to the udev system : as root : create or edit /etc/udev/rules.d/51-android.rules and add this line : SUBSYSTEM=="usb", SYSFS{idVendor}=="0502\u2033, MODE="0666"  then : # chmod a+rx /etc/udev/rules.d/51-android.rules # restart udev udev start/running, process 3793  this works for my sidekick on my ubuntu 10.04 system .
it appears to be somewhat awkward in ics and jb to get this functionality , several methods in order to achieve it are discussed here . i will summarise/copy some of the better sounding ones ( i added the links ) : try audio control , it is by far the best volume management app in the google play store . there is both a notification and ringer volume for ics or jelly bean . if you are willing to pay then this app has " separate notification and ringer volumes for ics/jb devices " . google and download a silent mp3 , use profile manager or tasker to change notification sound to silence mp3 when required . or alternatively ( as the op points out in the comments ) use a low volume ringtone so you can still hear it . someone points out that for this method if you have custom notifications for different apps then they will not be silenced/lower volume , only apps that use the default system notification will be affected unless you update all of the notification sounds . another option is to use a profile switcher like tasker or setting profiles ( what i use ) and make two profiles : silent - profile set it to silence your ringer ring - profile to set your desired ringer volume now make a rule to trigger your " ring " profile based on incoming call condition . the condition could be a call from a specific person , or persons from particular groups in your address book . use the * wildcard if you want the condition to include calls from anyone . you can piggy back conditions so that , for example , you can add a time condition so the rule might only be activated at a certain time of day . so what you have now is 2 profiles , one that mutes all sounds ( thanks to ics ) and another that sets the ringer volume to a specific level . set the " ring " profile to have a higher priority , that way when they are both active at the same time , the " ring " takes precedence . combined with your condition , the result should be , all of your sounds are muted , but when a call comes in , it triggers the incoming call condition , triggers the " ring " profile , and both the mute and the ring profiles are active at the same time , and the ring profile will win . there might be a short delay , but it should not be noticeable . this would of course have the effect that certain calls will always ring and maybe sometimes you truly do want to silence your phone . to that , you will just make another profile , call it " true silent " for example , and have it silence everything and give it the highest priority ( or at least higher then the " ring " profile ) and then when you activate that profile , it will win over the others . both of these apps are again paid for applications however they have a grater functionality than audio control . tasker is a particularly great one . ringleader allows you to set up profiles that you can change any or all of your individual ringtones to silent in one click . it takes a while to configure . once you install it you have to set all of your ringtones and alerts again using the ringleader option for choosing alerts . if you set it as the default ringtone chooser option it simplifies the process . once you have reset each one they will shop up in the ringleader options list . in ringleader you then save a base profile . after you have a base profile saved you can edit all of the alert sounds individually through ringleader and save new profiles . i have three profiles . one is for normal use , one for phone calls only and one for silent . there is a simple widget available for switching them quickly . this is a free application however there is also a paid for version . someone else in the thread mentions this working for them however the actual notification volume can not be set separately , the notifications can only be silenced while still allowing the phone to ring . when googling around i did see people mention audio manager as a solution to this , however i have tested it out and although you can set the ring volume independently of the system volume as soon as someone rings you the volumes change to the same level , even if you use the app to lock the volumes .
i solved the problem myself . i had a game installed on sd card named , hambo , i shifted it to phone and all apps , came back to their place , what else change i did earlier was to remove updates of android market app . so google play was removed and then i did the only change of moving one app . from sd card to phone and my problem was solved . i do not know actual reason of problem but based on what i read some where i think it was may be waiting for some update or change in some installation after the uninstallation of play update . so when i shifted an app to phone , all old things restored at their place .
if you keep using the google voice app for texting , it does not matter if you activate sms via hangouts . however , any texts you send out of hangouts will go through your verizon number , incurring carrier charges . if you are running cyanogenmod 11 rom , you may want to look into voice+ . it is a custom app that allows you to pipe all " regular " sms through google voice , from any app such as hangouts , messaging , handcent , whatsapp , etc . it is still in beta ( as is the entire cm11 ) but works quite well for keeping all the messaging together in a single app . when hangouts got ability to send/receive sms last year , google promised that they will eventually merge google voice functionality into it , thus making it a single app . this looks to be slowly happening behind the curtains . in the latest hangouts v2.1 update , bits and pieces pointing to google voice integration started showing up . we will most likely hear more about this in the upcoming google i/o developers conference this coming summer .
what you need is the headset blocker widget - install it and then put it up on your home screen as a widget and then toggle it on . now , whenever you unplug your headphones , the music player will stop playing . try it and see if it works . btw , meridian player has an in-built option to disallow resuming playback after a phone call .
i have solved the problem in a direct way . i have restored the phone to the factory state , and it worked . and i am convinced it is because of z4root ! i have tried the second time and the result was the same . be careful when you root the galaxy 3 samsung i5800 with z4root .
after updating my phone to htc official desire 2.3.3 dev rom , it works . so it looks like there is a bug fixed by android or htc rom in 2.3.3 .
at first , i thought this was most likely an instance of android cloud to device messaging , but it can not be : whatsapp does not declare the necessary permissions , and it works in eclair ( android 2.1 ) , while cloud to device messaging ( and its replacement , google cloud messaging ) require at least froyo ( android 2.2 ) . however , it is most likely some sort of push notification service . it is impossible to say exactly how it is implemented without access to whatsapp 's source code . the part about it being able to receive messages when not in use is relatively easy to explain , though . the app almost certainly has a service which runs in the background to check in with the server periodically ( or receive the server push , or whatever it does ) . when you receive a message , the service pops up a notification . as for the question as to how the server could do a push , here 's a possibility ( again , i can not verify without source code ) : whatsapp starts and opens two sockets : one to listen on and one to send a message to the server . whatsapps starts listening on the first socket . whatsapp sends a message containing your phone number and the port of the listening socket to the server and waits for an acknowledgement . the server records the phone and port numbers in the message and the ip address that the message came from . the server sends an acknowledgement to the app . the app receives the acknowledgement and closes the message socket . a message with your phone number as the destination comes into the server . the server uses the ip address and port number it has associated with your phone number and uses that information to push the message to your phone . for this to work , the app would need to monitor the state of the network connection and reset the listening socket / resend the registration message when necessary ( if the ip address changes , for example ) .
check out sms composer - it has non-threaded inbox and sent message views which i believe is what you are looking for . also , it is freeware .
i am able to receive reset links despite having logged in today , yesterday and pretty much every day . however you should be able to access your account on your phone ( as it will use your login details to sign in to chrome ) then use that to add your phone number to your account . then pick reset my password with my phone which will send an sms to your phone .
this turned out to actually be a network provider problem ( in my case : simplemobile in the us ) and the fix is incredibly simple : remove the proxy server from the apn and everything works . the final hint i needed was the google now error message , googling that took me to this thread on xda-developers . i have no explanation for why ' clear data ' fixed the issue for a few minutes and why this did not occur when tethering the tablet through the phone ( maybe a cached server connection somehow ? ) . it does however explain why the problem occured again when putting the sim card into the tablet ( the apn comes with the problematic proxy as a preset ) , and that should have tipped me off , i guess .
i am looking for documentation to back this up , but in my experimentation the " default " phone number for a contact is what is used with voice commands if you do not define a phone " type " . so , if i have three phone numbers for john smith , if i just use the command Call John Smith the default phone number will be used . otherwise , i need to use Call John Smith home or Call John Smith mobile . it is also used if , when looking at a list of contacts , you tap the phone icon next to the contact 's name . it will use the default phone number ( if defined ) .
most probably , street view imagery is not available for your location ( yet ) . cross check the web version with any pc for the same location that does not work on your phone check a well-supported street view location such as google hq on your phone
the root process should not fail . there is a thing called " auto nootering " which will automatically do the rooting for you . they have been keeping it up to date with each update coming out for the device from b and n . if the device reboots 8 times in a row , it will reset itself to factory settings . you can find more info here . you need a microsd card to root the device . basically , you put an image onto the sd card , then turn on the nook and it boots that image and enables root access . you then remove the sd card and re-format it ( because the image previously will give it a small partition , additionally you do not want it to boot it again after you have already done it once ) . the nook color is setup that it will boot up off of the sd card before it will boot off of the internal memory ( hence why this rooting process works ) . you can therefore have a dual boot with the stock rom plus another rom on the sd card ( nookie froyo , cyanogenmod7 , or the honeycomb rom ) . this way you experiment with roms and not mess up your stock image . however , it is loading these from the sd card , therefore it will be a bit slower than if it was running off the internal memory of the device . but you can also flash these roms to the internal memory as well .
first thing to try is to clear the data and cache for both apps and their storage ( Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications ) and then re-sync ( possibly in the app , or in Settings -&gt; Accounts and sync ) .
well , i will be damned . it seems that google now refuses to run on a rooted device , but it just does not say so . the vendor had installed an app to enable rooting of the device . i would played around with it , but root access was disabled after the first upgrade of miui . i did not really miss root access , to be honest , so it let it be . ziggo ( my cable tv provider ) 's tv-watching app did refuse to let me watch tv , though , because it claimed that i was not using " an original operating system " . recently , i tried uninstalling the ( chinese ) root manager app -- i can not read chinese anyway . uninstalling turned out to be impossible , but after clicking around a bit , and disabling most things i saw , suddenly google now became available ! and ziggo suddenly allowed me to watch tv on my device ! so apparently , google now refuses to run on a rooted device ! ziggo 's tv-watching app was more honest : at least it told me it refused to operate on a rooted device . .
you can side-load any android app provided you have the apk . however , by default these phones do not come pre-installed with google 's core applications like the play store . but you can " hack " the devices and install google apps . needless to say it will void warranty and root access is required . there is this guide in xda forums that should help people install google services on their nokia x device .
yes overworking the cpu is what creates the intense heat , this intense heat is detected by the os and shutdowns the phone to protect your hardware . ( a pc works just the same ) .
as per oxford : top grossing means earning more money than other similar things or people . but as per google app store it may refer to : top-grossing = sum of all revenue generated from the purchase of the app + sum of all in-app purchases it also means that app listed in top grossing lists holds people 's attention for the most time . so even if an app is free but still if it is getting downloaded the most then it will feature in this list . also many of the free versions apps like angry birds , cut the rope etc . provide in app purchase ability i.e. you do not need to bye a paid version but to access more features you have to pay some amounts which ultimately boost 's apps revenue and ranks app higher in list .
i found the solution : assuming you have debugging mode enabled , you have to change the usb settings to internet connection : modem or ethernet . keeping it on charge phone , media sync , or camera does not enable debugging .
when you have any keyboard open to enter text into an app , you should see a keyboard icon among the notifications . click this to open the input method chooser , then select anysoftkeyboard from the list . the checkboxes in the language and keyboard settings only control which keyboards appear in this list .
there is a repligo reader for android available . . . if you want some alternatives you should take a look at repligo reader alternatives for android
you can not do this because : there is only one google services framework running for all accounts . google accounts credentials are stored centrally from where google apps authenticate . but , there is a way to solve your issue : turn on imap from gmail settings . and , use imap in default email app or k-9 mail app . done ! play store can not see it . .
that very much depends how and where you place the " secret " , and what other conditions/restrictions are in place . network storage ( such as cloud services or email ) e.g. require a network connection to be present , and the transfer might be noticed . a local copy might not have the copy-process noticed , but the copies could be found , in most times easily when using a file explorer . your " secret act " might also indicate infringment on a 3rd persons privacy ( if only your own photos are involved , then why the secrecy ? ) , which not only would be indecent , but also may incur a penalty ( no accusing , just a hint ) . but assuming completely legal application , there might be a few options available : photocopy backups photos to email . the app 's description states : " when the program runs , there is no indication at all " photo auto uploader automatically uploads pictures to picasa or facebook after pictures are captured auto uploader does the same for configured services foldersync can synchronize your photo 's folder ( and of course others ) periodically in the background -- to cloud services as well as to your home computer there are more apps for each of the mentioned categories . there may also be some to create local copies , but i am not aware of any at this time .
you might want to take a look at pure calendar widget . will cost you about two bucks , but does exactly what you request : widget for agenda / tasks / todo ( agenda style ) synced with google calendars show calendars from google , touchdown and moto/lg exchange show tasks from astrid , tasks ( team ) , myphoneexplorer , ultimate to-do list , tasksync , calengoo , dgt gtd , gtasks , got to do , task organizer , due today , touchdown , pocket informant pure calendar widget / agenda widget for android ( source : google play ; click image for larger variant ) an alternative could be agenda widget for android ( second screenshot above ) , which has a free trial variant ( which i linked ) and comes close to what the previously mentioned does . as i do not use any of those , i cannot tell you which might fit you best -- but at least with the free variant , you might want to give it a try : )
this thread gives a nice step by step tutorial on how to re-flash to stock ics , which will relash the stock recovery . in a nutshell : how to restore galaxy s3 to android 4.0.4 ics xxlaf2 stock firmware : download the ics stock firmware file from here or here . after the rom file is downloaded successfully , you should extract its contents and you will get a single file with the ‘ . tar . md5′ extension . save it on your computer’s desktop . download odin3 3 . o4 for galaxy s3 i9300 from here . extract odin . zip contents into a single folder and save it on your pc desktop . now , power off your galaxy s3 phone and after this you will need to boot into download mode . boot into download mode by pressing ‘volume down’ + ‘home’ + ‘power’ and release these buttons only after the display powers on . press volume up button to confirm that you want to load download mode . now , go to your pc and launch the ‘odin’ executable file . the one you’ve extracted at step 4 . next , connect your sgs3 i9300 to your computer and odin should display a message box saying ‘added ! ! ’ . if you don’t see this message then it means that the usb drivers aren’t installed on your pc and you should use the download links in the preparation guide , the ones listed above this tutorial guide . if odin did find the samsung usb driver you’re free to move to the next step . in odin click the button that is called ‘pda’ . find the file you’ve extracted at step 2 . it should have the ‘ . tar . md5′ extension . select it and it will be loaded into odin . note : don’t change any of the odin’s default settings and make sure that the ‘re-partition’ option isn’t selected . press the start button in odin and the program will now begin to install the stock firmware files . when the installation is complete you will see a ‘pass’ alert displayed by odin and this means that everything went according to plan . your phone will also restart and after the samsung logo appears you are free to unplug the device from your computer . note : if odin gets stuck you are required to disconnect the phone from your pc and remove its battery and then re-insert it and , now repeat all the entire tutorial once again as something went wrong and the firmware wasn’t flashed . that should do it , now your phone has been restored to factory stock firmware . make sure to use the comments section in case you other questions .
the sync options are located within the facebook app itself in settings . for example , photo sync options are located under Account &gt; App Settings &gt; Sync Photos .
ghostery for firefox has been reworked to enable it to work with firefox for android . click the link , install and enjoy not broadcasting everything you do to everybody .
google play was formerly android market . your phone would originally have had android market ( i am assuming its an old one , probably gingerbread ) . when you did a factory reset all the updates were reverted back included on android market ( aka google play ) . android market automatically updates itself so give it some time and it should update itself to google play .
as far as i know , there is no app currently available to do this . you can try cyanogenmod for your device for various customization options . i have seen options to move status bar to bottom on cyanogenmod 7.2 ( android 2.3.7 gb ) port of my device ( samsung galaxy 3 ) . so it is certainly possible easily on custom roms .
there is not a specific android os upgrade policy . if it is a nexus device and it can handle the latest version of android it will get the latest version of android from google . other than that it is up to manufacturers to update drivers and their specific customized version of android for their own devices and then it is up to the carriers to approve those updates and release them to users ' phones . apple has only one phone basically and they release updates on what seems to be a yearly basis and update is done via their own service , not restricted by carriers .
well , that turned out to be so easy that i did not found any documentation about that . what you have to do is to long press the keyboard keys just as you do in a soft keyboard , it will show a popup with diacritics you can use for that letter ( in the image you can see what happens when you long press letter " u" ) . then click on the button corresponding to the character you want to use or the close button to exit . ( this image contains icons from farm fresh icons by fatcow web hosting ) note that not all letters have this behavior , in which case at long pressing they repeat as normally do elsewhere .
stability battery life you should be able to get an idea from reviews/comments/etc . about how well each rom performs in those areas . for an ereader that is really all you need .
there are some bugs reported in the xperia p jelly bean update 6.2.A.0.400 . even if it is suggested to perform a factory reset , the problem has not seemed to have fully solved . so your problem will not most probably be fixed until sony releases a new version with bug fixes ( and it might take some time ) note : since you are mainly concerned with your gaming apps , you might need to check the incompatibilities from the google play store .
long tap the colornotes app , then it should be in the home screen . let me know if you already tried this .
often fastboot drivers are different from the ones used by recovery mode and/or fully-booted android system . i would recommend re-installing the usb drivers on your pc . you may need to delete existing drivers that windows picked up . full instructions with driver download for nexus 4 here : quote : plug your phone into your computer . go to device manager on your computer and locate your device . it will either be under " android devices " or " other devices " depending whether drivers have been installed or not . right click on your phone and select " uninstall . " in the box that appears , check the option to " delete the driver software for this device . " go back to device manager and refresh . locate your phone and right click to select " update driver software . " manually install the drivers by picking the folder of the files you downloaded . unplug your phone and restart your computer . plug it back in and everything should work . download link : http://www.mediafire.com/?8xb50uktar8096i
can not see how to get an individual bookmark with a thumbnail screenshot of the webpage , but there are a couple of similar things you can do with the default browser in ics . in the screenshot above the top row are bookmarks added to the home screen by going into the browser , opening the bookmarks list , long pressing on a bookmark and selecting " add to home screen " . these appear to be the using the site 's " favicon " . the next two rows are the "3x2 bookmarks " widget , that just lists the contents of my browser 's bookmarks folder . add that by opening your apps list , selecting the widgets tab at the top and then long pressing to drag the "3x2 bookmarks " widget to a home screen . it then gives you a chance to pick a folder in your bookmarks to show ( you could create a new folder in bookmarks beforehand and fill that folder with only web pages that you want to show on your home screen ) .
did you check with the official changelog site ? or the xda thread on 9.1 ? the latter mentions http://cm-kang.appspot.com/anzu/ics for the changelog . and then there is this page where you even can filter changes by devices ( probably the best source to check ) . if you need more details : all that from page 1 of a simple google search for cyanogenmod changelog "9.1" ( &lt ; - hint ! ; ) ) to the first ( and explicit ) question : if there were any new features ? that probably very much depends on your device . so using the last changelog source i mentioned , filtering by the device you want to know this about , you will be able to answer your question . as i do not know your device , i can not ; )
as far as i know , doing a factory restore on the device should eliminate anything left over the device . usually the process goes : revert back to your earliest nandroid backup ( that you should have taken right after you rooted ) . if you do not have it , then flash a stock rom . run the unroot reversal process ( in this case you ran an official update ) remove any left over root applications ( superuser app , etc . ) . if necessary , wipe the device by restoring to factory settings . if i am missing anything , leave a comment and i will update this .
no there is no federated xmpp client for android that supports video calling . federated because there many proprietary xmpp clients that do so , but they work only within their own network . the reason because there is no such xmpp client is pretty simple : jingle ( the xep which is used for xmpp video calling ) , is pretty new and most xmpp libraries do not support it yet . this is espically true for the most relevant xmpp library smack ( relevant because it is a java library ) . smack has some jingle components , but the development on them stopped years ago and they do not seem up to date . but there is hope : for example the beem project started to work on an jingle xmpp branch of their xmpp android client . update : jitsi has not released it yet , but it is already available in alpha and has video calls .
there is a list of things one can do to improve battery life . the easiest ( attention , black humor ) is turning the device off , next to switching it to airplane mode . in general these two things are not worth a consideration -- but with all things operable , i have seen no smartphone yet lasting more than 2 days . my old htc buzz currently makes it a week ( 7 days , and still 40%+ left ) -- but it neither has a sim card inserted , nor wifi enabled ( so you see , most energy goes for being permanent online ; i just carry the buzz as backup , since i did not yet transfer all apps to my new phone ) . my motorola droid 2 ends up at about 70% at the end of the day ( after about 17h runtime ; so it would basically last ~2 days ) , and i am not really doing that much . but to provide something useful , here comes a short ( and incomplete ) list : one of the largest energy consumer is the display -- so this area is where you can save most : make the display timeout as small as possible ( and just as large as needed ) . 30s is a good value . you probably do not need 100% brightness , so turn it down as low as possible . handicap : if it is not bright enough when you need it , it is hard to find the appropriate setting . on some devices/roms some toggle-switches are integrated into the status area ( if not , there are apps to do this ) , so you can blindly draw it down and hit the correct corner to toggle it up . at least on the motorola droid , there is one consumer clearly topping the display using twice as much : umts up/download . so if you do not really need to constantly transfer big data , or rely on umts as there is no gsm available ( unlikely ) , switch 3g off and force your phone to gsm mode . not relevant for data only , but also for talk ( just with less energy difference ) . wifi is also a main consumer -- even in standby . so when not needed , switch it off ( same for bluetooth ) . as we are in this category : though often suggested , gps standby is not worth mentioning -- as long as it stays standby . only problem here are apps that will then make use of it for localized ads and the like . so if you rarely use gps , just turn it off as well . i could almost write a book on this , as there would be so much more to be mentioned . so just some little additional hints concerning apps which might be of assistance : battery saver has an interesting concept : running a service in the background , it regularly checks the systems report on the strength of cell and wifi signal ( the system updates those data either , so that is no costly action ) . finding one ( or both ) of them too weak to be useful ( e . g . if you are sitting in a bunker , or some faraday box ) , it switches them completely off -- and checks in intervals whether it makes sense to turn them back on . this is especially useful if you often experience " dead zones " , where your cell radio would then power up to max , desperately trying to find some cell tower . and talking about " limiting your smartphone experience " makes no sense here : you either get no contact , as thee 's no signal ; ) juicedefender is available in multiple versions ( ranging from basic to plus to ultimate ) , and some hold it very high . it tries to save energy in several ways -- the best known being to " stutter " your data , by switching off all background sync , only permitting it in intervals . it offers much more possibilities , also depending on the version used . again , these are only very basic hints -- there is much more one could do . so you could use some profile apps like e.g. tasker or easyprofiles , timeriffic or llama -- to adjust your settings based on different situations . so you can e.g. put your android device to airplane mode when you sleep ( time based ) , adjust screen timeout when reading ( "when runs" ) , switch wifi off/on when leaving/returning home ( location based ) , and many other things . guess you have got the idea : ) edit : if you are still awake at this point , and like to read more , checkout what can i do to increase battery life on my android device ?
lookout mobile has blogged about this due to the diginotar events , and provided some pretty good ( read : lengthy ) instructions which you can find here . the gist of it is that you need to pull /system/etc/security/cacerts.bks and then remove the cas from the store , then push the store back to the device and reboot . their instructions require that you have bouncy castle ( for decrypting the store ) , root access , and a working adb connection . i am not sure if this applies to all versions of android or not , but my guess would be that the location of the ca store has not changed in quite some time ( if ever ) .
a bit of a hack . thanks to an answer in the gis.stackexchange.com, i was able to contact the owner of a web mashup ( driven by a google spreadsheet ) who created an kml export link . http://tables.googlelabs.com/exporttable?query=select+col3%2ccol1%2ccol2%2ccol4%2ccol5%2ccol6%2ccol7%2ccol8%2ccol9%2ccol10%2ccol11%2ccol12%2ccol13%2ccol14%2ccol15%2ccol16%2ccol17%2ccol18+from+261434+o=kmllinkg=col17 copy/pasting this link into the search box in google maps on my droid displayed the rest areas on the map . there is a limit to the number of points the map will display out the kml , so if you are zoomed out too far , you will only get a cluster of points . so make sure you are zoomed in close enough--having a few states visible should still work and be no problem . when the map points load , the extent changes . i guess it is to the extent of all the points that were loaded from the kml .
i have tried go contacts and go dialer and it seems really handy with useful features and beautiful look ! p . s i wanted to post a comment but i do not have adequate permission for " comment everywhere " right now !
1 . using command line : here 's how you can copy files to an sd card image . you have to use adb push to copy files from desktop to emulator and adb pull for the reverse . here 's the syntax to copy files to or from an emulator/device instance : copy from desktop to emulator : adb push &lt;local&gt; &lt;remote&gt;  copy from emulator to desktop : adb pull &lt;remote&gt; &lt;local&gt;  here &lt;local&gt; is path of file / folder on your desktop and &lt;remote&gt; is path of file / folder on your emulator . here is an example : adb push foo.txt /sdcard/foo.txt  foo . txt will be pushed ( copied ) to the emulator . 2 . using ddms ui : here 's how to work with emulator 's file system using ddms . in the devices tab , select the emulator that you want to view the file system for . to copy a file from the device , locate the file in the file explorer and click the pull file button . to copy a file to the device , click the push file button on the file explorer tab . i personally prefer the adb pull and adb push commands as you can copy multiple files ( in a single directory ) with just one line command , using ddms you can copy only one file at a time ( no directory ) .
no . the app drawer is part of the same app as the home screen itself : the launcher app . you can only replace both of them at once . some launchers do not even have a separate app drawer : the list of apps is a seamless part of the home screen itself .
i have a galaxy s4 with 4.4.2 . i realize that touchwiz is a bit different between the two devices but maybe this will help . i can not tell you for sure what contributes to the ranking on the list but it seems to me that it is based on number of calls primarily . there is no one in my favorites list that i have not made a call to and i have many contacts not on the favorites list that i only sms , email , etc , with . as far as removing a contact , i can hit the menu button and have an option " remove from favorites " which brings up a checkbox list allowing me to delete .
the problem can be fixed by removing the other apps that are available to be used . after all if there is only one option , that has to be the default right ? a good tool for this is titanium backup . it is for root users so if you do not have root you will have to find some other way of removing the app ( adb would probably be your best option if you refuse to root your phone )
unfortunately , there is no way to disable that . sony is using a proprietary dialer that has that function hard-coded into it . without using a custom rom , there is no way around it . i know this because i have experience with this on samsung devices ( they also have a bar near the bottom that allows to reject with text ) , and having heavy proficiency with android , outside of somehow recompiling the dialer apk and using your knowledge of java to find the entry , remove it , and recompile , there is unfortunately nothing you can do .
it is not " officially " supported , but if you take a look at xda forum you will surely find some unofficial builds . here 's a link to one
if you are using the stock launcher , you can not . if you use an alternative launcher like nova launcher or apex launcher ( one which has support for scrolling and resizable widgets ) , then you can . put the gmail widget on your homescreen by long-pressing and selecting the label of choice . then long-press the widget itself and from the popup menu , choose resize and resize the widget 's dimensions as per your liking . you have not mentioned what version of android you are using and nova/apex work only on v4+ ( ics ) . if you have an older gingerbread version , try adw launcher . instructions are similar , if not exactly the same . you may also have to enable the functionality for " scrollable widgets " from within your launcher 's settings panel to get the full benefit .
it is possible . i found some instructions here that partially apply : http://androidandme.com/2009/08/news/how-to-manually-partition-your-sd-card-for-android-apps2sd/ do take care , if you do not understand commands well , dont try this out . the difference is that you just want one partition in fat32 . mkpartfs primary fat32 0 [last MB] # where last mb is visible using parted /dev/block/mmcblkXXXXXXXX . also the article is about an sdcard . i would recommend checking carefully if you have the right block level device before issuing any partitioning commands ! when using the appropriate block level device , little can go wrong , as you currently have no access at all . [ edit ] personally , i would try to install a new recovery using fastboot , and then use that recovery to format your internal storage . a lot easier and safer imo .
tibu 's faq says : click “backup all user apps” ( if you want just your apps ) or “backup all user apps + system data” if you want everything backed up . this doesn’t seem to always backup sms and contact history . unfortunately it does not explain all options in detail -- but from the above quote one can conclude : " backup all system data " normally includes contacts , sms , etc ( but might miss some history -- not clear if the latter a ) refers to an old version , as i never experienced that , or b ) is device-specific ) " backup all user apps " must include the data , otherwise the term if you want everything backed up would not make sense . to make sure , just visit the above mentioned faq for a closer check , which might answer other questions ( you did not know you have had ; ) on the way .
i checked that myself . i installed cwm 6.0.1.0 on my galaxy tab p5100 , then i tried to restore the twrp backup that i already had , and it did not work . maybe it needs a little more technical work . but with a normal procedure , it does not work .
you could try switching your router temporarily to 802.11n-only mode and see if the tablet still connects . if the tablet does not connect , it does not support it .
i have not been able to find out how to do that either . however , i have found you can share places by clicking on them and then selecting " share this place . "
alright , on the forum thread of that specific cusom rom ( linked in question ) , someone said that he re-formatted through windows with fat32 as type . so i tried this as well . while the device was on , i plugged in the usb cable , and put it into lock . then , as usual , the drives showed up in windows ( sd and internal that is ) , and it forced me to format the internal drive in order to acess it . pressed ok , then formatted with fat32 . after format , i did not even pull the device off the lock , i just quickly pressed the reset button on the back . then flashed it , and turned it on . it works perfectly ! now i have android 2.1 instead of that less-worthy 1.5 build ! thank you to everyone who proceded help : )
finally , someone from xda shared his nandroid backup for stock rom , here is the link ; http://docs.google.com/file/d/0b06fizeukdchulbvzfzpretos0k/edit?usp=sharing the original thread on xda : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?s=c89f980ba9f35f7e5ec9ae6b6bf11beft=1975140page=139
unfortunately the adbd ( adb daemon ) is not enabled on any current google tv hardware , so adb connectivity is not possible via usb , ethernet , or any other means . however , a few crafty tinkerers from gtvhacker site managed to hack the logitech revue unit to enable this functionality . keep in mind that this is a hardware hack and includes physically opening up the revue box and soldering connections on the motherboard . you can read more on this mod here . needless to say , this hack is not for everyone , and carries even more risk of bricking the stb as a plain software hack .
quoting from the locale 's feedback forum regarding the backup/restore functionality : automatic backup/restore locale has automatic backup and restore using android 2.2 's cloud-based backup mechanism . there are no configuration options within locale--it just works ! to use this feature , simply make sure that backup/restore is enabled by going to the android settings -> privacy and verifying that the checkboxes for backup and restore are both checked . whenever locale is uninstalled and reinstalled , the device is factory reset , or you upgrade to a new device , the situations will be automatically restored as long as android is set up with the same google account . locale 's backup and restore is designed to work correctly across different devices with different hardware and software capabilities . for example , let 's say a backup was made on a device with wi-fi and restored to a device without wi-fi . locale will properly handle that transition . automatic backup and restore requires android 2.2 or later , as well as a handset supporting google 's backup manager . if there are no options for backup and restore under android settings -> privacy , then the device does not support backup and restore . since backups are tried to a google account , be sure to always use the same google account when setting up your android devices . manual backup/restore in addition , there is a beta manual backup/restore feature to create a manual backup to the sd card . this feature is disabled by default , and must be manually enabled . after backups are enabled , a new backup menu item will appear under the menu of the locale home screen . from that menu item , you can create a backup to the phone 's sd card . when locale is re-installed , it will automatically detect any existing backups and ask whether you had like to restore them . because manual backups are a beta feature , we are unable to offer any support . to enable manual backups , please follow these instructions : allow installing apps outside of the android market a . go to the android settings b . tap on applications c . tap on unknown sources install backup enabler a . open the web browser on your phone b . go to this address : www.twofortyfouram.com/backup.apk c . once the download completes , tap on the download d . follow the instructions to install perform backup a . open locale b . choose menu -> backup
the weird problem had a weird solution . i turned the phone off and turned it on again , and the problem was gone . i can not give any reason as to why the problem occurred and why it got solved . might be a bug .
64-bit wep key in ascii mode is 5 characters , and since you have said your wep key is 0e39c004e1 , you have to enter it in hex mode . i am not sure if your phone can handle hex input , so if i were you , i would try to ( temporarily ) assign some other wep password , which can be entered in ascii mode ( 5 random characters , letters or numbers ) , and see if that works from your phone . since you have mentioned that both your phones , xperia x10 and xperia s have the same problem with this router , it might be a good idea to invest about $30 in small wifi router , which can connect to your home network and serve internet to your phones and other wireless devices . i use tl-mr3020 and it works perfectly in many situations .
not sure if you mean you still want to use gv services , but with your phones ' native number ? or do you mean you want to completely circumvent using gv sometimes ? if you meant still use gv , but with your native number : voice-> settings-> this phone 's number then just choose your phone 's native number ( you are still using gv services , but caller-id will show your phone 's number , not your gv number ) . if you meant completely circumvent gv and use your phone as if gv was not installed : voice-> settings-> making calls . choose either Do not use Google Voice to make any calls or Ask every time I make a call
i found a few work arounds , although not too elegant . music i used winamp for mac , and the winamp app to transfer the music from my itunes library . i loaded winamp , and told it to import my itunes media , waited for it to finish , then created playlists . i can then right-click the playlist on the left , and click send to-> lg optimus g . the transfer took a while over wifi , but it moved my library over other files i used the bluetooth exchange program for my mac . in hindsight , i learned eventually i could have transferred via wifi with es file explorer ' s ftp or smb sharing . but again , this is how i solved it . bluetooth was deadly slow , but it did eventually work .
as avio 's answer says this is normal , but i assume you are wondering why . it is because the battery does not have enough charge to keep the voltage level up . the hardware will only work within a certain voltage range , just like pc hardware for example . most ( all ? ) phones do not have the redundant circuitry and so on to allow them to be powered directly from the usb port while the battery charges , so you have to wait till the battery charges to the minmum required level . as an aside , android normally shuts down with about 5% of battery left , avoiding this problem . unless you turned it back on after this point , it might be that your version does not do this or that the battery stats are messed up and need to be wiped .
i think to move to the standard google build , you have to root your nexus to bypass the signature verification . otherwise you can not go to the google build . i have a nexus one and it is the same thing . before , i can get the google ota , i had to root my phone .
these apps will not work with custom rom 's , as they are designed to be run with the samsung software , and require libraries etc from the samsung software .
when you root your device you are gaining administrator access to it ( root ) . nothing more nothing less . so , unless you install a third party rom , you will continue to receive updates and be able to use the source code you download . one small issue , updates may unroot your phone if you install them . some useful reading on this subject : what does “to root a phone” mean ? are there any risks to rooting a device ?
user dictionary manager might be what you are looking for . from the description : udm is an application that allows you to edit/export/import/delete/clean the user dictionary words found on your android phone .
i then tried uninstalling gmail by deleting the file and then trying to reinstall it from the play store you can not install it from the play store , you can only update an existing version . this is to prevent phones that have not met google 's official criteria from getting the core google apps , though there are workarounds ( see below ) . the apk deletion seemed to put it in a strange state where it disappeared from the phone . . . but still the play store considers it as installed deleting the . apk is akin to deleting acrobat.exe from windows without uninstalling adobe acrobat . it will not run since it does not exist , but the system still thinks it is installed and there may be other junk left behind . to fix this you had need to flash the google apps package ; this question might help with that . since you are only suffering from the market not auto-updating right now , you can either try to trigger the update or manually install the new version ; see this question for that . in the future do not delete apps you want ! or at least back them up :p
as i mentioned in my comment , upon further research i found that " follow me " feature or " navigation without destination set " was removed from the latest release of android map app . following someone else 's advice i am switching ( at least for now ) . to the waze app
the clue is in the owner/group id . . . $ ls -l /system/bin/su -rwsr-xr-x root app_101 26234 2012-07-09 15:00 su  notice the group id is set to ' app_101' , that should be ' root ' , but then again , you need the busybox binary ( which is part of the superuser . apk binary , when installed , it copies the relevant said binary into /system/xbin ) in order to be able to chown it .
a brief post about speeding up a htc hero . are you with sprint by any chance ? this thread and this thread have at least one suggestion : have a look in menu > settings > about phone > system updates > htc software update . apparently there is a . 6 firmware patch . unfortunately , most of the posts are not reassuring . perhaps time to upgrade/change phones ?
nevermind . this was a " quick reply " feature of chompsms . wow . that was hard to find . guess will accept this in 2 days .
couple options : use the swap file feature of your ram manager . that'll give you more ( up to 256mb more ) memory to play with and might be enough to stave off the music player kill . toss the ram manager and use something ( like minfreemanager or manually edit the values in /sys/module/lowmemorykiller/parameters/minfree 1 ) that will let you manually specify the low memory killer 's parameters . for the latter , since your priorities are not the usual ones ( kill foreground before killing background , rather than the other way around ) , you want to toss the presets ( which assume " the usual priorities" ) and set the values as such . specifically , you want to set the visible_app ( an app that is not on screen , but is doing something , in this case , cranking out tunes ) value to be lower ( and thus lower on the kill list ) than the foreground_app ( exactly what it says on the tin ) value . further information on what the lmk does and what all these values mean can be found on my answer to this question , which is probably more relevant to your question than the one it was an answer to . 1 as i mention in my other answer , values in this file are in pages , which are 4kb . 8192 , for example , is 32mb .
disable syncing in google chrome . remove stored sync data on your google dashboard . enable sync again in google chrome making sure that only the passwords are encrypted . disable and enable sync browser in ics . there is a more detailed howto with photos on my blog if you need it .
i think that there is no other way as to simply delete the files on your android device . make sure you have a copy of the files on your pc or an external hd . i am not sure if one can download the mp3s easily from the google music cloud . you have the files in google musics cloud , why do you need them on the device too ? the music app will cache the files on the device for fast/offline access .
1 ) because only the root user can change the system 's frequency/governor . it is a system level function call and only root can do that . 2 ) under clocking really is not the problem . . . it is over clocking . you can not really damage the device , but you could end up in an infinite boot loop and an average user may not know how to get out of that . 3 ) also : you usually want to replace the kernel when over/under clocking to get new frequencies and possibly under volting to save power ( but at the same time , you are going out of the parameters of the cpu and it may end up boot looping because no two cpus are made exactly alike when you are doing things outside their normal operating parameters ) .
i have solved my own problem today and i would like to provide the solution for others that might encounter it . the actual internal memory for this phone should amount to exactly 0,96 gb or close to that . i got aware of this comparing my phone to another one from the same model . i first tried formatting the flash memory ( or mass memory ) on my phone , but to no avail . so i tried doing a reset and it solved the issue . to do this : go to settings . choose privacy . select factory data reset or the corresponding example in your native language . wait for the phone to do its thing . you should see some code/script running on the screen . now wait . when everything is loaded and you configured the minimum settings , open the application task manager . you should be able to see the correct size .
both ubuntu phone ( which is based on the same linux distro as full ubuntu ) and android run on a linux kernel . however they differ above the kernel level , whereas ubuntu runs a full gnu/linux os with most of the standard linux libraries , and a gui based on qt , android runs a custom android and dalvik platform instead . it looks like one of the big benefits of them both being based on the same linux kernel is driver support . this means that for any android phone that has open-sourced drivers available ( either officially from the manufacturer 's source , or where a 3rd party rom developer has written them ) , it should be a much easier to task to get ubuntu phone running on it . ( notably pretty much every picture on the ubuntu phone site at the moment looks like it is of a galaxy nexus running ubuntu phone ) . ubuntu has already been adapted to run on chipsets using the arm and intel x86 architectures relevant for mobile devices , with the core system based around a typical android board support package ( bsp ) . so chipset vendors and hardware manufacturers do not need to invest in or maintain new hardware support packages for ubuntu on smartphones . in short , if you already make handsets that run android , the work needed to adopt ubuntu will be trivial . ( from http://www.ubuntu.com/devices/phone/operators-and-oems - my emphasis ) this means that , initially at least , it is phone manufacturers and ubuntu enthusiasts who are going to see the biggest benefit - that it should be fairly easy to get ubuntu phone working on a handset that was designed for android ( and fairly easy to sell the same hardware with a choice of os ) . as the vast majority of android apps are written using java for the dalvik vm , neither of which are guaranteed to be on an ubuntu phone ( though enthusiasts may port them later ) most of those apps will not work without a large amount of porting effort . ubuntu themselves are unlikely to be in a hurry to port java and dalvik to ubuntu phone after the legal problems that google have had with oracle . also the ubuntu phone has it is own qml toolkit and ubuntu sdk , neither of which are the same as ( or compatible with ) the android sdk or ndk apis , so again that is going to be a large amount of porting effort that will prevent android apps from being run on ubuntu straight away . on the other hand , if your app is primarily a web app with an android wrapper around it , then porting should be much easier as both heavily support html5 and javascript . web apps are first class citizens on ubuntu , with apis that provide deep integration into the interface . html5 apps written for other platforms can be adapted to ubuntu with ease , and we’re targeting standard cross-platform web app development frameworks like phonegap to make ubuntu ‘just work’ for apps that use them . ( from http://www.ubuntu.com/devices/phone/app-ecosystem ) despite all of those differences , history in the mobile space has shown us that if a mobile platform takes off in a big way , then no matter how big the time and effort needed to port apps between platforms , all the big apps and games will make their way to the new platform eventually and companies will come out with toolkits and software that makes it easy to write an app once that can then be compiled to run on any of the major platforms ( that allow it ) . it seems that most of ubuntu 's app-portability is concentrating on making it easy to convert web apps into ubuntu phone apps , and to make it easy to run exactly the same app on any ubuntu device - desktop , laptop or phone : with the arrival of the ubuntu sdk , apps can be written to work on all ubuntu form-factors : it’s the same ubuntu os on the desktop and on the phone , so a single native application can work on both . which means you re-use most of the app when you add support for a new form-factor . ( from http://www.ubuntu.com/devices/phone/app-ecosystem ) tl ; dr ubuntu phone and android are both based on a linux kernel but are different above that - they can share drivers ( this is good for manufacturers and hobbyists ) , but can not share apps . ubuntu phone shares apps with desktop ubuntu , not with android . they both have good web browsers and can view the same web pages .
dlna is basically the same thing . there are several apps that allow you to use dlna like twonky .
in the settings of the gmail app there is a setting called " email notifications " . uncheck that setting , and you should stop getting notifications from it .
i am going to answer generally , since the same is true of any smartphone . there are broadly two kinds of colour screen used on mobile devices ( smartphones , tablets , wearables , and handheld game consoles ) : lcds , and oleds . lcd screens these change their opacity according to an electrical signal . but to see that change in opacity , they need a source of illumination : a backlight . in early pdas and the first few generations of android phones , cfls ( which are basically small fluorescent tubes ) were used for backlights , but these days many lcd screens are lit by white leds . either way , the brightness slider controls how bright the backlight is by varying the voltage to it , so it directly affects power consumption , just like a dimmer control on a lamp . it used to be the case that lcds used a lot more power to be opaque , so displaying a black screen drew more power than displaying a white screen . however , manufacturing techniques and densities changed a few years ago , and the difference is negligible these days . oled screens oleds are a new kind of led . they can be a lot smaller than traditional semiconductor leds : small enough for each pixel to be a separate led . there is no need for a separate backlight . because of this , the brightness slider multiplies the brightness of every pixel separately . decreasing the brightness setting does not decrease power consumption directly . the power consumption of the screen depends on how bright is the actual image it is displaying . in general , decreasing the brightness slider will tend to decrease power consumption , because the screen is darker overall , but a white screen on minimum brightness will draw more power than a black screen on maximum brightness . some phones with oled screens have software that adjusts the brightness dynamically , instead of simply multiplying the screen colours by a constant value . this increases the brightness of the bright colours when more of the screen is dark , and decreases the brightness when more of the screen is bright , so the overall brightness looks the same . this can help save power : when you have adjusted the brightness so darks are clear in your environment , there is no point in the phone burning more power to make the brights look brighter than you need . on samsung phones with oled screens , you can find this in the display settings , labelled auto adjust screen tone . summary whatever type of display technology your phone uses , decreasing the brightness control can use less power , but for different reasons in each case .
the message is basically telling you that you do not have the correct bootloader version on your device ; specifically , you most likely have an older ics bootloader rather than the jelly bean one . you can read a bit about this on cyanogenmod 's google+ page , and the cm wiki page for the s3 succinctly notes : going forward , cm10.1 is no longer compatible with ics bootloaders on this device . please update or else you will get assert failures in recovery . you will need to upgrade to a newer bootloader . this carries some amount of risk since it is one of the few instances where you could potentially brick a device , but the risk is still generally pretty small . i found links to the newer at and t bootloader on xda that will work with cm 10.1 . you can flash them using odin or heimdall by following these instructions : go here http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=41503727postcount=13716 put phone into download mode and then open odin . choose the pda slot and then select the correct file for your device ( at and t is lk3 ) hit start and wait until its finished . done
yes , it works fine for me without sim-card . i can still use wifi for accessing internet .
tasker can have approaching/leaving a location as a trigger , and sending a text message as an action . i have read before of people setting it up to do exactly what you are asking for .
you will not find this setting in android 's gmail app , but on the gmail mobile site ( accessed via browser ) it is here :
as you said your phone is unrooted , which has two implications . you can not , without altering the phone thoroughly check whether it was tampered with . it makes it harder to tamper with the device . so what you are asking for is not possible without possibly destroying evidence of tampering . if you are afraid what they might have done to it i suggest two options : either do a factory reset or buy a new phone . even if you could look for evidence of tampering be aware that you can never be sure . checksums and modification dates can be faked . if i was you i would ditch that phone . i could never feel safe knowing that someone i do not know access to it for two days . prevention is another thing though . if you want to make sure that this does not happen again watch out for these things : screen lock . use at least a complicated pattern lock makes an attacker harder to access your data . even better set a pass phrase . root this gives complete control to anyone who has physical access to your device . plant fake call logs ? done ! fake text messages ? done ! install undetectable surveillance software ? done ! you get the idea . superuser ( the de facto standard app for managing root access ) has an option to require a passcode as a prerequisite to granting root . use it . disable usb debugging while it is not too dangerous in itself if coupled with root it can provide access to the entire contents of your device even if you have a screen lock . encryption if your device is running android 3.0 or later you have acces to full device encryption . use it . backup apps apps like titanium backup can backup sensitive data to your sdcard . even if you did all of the above , all an attacker would have to do is take out your sdcard an voila ! full access to everything ! make sure that your backups are encrypted with the strongest possible encryption .
files and directories below /data/data are protected from the " average user " , so you cannot simply " pull " them unless the adb daemon is running in root mode . other than the file you were referring to ( /system/buildprop is at least readable by all apps ) , folders below /data/data are " invisible " ( except for root ) , so they cannot even be read . to be able to use adb pull on them , you need to make your adb daemon run in root mode first . depending on the device , a simple adb root command might do that – but most devices will refuse to do . in those cases , you can use chainfire 's adbd insecure : install this app on your device , start it there , and manually switch to " insecure " mode . now the pull should succeed . remark : it is called " insecure " because running adbd as root gives everybody with a computer and an usb cable access to everything on your device . just in case you wonder .
before you do anything - make a nandroid backup using clockworkmod recovery or any other recovery tool that you may have . this is really important as it means that anything you can can be undone if needed . that said - i believe you can delete these files . i have not removed files from /data/data/ manually before , but to the best of my knowledge it will not have any bad side effects . i recommend you try just renaming that folder to something else to start off with and run your phone for a while to see if anything bad happens , if not then you are good to just remove it .
tethering an ios device to an android device will cause a wormhole to open and suck them both in . i do not recommend it . the non-sarcastic response to bt tethering on honeycomb
i had the same problem with google music . if you move the music slider to a different position , it will output sound on both sides , but the bug appears again once it changes track . i believe this is a bug on cyanogenmod 10.1 rc1 . i just updated to rc4 and the bug seems fixed . yay !
short answer : unless you have changed it yourself , it is dalvik . dalvik is currently the supported vm for android . art is a new vm , which is expected to become the supported one for the future l release . if you are using the l developer preview , you are using art . in kitkat , there is a preview ( an early beta version ) of art , which you can turn on from the developer options . it is not recommended to do this , because the preview has bugs and is not yet compatible with all apps . the option 's there primarily for app developers to test their apps with art and report bugs . so unless you are using the l developer preview , or have turned on art in the developer settings , you are using dalvik , which is the only recommended option for end users .
i would keep the phone rooted , with the sale option of restoring to stock rom ( if that is what the customer wants ) . or you can give the phone back with a stock rom with root . clockwork should let you do that . make sure you factory reset the phone before you give it to them ( rooted or not ) and format the sd card too .
it looks like this is a physical problem with the camera - either the lens or ( more likely ) the glass that covers the lens . on a close inspection of the camera i can see a lot ( for the small area ) of dark specks on the inside of the outermost lens element . i do not know what is caused this , but it is this that is causing the reduction in quality of the images .
now with your latest details , a raw approach . as you are on a stock rom , switching gps might not work out-of-the-box . in case it does not work , take a look at the secure settings plugin , which should be able to help out . i assume your raw concept is : 8am to 5pm is work time , and you want different settings during work hours and after leaving work , considering eventual late-work issues . so this should preferably turn out as a single profile : at work do . . . and after work switch to . . . . so here 's what shoud basically work : profile " work": condition : time from 8am till 5pm task : audio -> silent mode : on exit task : misc -> gps : on ( might need to be replaced by secure settings , see above ) now we enter a second profile , and you probably do not even need gps : profile : " afterwork": condition : state -> tasker -> profile active : " work " [ x ] invert state -> phone -> cell near : ( scan your work cells ) [ x ] invert task : audio -> silent mode : off so you see you neither need gps nor the 15min wait loop . at 8am the " work " profile gets active , and switches your phone to silent mode . as you do not really need gps , you can define some dummy exit task here ( e . g . again switching silent mode on ) , as otherwise tasker would automatically revert to the " before " mode . the second profile does not even check conditions before " work " has completed , as tasker remembers which profiles are active . after that , it starts monitoring the surrounding mobile cells -- which are either known by the phone as needed for telephony . if none of the surrounding cells match any of the scanned cells , the attached task is executed and silent mode turned off . but why so complicated ? much easier done like this : profile " work": condition : cell near ( scan your work place mobile cells ) task : audio -> silent mode : on done . no matter what time you are at work , your phone will be silent . and no matter whether you leave work early or late , silent mode will be switched off .
here 's what i need to do : 1st step : launch the settings app , scroll to the bottom , and tap about phone . 2nd step : in the middle of the screen is the listing for android version . tap this item until you see a jelly bean appear on your screen . you can then tap and hold the giant jelly bean until your device vibrates . you should then see interactive beans floating all over your screen . and yes , you can fling them . go ahead , try it . 3rd step : after doing , this the beanflinger daydream will be unlocked . you can find the daydream option by going to settings > display > daydream . hope it will help to all of the users facing this same kind of problem .
this seems like a bug in one of the apps you use . best you can do is report it to their developers through the play store .
if your android is not root , you can try another pc program called backuptans android sms + mms transfer . connected your phone to computer via usb or wifi and then click the backup button to save messages on computer . and yes , mms restoring from computer to android is supported . tested with my galaxy s3 . ps : it also can work for an android phone with broken screen . just make sure your have enabled usb debugging on device first .
yes , it can be done but it requires root . you edit the device fingerprint in the build . prop file . here are details : http://androidforums.com/samsung-galaxy-spica/98024-protected-app-market-fix-tutorial-build-prop.html edit : for a more complete answer , see modify phone model in build . prop to purchase unsupported apps before i upgrade to a new phone ?
swiping down on the left side of the screen should bring down the notification window shade and swiping down on the right side of the screen should bring down the new " quick settings " window shade which has the settings icon and some other handy settings easily available . as far as the screen adjusting , this is known as auto-rotate and can be changed in the quick settings as well ( shown below ) . notification shade : quick settings shade :
when your android device is rooted , you should be able to flash images . there is a " gapps " package that contains the google applications ( like gmail , . . . ) that is delivered with most aosp roms , so you can flash that through recovery . if i am not mistaken , this enables the google play store on the given rom . i think the gapps package must be ( somewhat ) compatible with the rom it is being flashed on . there are also separate apk files that you can install directly ( without flashing ) , though i have no experience with those . and again , they probably must be compatible with the rom you are currently running . please refer to xda-developers . com for more information .
the android market is on the galaxy s , it is a google-approved device . edit : since you are not on froyo already i recommend getting it through kies mini , download from : http://samsung.com/uk/ . that should have the market since it is not through your carrier . you have a gt-i9000 , so you could also try a jpx-based rom like this one : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=854799
you are right in that it theoretically should be possible to make the switch without dropping the signal , but unfortunately we users and even cm developers can do very little to change that . the only thing the rom does is tell the radio to switch from one mode to another , it is up to the radio 's firmware to decide how to make the change . these firmwares are not something you can change , since giving the users the power to change how the radio works is just asking for trouble . the reason why the firmwares lose the signal probably has to do with the fact that when you change the mode , you actually turn off part of the radio that handles the now unused network mode . but when the switch happens because of bad reception the radio that lost signal stays on and continues to search for a signal ( so you can get 3g back after you return to civilization ) .
one part of google maps is a so called " location service " , which kicks in on a couple of intents ( e . g . always when your network connectivity changes -- which happens when you login to a new wifi network , or to a new cell tower ) . it caches your current location to the " location cache " , which should serve to faster provide your current location when needed ( and to update google 's location database , as the cache is contents are submitted in intervals ) . without being rooted , there is not much you can do about . but if your device is rooted , you have several options : use an app like autorun manager pro ( yes , here you need the " pro" ) to disable the listeners which cause it to kick-in 1 use titanium backup ★ root to freeze the app when you do not need it , and un-freeze it on demand 2 which method to prefer ? i personally would go for the second . titanium backup lets you create a widget on your desktop to toggle the " frozen state " of an app , so you can easily switch it on/off . disabling some listeners might work well -- but the app also might start behaving strangely .
the update is cumulative , it will directly be upgraded to 4.4.3 unfortunately the latest update does not address that bug . source
if you are sure you can remove the apps , you need to be rooted ( see how do i root my phone ? ) to do so . i recommend using titanium backup to uninstall them , you just load titanium and then click on the app name to bring up a menu where you can uninstall it .
motorola 's xoom support forums has a thread that is updated when updates go out , and contains links to the lists of changes in the updates which ( for us wifi xooms ) is here . according to that two software updates have gone out in the last few weeks , htk55d and htk75d the first contains security updates , the second updates to included apps . specifically they contain : htk55d platform security fixes : diginotar certificate revocation the security fix removes a compromised root certificate authority ( ca ) . libpng security update libpng has been updated to version 1.2.46 to correct for multiple publicly-known security issues . htk75d android™ market has been updated . android™ books has been updated .
there should be a " downloads " app in your app drawer . open it to view your downloads . previous versions of android ( up to gingerbread , afaik , possibly honeycomb ) had a " downloads " option in the browser itself under Menu-&gt;More-&gt;Downloads , but it is possible this no longer exists on ics . alternatively , if you have a file manager they should be in /sdcard/download , i believe ( on ics this actually appears to have changed to /sdcard/Download with a capital ' d' ) . it can vary by device a bit , but generally it should be /&lt;whatever_your_"sdcard"_path_is&gt;/download .
there is nothing that forces the use of https for android applications . some data may not make sense to transfer over https , instead relying on other mechanisms ( say , gpg key signature checks ) to verify the data .
nope , at least not as of now . you can factory reset your device to remove the first account you set up ( on some devices , you can just remove all the accounts without the reset ) and then add the other one first , if you would like to use it instead . but if you actively want to use both , you are stuck .
first of all , since you have modified the system , the ota update could very well fail partway through -- most of those are distributed as patches against the existing binaries . the easy way to update is to find a pre-rooted stock rom , like this one . you may need to update your radio first though , information and download links are available here . i think the one you have was the official froyo radio -- you will need the gingerbread radio for newer roms to work properly . 2.15.10.07.07 is the official gingerbread radio . however , if you want to go the hard way , keeping root ( or at least the ability to re-root easily ) is easy provided your incredible is nand unlocked ( aka s-off ) . recent versions of unrevoked do this automatically , but depending on where you downloaded from and when could affect that . to check if you are s-off , reboot into the bootloader ( aka hboot ) . to do that , power off the phone , then hold down the volume down button and power it up . keep the vol dn button held until you get a screen like the following : you can also see the notification that it has s-off at the top of the screen . that is what you want to see . if that is missing ( or says s-on ) , then you do not have s-off . if you are not , get the latest unrevoked forever . once that is done , you can flash whatever you want and still be able to reroot easily by simply flashing your recovery of choice ( often clockworkmod ) from hboot and then reflashing a root/superuser package from recovery .
i think i have found the solution . check this link . it is a hack and it requires a phone to be rooted , but it does allow you to use alphanumeric password for encryption and pin for screen unlock .
in opera mobile , you can enable opera turbo to use the same proxying technology as used by opera mini . android stock browser does not use compressing proxy at all and i believe neither does firefox mobile ( though given that firefox mobile has plugins system there might be a plugin for that ) . several lesser known browsers in the market does use similar proxying technique , but i can not recall off the top of my head which ones though .
starting with version 6 , deduplication support has been built into clockworkmod recovery . the blobs directory folder contains a hashed directory structure that holds the deduplicated files across all backups . see the developer 's google+ post for more , in short : tl ; dr : clockworkmod recovery now deduplicates files between builds . this results in way smaller backups . do not delete /sdcard/clockworkmod/blobs
simply put , fastboot oem lock puts your bootloader into a mode that prevents you from overwriting your recovery image , without a subsequent fastboot oem unlock . this serves as a security precaution , primarily where the default recovery and firmware is installed . because : the default recovery will only allow manufacturer/google signed firmware to be installed and does not allow you to do much of anything else . unlocking the bootloader will erase all data . . . . . you can rest assured that , under this configuration , no one can take your phone and , say , bypass a screen lock by installing a custom firmware where the security considerations are different . note that as this merely locks in your recovery , and then again only from bootloader-overwrites , this is most useful where the recovery is stock , and the installed rom is an official one that has no security vulnerabilities . this is important because in most recoveries , and in some roms , there are ways to clandestinely access data via usb , bypass security settings with fixed button presses or unpatched backdoors , or install custom recoveries .
problem solved , and i think i am finally getting a handle on all of this after several hours of some serious digging through the interwebz , and a bit of trial and error . so here is what i ended up doing , step by step : locate a stock rom as suggested by matthew read and user12295 . this was possibly the hardest part as there were so many dead links out there , and i ended up using a link i found to the shipped roms website . i elected to download the file labelled RUU_Ace_Gingerbread_S_HTC_WWE_2.50.405.2_Radio_12.54.60.25_26.09.04.11_M2_release_199042_signed.exe . fully charged the battery on the phone . located the original htc cable in a fit of paranoia and connect my phone to my laptop using a usb2.0 port . for some weird reason the usb3.0 on my particular laptop would not let me connect the phone during the flashing process the first time i tried to do this . ran the ruu utility that i had downloaded , crossed my fingers , and waited for the phone to be wiped and flashed after navigating the various screens of the ruu . saw my phone go through a reboot at the end of the process . . . and all connectivity was working with full networking/identity data restored . so it turns out that the imei number is flashed to a different bit of the phone 's internal memory , and the stock flash somehow picks this up . so all systems go , but i miss many of the features of the phone , including the better battery life that i had under a better rom and because a couple of my own experimental apps will no longer work . all of a sudden i wish i would downloaded the 1.72 version of the ruu as it seems i need to go through a downgrade process in order to root the phone and get a custom rom reinstalled . after a bit more interwebz digging , i came across an application called ultimate multi tool , and i worked through the following procedure : connected phone to laptop ( as per earlier process ) set phone to charge only on the phone , enabled settings -> applications -> unknown sources on the phone , enabled settings -> applications -> development -> usb debugging ran the ultimate multi tool operations -> temproot operations -> gold card . clicked on the cid button to get the id for my sd-card . clicked on the " free htc goldcard generator " link and filled out the form on the screen to generate a goldcard image . clicked on the load goldcard . img button and located the goldcard . img file clicked on the create goldcard button . operations -> downgrade . i needed to locate a file called pd98img . zip before i could begin the downgrade process . the downgrade process was very slow . took about 30 minutes for me , but your time may vary . as an afterthought , simply applying an earlier ruu may have been a better approach , but i thought i should document exactly what i did . phone rebooted into hboot menu , and i simply followed instructions on pc and phone screens . waited for downgrade to complete and rebooted phone . repeat steps 2 , 3 , 4 , and 5 used on screen buttons to push visionary+ and superuser to the phone . on the phone , ran visionary+ checked the set system r/w after root checkbox selected temproot now after process finished , selected permroot now superuser asks for permissions , so pressed the allow button phone reboots set phone to charge only once it had finished rebooting completely back to ultimate multi tool , and selected file -> check s-off/cid/sim superuser asks for permissions , so pressed the allow button tool now reports back that the cid is a whole bunch of 1 's , phone is s-off , and sim unlocked . :- )
since this is of the samsung galaxy family , the following may help you : on my galaxy s3 , the setting is controlled as ' alerts on call ' . see : dialer\call settings\call alert\alerts on call - uncheck this and calls will not be interrupted with notifications .
i do not have your phone model on hand to try , but you can give this link a shot . generally , just go to settings > security > check make passwords visible . this is true for my phone ( htc desire , bcm 4.0.4 ) . hope it works for you .
the instructions i have followed in the link above do the job . the solution to my two problems listed above was : replace this micro/mini usb to usb adapter http://www.bestbuy.com/site/rocketfish%26%23153%3b+-+1.5%27+usb+cable/1000247.p?id=1218207305639skuid=1000247st=rf-cc1mccp=1lp=1 . . . with this one : http://www.bestbuy.com/site/rocketfish%26%23153%3b+mobile+-+micro+usb+data+transfer+cable/2077196.p?id=1218308698225skuid=2077196st=rocketfish%20micro%20usb%20cp=1lp=3 it sounds weird but trust me do not get micro usb to usb adapter from the first link . you will not be able to access the kindle fire as a storage device , guaranteed .
from what i have read , the only photos that are backed up are those in the folder named " dcim/camera " , which should include photos from your camera . if you move other photos there ( e . g . downloaded , etc . ) , they should be backed up .
at least in this device , the network configuration dialog is plagued with bugs . what i did is to create the network , save it , then long click to modify it and the options appear . i have also used wifi manager to configure the network . good to know someone developed an app to do what google could not get right . and i have seen some other bugs in this dialog too . for instance , when you type the ca certificate name , then you save the network , and then you open it again to modify , the cert name is no longer there ( this field used to be a spinner in previous versions , but now it is a regular text field ) . a similar problem happens with the password . after typing it and saving the network , then opening the network again to modify it , the password field only contains a single character . and it somehow seems to save the configuration mostly ok , it is just the dialog is not initialized correctly with the previously saved fields .
as mentioned in my question there is a " contacts " app already listed under settings > apps > all , but there is no way to directly launch this . there is no related contacts/people app icon on the apps page . i have accessed this " contacts " app at least once in the past , via another application , but i cannot remember how i did this . anyway . . . a workaround . . . i installed resizable contacts widget ics . this is a very small/simple app that provides a widget that you can place on the home screen to give quick access to one ( or more ) of your contacts . tap the contact/widget and a contact summary pops up . tap the contact summary and it opens the full contact app from which i can search and manage all my ( gmail ) contacts . solution dan kindly emailed me this solution for how to access this mysterious contacts app from within your mail app - no third party apps required . at the top of any incoming email ( using google mail app or the android mail app ) in the big blue bar at the top you will see the sender ( picture or icon ) and sender 's address . if you click on the senders picture or icon there will be a pop-up with details on that contact . in the pop-up , just under the picture to the right there will be a small " head and shoulders " icon . click that , and voila ! you are in the contacts app . the sender needs to already be in your contacts for this to work , otherwise you get prompted , ' add "xyz@example.com" to contacts ' ? as dan admits , this is " still back assward " , but it would seem to be the most viable solution so far for what has proved to be a rather common problem !
the clue is in the error message , which says it can not connect to the proxy server . if your device is configured to use a web proxy , then it'll never connect directly to localhost : it connects to the web proxy and asks that for the web page you really want . this will not work with a local web server . to use a local web server , turn off your web proxy settings . see this related question for more info about that .
app developers have the ability to do a staged roll-out of updates to their apps through google play store . this means that a small percentage of users ( chosen randomly ) receives the update first . the developer can gauge the feedback , and then proceed to a wide roll-out until they reach 100% of their install base . it is possible that the latest version of this particular app was recently released in such a staged roll-out . one of your phones was randomly selected to be in the initial stage , while the other was not . there is nothing for you to do , other than wait for the roll-out to complete . as comments suggest , you can also attempt to sync the app manually by retrieving it from one phone and installing it on the other . this requires installation of usb drivers for your phone on your computer , and a copy of android sdk . if you are rooted , you can get the apk of the app using adb pull /data/app/&lt;app_package_name&gt;.apk c:\ command , and then connect the other phone and do adb install -r c:\&lt;app_package_name&gt;.apk . on unrooted devices you may want to look into adb backup utility which allows you to generate an .ab file which contains the apk of the app , along with its data . for example , the command adb backup -f c:\Skype.ab -apk com.skype.raider creates " skype . ab " file on my c : drive that contains the skype app and its data . i can then use adb restore c:\Skype.ab command to restore the app with the data . optionally , you can clear the data for the app from your other phone in settings -> apps . the difficulty is locating the package name of the app you want to back up . although package names are usually descriptive enough , sometimes they can be quite cryptic . fortunately , play store itself has the package name in the url . in your example , the app out of milk is located at the following url : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.capigami.outofmilk . the portion of this url after " id=" is the package name . in this case it is com . capigami . outofmilk . so your backup command becomes adb backup -f c:\OutOfMilk.ab -apk com.capigami.outofmilk .
kies allows backups , but not the application settings , only limited content such as contacts , bookmarks , music , photo and videos . you can see the kies tutorial on backup : open kies v2.0 , " help menu-> kies tutorial-> backup and restore mobile phone data " section for details and a movie . you can also try mybackup free from market , which does not require root . wish you luck !
any phone you will get will draw power from the battery , not directly from the charger . let 's make some assumptions : your phone takes 2 hours to charge when off . your phone always uses constant power when on . your phone drains a full battery in 8 hours . charging and discharging is completely linear . so if you plug your phone in when it is completely drained and turn it on , it will be charged to 75% ( 100% - 2/8 ) after two hours . it'll take 3 hours and 20 minutes to charge fully . as illustrated above it will take longer to charge the battery when the battery 's being drained at the same time . obviously , none of the assumptions hold in real life , but it is more or less accurate . certainly it will charge the fastest when off . as for the question of cpu scaling , that is very interesting . the rate of battery drain affects the maximum rate of charge , so less cpu work means less drain and a faster charge . i am not totally convinced that underclocking the cpu will achieve this , though . if your phone is idle it should already be doing a negligible amount of work . slowing the cpu will make that little amount of work use the cpu for longer . it is almost certainly chipset-dependent whether 100 ms at 100 mhz take more or less energy than 10 ms at 1000 mhz , for example . if setcpu is altering the voltages as well , that further complicates things .
go to settings > wireless and networks > wi-fi settings press menu and choose advanced . click wi-fi sleep policy and make sure never is selected . this might help your wifi connection remain connected . these are available on my samsung spica running v2.1 ( eclair ) .
ftpserver is very good , swiftp is another option . i believe they are both in the market .
the xda wiki entry of the nexus 7 only mentions two models : wifi model : me370t cellular model : me370tg so if you have a functional sim card slot then you have the cellular model , otherwise the wifi-only one .
your google research is correct . there is an order . root → unlock bootloader → install custom recovery ( twrp or cwm ) → backup current rom → install custom rom ( cyanogenmod or aosp etc ) . without being rooted and having bootloader unlocked , you will not be able to install recovery and custom room . that is why it needs to be done first . cyanogenmod is pre-rooted . so you do not have to do it again once it is installed . initial rooting of your current rom and installing recovery is only one time process . you can then backup/restore the roms using the recovery of your choice ( twrp/cwm ) . assuming you have rooted/installed custom recovery , make sure to backup current rom should anything go wrong . also wipe data/cache/dalvik cache before installing the new custom rom . there is usually a hardware combination button to access recovery menu or you can issue reboot recovery command from terminal .
there is work in progress to add support for tasks in caldav-sync . check this out : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z3ijc6icbiq
go to Settings -&gt; About phone -&gt; USB Settings and set it to mass storage . you may also need to enable or disable Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Development -&gt; USB debugging . the drives should be visible to the pc when you connect the device , but you should also have to click the usb notification you mention and tell it to actually mount the storage to pc so that they are accessible . finally , try looking at this for more info : http://androidforums.com/android-lounge/115574-solved-cannot-mount-android-device-via-usb-linux.html
i installed vlingo and i switched over to that as the input method and i no longer have the above issues .
i have found the solution some time ago . the app external keyboard helper pro makes it work correctly .
i believe you need the stock recovery , based on http://2chnull.info/r/smartphone/1292830738/801-900 . you can get back to stock recovery easily , for example follow this thread : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=884093
if es file explorer doesnt work , i suggest that you use superbeam : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.majedev.superbeam it uses wifi direct technology to transfer files at wifi speeds , and the wifi direct connection is initialized by scanning a qr code generated by the app of by touching them together with nfc on . you can " share " the file with superbeam and opening the app starts the reciever end of the communication
a friend just recommended call control to me for this very reason . i am starting to get spam calls on my cell phone and it disgusts me . plus there is a black list feature as well .
have a look on http://www.appoozle.com/ they provide an app and a web information service that allows publishers to justify the permissions their apps require .
androphp looks like it'll fill your needs quite nicely . you can . . . deply dynamic php content serve pages over lan use a mysql database heck , this'd be awesome for all sorts of events . have people whip out their phones , navigate to your locally hosted signup form , etc , then export the mysql tables out later .
it is a built-in bug report feature . http://rootzwiki.com/topic/16019-keeps-asking-me-to-email-bug-report/#entry410481 this is built into android . it is a debugging tool that lets you send a bug report . it sends to you because you manually triggered it . it is very easy to trigger it , even accidentally . if you press both volume buttons and the power button at the same time , it will vibrate once . then it takes nearly a full minute before the phone vibrates three times and the bug report pops up . it also does not seem to keep processing when the phone is asleep , so if you accidentally do it when say checking the time or something , it will not show up until the next time you unlock your phone . it is easy to trigger and i have done it by accident quite a few times when either checking the time or taking a screenshot ( it is pretty easy to press both volume keys accidentally when taking a screenshot ) . you can disable the bug report function by going to /system/bin/ and deleting or renaming bugreport and bugmailer . sh , but i am not sure if this will affect the ability to send bug reports for other system apps . then it will not happen anymore . it can also be disabled in the rom code by the developer .
the error [ rpc:s-5:aec-0 ] is down to having to remove your google account and re-add it again . if your account is primary google account , the only way you can remove it is to factory reset and re-install everything ! that is the only known cure and quoted by google themselves ! do not think they are taking it seriously enough . it broke on a previous update to google play store about two months ago . i get that too , if keep trying over a few minutes , it will eventually update , not successfully though . i do think its more of an issue on the google system itself in conjunction with play store app . it is not just confined to aosp jb/ics or cyanogenmod , i get in on gingerbread too . ps : as matter of curiousity - do you have google 2-step account verification active on your account ?
i solved this by erasing all contacts on the sim . here 's how : contacts app -> menu -> view . uncheck all but sim , press ok . menu -> delete . menu -> select all . press delete . after a while all sim contacts are gone . now re-enable showing the phone and/or google contacts and you are good to go ! ( my phone uses swedish so maybe the menu items/buttons above have other similar names )
i found the solution on another blog , seems to be working . http://forums.androidcentral.com/samsung-galaxy-s4/334381-touchwiz-wont-stay-default-launcher.html
the wikipedia page on loop devices explains this pretty well . it is basically a " pseudo-device " ( i.e. . a device which does not exist physically ) that allows a file to be treated as a block device ( for example , a hard drive ) . you need support for it because the ubuntu system is stored as a . img file , which is essentially created to be a file representation of a filesystem or disk partition . by mounting it on a loop device you can access the file as though it really was a whole filesystem , thus creating a sort of " virtual " partition ( or disk ) for ubuntu to live on .
i have been interested in trying this for a little while , but for now i have just been using ssh . the guide i have been eyeing on the subject is here , which is using openvpn to dd-wrt on android . it seems pretty straightforward .
rooting the galaxy attain 4g ( sch-r920 ) on metropcs a step by step tutorial accredit to zhelezaka from http://forum.x-drivers.com/ . requirements : necessary files : all files hosted on my dropbox account ! odin3 v1.85 ; attain rooted update ; attain 4g pit file ; setup : a pc running the windows operating system ; i have used windows 7 the cable to connect your android device to the pc . tutorial : download all files from the " necessary files list " to a folder on your desktop ; extract *odin3_v1.85 . zip* to a folder on your desktop ; locate an open the odin 1.85 . exe to open up odin3 ; if the user account control ( uac ) pops up , accept the execution of the file . click on the pda button . navigate to the location where you downloaded the attain-rooted-update . tar file and select it . click on the pit button . navigate to the the location where you downloaded the attain-4g . pit file and select it . do not forget to extract the file first , since the application only works with the attain-4g . pit file inside the zip you have downloaded . make sure that repartition is unchecked . this is important as checking this will most definitely brick your device ! note that when you select the pit file , it gets checked , you need to uncheck it yourself . power down your device ; with your device switched off , press and hold the volume down + home + power buttons . then press the volume up key to enter the download mode . connect your device to the windows pc . you should see the id:com field light up yellow when you do this ; if this does not happen , it means that you don’t have the necessary drivers installed . you can download samsung kies and install it to rectify this problem . android sdk samsung usb driver your odin3 screen should now look like the picture posted below . again , make sure that the re-partion tickbox is unchecked before you click start ! click on start . note : once odin3 says " pass " and your device reboots , your samsung galaxy attain 4g should be rooted ! ! if you are in doubt though , the usual way to confirm is to download root checker from the google play store or look for the superuser app in the app drawer . useful links : samsung product page gsmarena device specifications
this answer is based on comments from niall c . there are 5 phases in the process : select each contact , and then link them when relevant . the goal is to have 1 friend = 1 contact . export the list ( contact > menu > more > import export > to sd card ) , it will work even if you do not have any sd card . transfer the file to a computer ( the file is quite light , even with gpg keys and user pics ) open gmail , backup your contact by exporting them import the vcf file and that is all ! your contacts in gmail have now phone numbers ! do not worry , gmail merge contacts becase their email adress is already known . source : stackexchange-url
the process for getting cm on htcs in my experience ( htc sensation , raider , one s , desire z ) has been to : unlock the bootloader , usually via htc dev , after installing only sync drivers flash custom recovery - twrp preferred , but cwm works fine flash superuser zip file for easy root . if that does not work , i can suggest vroot , worked great on an lenovo ascend g610 with little documentation on the web run s-off tool of choice , sometimes terminal based , sometimes it is an easy apk set supercid for easy flashing of other stock roms flash cyanogen and gapps , make sure to clear data before first boot do not try to install custom bootloaders with s-on , as i have bricked an htc hero that was s-on , tried to flash amarulz hboot , and it never started up again . the method above has successfully unlocked all the htc devices first mentioned , without any bricks . to answer your questions , you can not flash a custom recovery because you are s-on . perhaps you cannot get the unlock key for your hboot because it predates htcs unlocking program . my htc hero got an hboot update that required the use of using htcdev to unlock . if you are looking to flash a recovery via adb shell , you will need to use ' dd ' for that .
some apps offer a network monitor , e.g. os monitor does : as you can see in the second screenshot , it even allows you to look-up the destination and show it in a map . quick system info offers a similar feature : as you can see in the last entry of this screenshot , it even names the app which holds this connection . these are two examples of real-time monitoring which do not require root . if your device is rooted , you might also want to take a look at droidwall : this app offers to keep a log of all network accesses for each app . plus , as a firewall app , you can restrict apps to wifi , mobile network , or even forbid them network access altogether .
you would need to root your phone . for file managers with root access , you can try astro or root explorer . if the app loads the default folder , keep going up the parent folder until you can no longer move up ; that will be the root folder .
should i relock the bootloader after getting s-off ? will that prevent me from doing anything ? no . you can not flash unsigned rom nor alter rom ( e . g . get permanent root ) . source . in that tutorial under the facepalm instructions , do i need to do step 7 if i already got s-off using facepalm ? yes . it is needed so you can flash the /boot partition from recovery . the stock hboot blocks access while in recovery . source . how can i remove * tampered * from the bootloader ? update 2013-08-16: from op : after following the steps he mentioned in the guide , TAMPERED is gone and has been replaced with the -- DirtyRacun -- label. There also is nothing that says UNLOCKED anymore .
as of 10/20/12 , no one has ever rooted the commando . xda developers forum is home to some of the innovators in the droid world , and no one there has yet come up with a way . couple of reference points for you : casio g'zone commando [ q ] casio commando 2.3.3 root-impossible
it is not possible with the google launcher , but it is fully possible in 4.4 in general , you just need to stop using google 's launcher . the " regular " launcher is still included so you can switch to that .
it turned out to be a sync error for some contacts with malformed birthday field created on android which causes exchange to silently fail . you can debug it , by getting the exchange server-side logs , by going to your exchange webmail ( outlook web access , owa ) : login in to webmail . yourdomain . com go to : options -> all options -> phone mark your current device and click -> " start logging " start sync on the phone in webmail click " stop logging " and look at the new mail create in your inbox in the log i got three of these errors : . . . which causes the whole sync and all subsequent contact syncing to silently do nothing . i had to remove the birthday field from these contacts on android . i hope this helps someone ! here is some more information on the various date formats created on android devices : http://dmfs.org/carddav/?date_format
combining several apps you most likely find useful for other means as well , this should be accomplishable . so first , let 's list the components : tasker : the mighty automation tool will trigger several actions for us foldersync : will do the real copy/sync jobs titanium backup will do your backups ( well , it does already ) . no need to elaborate on titanium backup , as you already use it . most likely together with its integrated scheduler , so you have an idea about what time that job has finished . so the next candidate is foldersync . it obviously can do with owncloud , as described e.g. in use the android app foldersync with owncloud – using webdav , in fact . which means you have first to setup your owncloud account in foldersync ( as described in the linked short-tut ) , and then define " folder pairs " , i.e. which folder on your device should be sync'd with which on the owncloud server . recommendation : configure it for manual sync ; as nice as the integrated scheduler might sound , i experienced it woke up the device all 5 minutes 24/7 even with only one daily sync configured . so better leave that integrated scheduler off , we either need something else to trigger your " instant photo upload " . third candidate : tasker . you can use this to schedule your regular sync intervals ( easy to do , as it is just a time interval as condition , and the foldersync pair as the task ; note this might require the pro version of foldersync for tasker support ) . but tasker has also means to detect whether a file/directory has been modified . this is what you can use to trigger your " instant photo upload " , by watching your DCIM folder ( s ) and trigger the corresponding " folder pair " to be sync'd . i know you prefered " without an app " , but i do not know about such an alternative . however , one of the 3 apps involved you are using already , and once you have got used to tasker you will ask yourself how you could do without . true , it is " payware " , but worth every cent . for testing purposes , a 7-day-trial can be obtained on their project site ; export all your config from within the app on day 6 , uninstall , re-install , and import it again gives you another 7 days ( recommendation by the dev himself ) . foldersync requires 3 bucks as well ; but it supports so many services , and has tasker integration , i would say it is worth the investment . so altogether ~7 bucks for a good solution , and other uses reserved .
the easiest way to compare these two apps : locale costs more . but it is a lot more user friendly . you just set up " situations " with triggers and actions . then you prioritize the situations . that is it . tasker costs less . but it is a lot more customizable . it is more like being given a scripting language . there are tons of options and choices and it can get really confusing if you do not know what you are doing . it is not made for the average user . i will say that anything locale can do , tasker can do it too . it just is not as quick and easy to set it up . in regards to backing up , you can backup tasker into script files . locale has no built in back up system . both of these applications are extendable to do practically anything because they support plugins . tasker supports locale plugins too . also : personally , i use both of these apps . i use locale for setting up common situations ( disable sounds when asleep , adjust brightness/screen timeout when plugged in , go silent at work , etc . ) and then tasker for . . . well . . . tasks ! such as plugging in my headphones i reduce my media volume to 50% ( i have blared music accidentally way too many times ) and displaying a menu of music apps .
my advice , backup /data/ and sdcard ( not external ) , use ota root keeper , do a factory reset , and restore data and the root . instead of rk , try first framaroot .
you can download the google play books app from the market ( link ) if there is a problem with your installed app , open the app using play store app and uninstall and reinstall it . now you should have the app shortcut in your app drawer . in this app , you will be able to view your purchased books .
note that both ios browser ( safari ) and chrome ( desktop or for android ) are based on webkit engine . that is why they are so similar in what they render . firefox browser uses a much different engine : gecko . as an answer for what you want to do , i think that given the css and javascript the mobile site loads is different depending on the rendering engine , currently it is not possible to an end user to achieve that . a better design must be done by web developers who made the website , in order to avoid this kind of awkward situations . if what you need is to open that mobile site with a browser different to chrome for android , but that it be rendered the same way as chrome for android does , i recommend you to use opera mobile or opera mini ( based on presto engine ) , here is a screenshot of how it looks there :
as with most exchange activesync clients android implements a sub-set of features from various versions of activesync . according to the android 4 ( ice cream sandwich ) platform highlights , the email client supports eas v14 ( scroll down to the " improved email " section ) , in a comparison with gingerbread ( android 2.3 . x ) though you also need to take into account the android 3 ( honeycomb ) changes which while they do not specify eas changes did add support for policies for encrypted storage , password expiration , password history , and password complexity , all of which are eas features . there are probably more differences between versions than it is practical to keep up to date here , the wikipedia page comparison of exchange activesync clients has a pretty good table comparing feature support .
try the app stayawake , it should work for galaxy s ii too .
documents to go is a very good app . it provides the formatting requirements you wanted and supports creating and reading microsoft office documents as well as google docs . it supports word , excel and powerpoint . it can be found on the android market https://market.android.com/details?id=com.dataviz.docstogoappfeature=search_result there is a free version but i believe this only let 's you view not create or edit documents
keep usb debugging on and it should work fine .
i do not know if this helps , but with sfr , in france , i have nearly the same issue ; i can not use the market ota ( unless i use wifi ) . it is due to limitation from the carrier ; perhaps rooting the phone could help to get rid of that limitation .
there is an app called holiday alarm disabler . i have not tried it myself , but it has a pretty good rating at androlib . qr code for holiday alarm disabler :
according to this it runs the first time you boot up ( cyanogenmod ? ) and prompts you for what google apps to install .
extracted from ultrapixel vs megapixel : htc one and iphone 5 camera shoot-out : ultra-pixels : basically the sensor on the htc one features larger pixels for better low light sensitivity and , on paper , better overall camera performance . [ . . . ] we have to understand that “ultrapixel” is just htc’s marketing team saying that the pixels on the htc one’s sensor are larger . here’s how it works : the sensor on the htc one isn’t larger than the sensors on other modern phones : 1/3.2-inch is what htc used in the one and the same size is also present on the iphone 5 , galaxy s iii , or lumia 920 . a larger sensor means having something like the nokia 808 pureview has with its 1/1.2 inch sensor . some other site described that term as " plain market buzz " . more on the term ultrapixel can also be found at wikipedia . megapixel , on the other hand , is a measurement term , describing the resolution of an image – a term used not only for the number of pixels in an image , but also to express the number of image sensor elements of digital cameras or the number of display elements of digital displays .
it look is like this is a pretty widespread problem . it does not answer my shopping question ( should i return it ) but at least i can say with confidence that it is not just me , so it should get addressed eventually .
as su , do this : # mount -o remount,rw /system  you will now be able to delete it . as said in comments , do not forget to # mount -o remount,ro /system  or just reboot when you have finished . : )
you could also use a browser based remote desktop tool like airdroid or remote web desktop
for some reason you are not successfully replacing the stock recovery ( the " yellow exclaimation-mark icon over a phone icon" ) with the new one they instruct you to download . step 7 is key : 7 ) type fastboot flash recovery recovery.img this is where they have you ' flash ' ( copy/format ) the modified recovery over the stock recovery . is this step working for you ? simply copying the ' rectools . tar . gz ' to your device 's storage or sd card is not sufficient . on a separate note , have you investigated other means of rooting your device besides manually flashing via adb ? my favorite guide is lifehacker 's , and if i read it right you might simply be able to use superoneclick . in any event , as always , tread lightly and read carefully .
no . only skype or other voip options . it does not have a gsm module on it , it just has a small chip for data transfers .
you might provide them a link ! a link on your website , that would provide them with the . apk file . after downloading , the user would install that file in his android phone . after installing , the previous version is auto-deleted and the new version is installed ! user data is saved . but i have never used the developer tools from google play . so i am not sure , whether the google would mark it as spam or not , because some user try out verify and install instead of package installer . verify and install is a google service to check whether the app is spam or not . so i think , if the user tries verify and install instead of the built-in installer , he might get some errors , saying this signature is not found on google play ! or something like that . but just my guess , if your beta is placed on google play , then they will not show up any errors , as they would find a signature on google play too . hope i am not wrong : because i have never used either verify and install or google play developer tools . so i might be wrong somewhere . but still there is a functionality to install apps , but that also depends whether the user is allowing the installation of unknown apps ( apps which are not downloaded from google play ) .
kies via wifi ( a stock rom app ) connects your phone to the kies software on your computer via wifi . i am on cm10.1 , which does not have kies via wifi . but , there is probably a setting in the kies via wifi app that lets you disable the auto-connect function .
summing up from the comments : no " reset " will ever roll back any system updates applied . for that , you would have to re-flash the original rom . for the device to show up with adb devices or fastboot devices , you must have your computer configured accordingly . if your computer runs windows , you will need a special driver ( koush 's universal adb driver might help you out here , in case you cannot find a specific driver for your devices ) . if it is linux , you might wish to consult my answer here , for a mac it might be similar . further helpful hints can be found via our adb tag-wiki . as you have multiple identic devices , some updated and some not , you should be able to utilize dd ( see also this wikipedia article for a starter ) to clone all partitions of one device and apply that to others . as partition structures are quite device specific , i cannot give you accurate details here ; a little research might be helpful especially on sites like xda developers . a custom recovery can be used for this as well : check out our nandroid tag and its tag-wiki for details on that .
over-the-air ( ota ) updates from your carrier or manufacturer cannot be directly applied on a device that has a custom rom installed . this is due to many possible incompatibilities between the stock firmware and whatever code base the custom rom is using . therefore , most ( if not all ) custom roms intentionally disable any ota checks that usually come standard with stock firmwares . that said , some custom roms ( e . g . cyanogenmod rom ) have developed their own ota services . these are usually pull ( i.e. . phone checks for available update periodically ) as opposed to push ( manufacturer sends a message to phone to go out and download an update , ) but generally work fairly well . you should contact your rom 's developers to see if such a feature is available for you . alternatively , you can try to return your phone to its stock firmware , and then you will be able to accept the carrier/manufacturer ota update .
in my experience , trebuchet does always reload the list . i just have to wait a couple of seconds . if it really does not , you can go to the applications section in the settings menu , select trebuchet and force stop it . that should force it to drop any state , including the widget list .
there are some technical reasons explained on the android developers website that justify why the widget may have stopped working : any of this ones are not recommended to move to an external storage due to possible failure : services your running service will be killed and will not be restarted when external storage is remounted . you can , however , register for the action_external_applications_available broadcast intent , which will notify your application when applications installed on external storage have become available to the system again . at which time , you can restart your service . alarm services your alarms registered with alarmmanager will be cancelled . you must manually re-register any alarms when external storage is remounted . input method engines your ime will be replaced by the default ime . when external storage is remounted , the user can open system settings to enable your ime again . live wallpapers your running live wallpaper will be replaced by the default live wallpaper . when external storage is remounted , the user can select your live wallpaper again . app widgets your app widget will be removed from the home screen . when external storage is remounted , your app widget will not be available for the user to select until the system resets the home application ( usually not until a system reboot ) . account managers your accounts created with accountmanager will disappear until external storage is remounted . sync adapters your abstractthreadedsyncadapter and all its sync functionality will not work until external storage is remounted . device administrators your deviceadminreceiver and all its admin capabilities will be disabled , which can have unforeseeable consequences for the device functionality , which may persist after external storage is remounted . broadcast receivers listening for " boot completed " the system delivers the action_boot_completed broadcast before the external storage is mounted to the device . if your application is installed on the external storage , it can never receive this broadcast . copy protection your application cannot be installed to a device 's sd card if it uses google play 's copy protection feature . however , if you use google play 's application licensing instead , your application can be installed to internal or external storage , including sd cards .
this feature is rather be app-specific . probably the default photo app on your legend does this by default , while the one on you one x does not . to achieve the desired results on your new device , you might need to find a 3rd party photo app supporting this feature . your phone is certainly capable of it , that is not the issue .
it will not fit , the note 2 batteries are physically larger than the note 1 's battery slots . your best bet is finding a good third-party extended battery .
is google places out for india ? one of the main menu items is " atm " . if not , you are probably better off using the website for your bank . if they are good , they have already got a mobile version of the site and one of the primary functions i would think they had have is atm locations .
after an update of k-9 mail i tried again to find it and succeeded ( do not know whether this worked in a version prior to the new one ) . this is how you search in k-9 mail inside a message : in the respective message select any text ; in the upcoming menu ( copy , past , select all ) , select the document with a magnifying glass on it ; now the text you selected is used for an in-message search ; edit the search box and enter your search string .
this page has a couple of benchmarks that compare not only a nexus one running 2.2 vs . one running 2.1 , but also includes iphones and the ipad . in both cases , the nexus one running 2.2 outperforms the 2.1 version by over 2x .
many developers have their own sites and there are other app markets that allow direct download . but besides that , we can not speak to their motives , you had need to ask them . i would assume , however , that they are controlling distribution in order to control distribution :p . for paid apps this is obvious ( piracy prevention ) , but even for non-paid apps there are developers and others who want to monitor , limit , etc . the download of apps .
if you go into the mail client , go into the mailbox you want to check the mail for , then press menu while you are looking at the inbox , there should be a refresh option on the menu bar . that definitely seemed to go back to the server and check for new mail when i tried it with the hotmail account i have got set up in there just now , as it found the message i would sent a minute before .
if you follow the method found in the lifehacker article , you would indeed need to root your phone , which would mean that you would not be able to receive ota updates , unless you were to later un-root your phone , going back to the stock firmware ( rom ) . you would not necessarily lose your current settings , but you would have trouble upgrading to jelly bean via an ota upgrade unless you un-rooted , as mentioned above . i am sure you would have to unlock your bootloader as well , prior to rooting , although i am not really familiar with your particular model of phone .
good question . i am do not see an obvious way to do that to solve your problem on all websites . however , there just so happens to be a few xkcd viewer apps . i use this one which has a menu > hover text option . edit : this seems like a reasonable thing to try for link hover text , but it does not work for me on the default htc incredible browswer : tap any white empty space near to the link you want to hover over . now move your trackball up/down until it selects the link . don’t click it . there ! the tooltip now appears . simple solution . :- ) i saw this suggested here .
having cwm installed will not prevent your phone from noticing that an update is available , but it may prevent the update from installing in the usual automated fashion . the update process actually works by creating a special file with a " script " for the recovery to run , then rebooting to recovery ; cwm will just show its menu instead of running the script . it may be possible to apply the upgrade through cwm as an ordinary update zip , but if you want to make sure the process is seamless , it would be a good idea to flash back to the stock recovery before installing the update . btw , the jro03o update for the galaxy nexus removes the automatic stock recovery flash that you linked to . you no longer have to do anything special to keep cwm installed when running stock .
nike+ lets you select privacy options for your sharing . public , social , private
if i am understanding your question correctly , you are asking how to get root access automatically when you run adb shell , so that you do not have to go into the shell and type su to execute a command as root on your phone . this is controlled by a flag in your boot partition , which most custom roms have modified to allow root permission by default . if you get dropped to a $ when you use adb shell then you have two permanent options and one temporary one ( temporary meaning that it does not stick if you reboot ) : flash a rom that includes the modification create a custom boot . img and flash it to your phone restart adbd on your device with root permissions number 2 is actually not that difficult , but it can be somewhat dangerous if you are careless . there is a wiki article here which explains the process and includes a couple of perl scripts to help you . these instructions assume a linux/unix environment . i have personally used these instructions on fedora linux and can tell you that they work , but i do not know about other *nix environments like macs . i also do not know of any similar windows instructions , but i could try to track some down if you are on windows . the exact commands will vary somewhat from phone to phone since different devices use different partition tables . generally speaking , though , you need to pull your current boot . img from your phone , unpack it , extract the ramdisk , and find the default . prop file . this is a plaintext file , which you need to open in a text editor and then find the line that contains the value ro.secure . if the line says ro.secure=1 then you need to change it to ro.secure=0 . after that you can re-pack the ramdisk and boot . img , then flash it to your phone . once you reboot , you will be greeted with a # prompt whenever you perform adb shell without having to run su . alternatively , if you are using a custom rom but it does not have this modification , you can just unzip the rom and modify the boot . img that is included with it using the above steps . then you can zip up the rom with the newly modified boot . img and flash the zip file as you normally would . this probably goes without saying , but be careful when doing this . messing with your boot partition can quite easily wreck your phone and force you to recover via hboot . i would highly recommend testing fastboot to makes sure you can use extended fastboot commands and perform a recovery . this varies a bit based on your model , but most phones have some sort of desktop software that can be run to reflash the phone as well . the third option is that in many cases it may be possible to restart adbd on your device with root privileges . one possibility is to execute adb root from a pc terminal , although this will not work on all rom configurations ( the rom must be built as a " userdebug " one ) . you can also try chainfire 's adbd insecure app . this will not persist across a reboot , so you would need to use either the app or adb root again any time you restarted your phone .
i also faced the same issue with the stock alarm . stock alarm was not able to recognize the sd card songs . i vaguely remembered the solution . couple of restarts and removing the sd card from the phone and plugging it again solved the issue fro me . but now i installed alarm klock which has the option to see all the songs on sd card by author and album wise . it has vibrating feature which does not there in stock alarm .
sort of embarrassed to admit this , but i rebooted the phone , and all of the apns i had added were on the list . problem solved .
the browser does not directly control that ; it is the kernel 's choice , since the kernel is where the tcp implementation lives . however , one way the application can influence it is by setting the TCP_NODELAY option on the socket , which requests that the kernel disable nagle 's algorithm and send each chunk of data as soon as possible . this may be an optimization : since many http requests contain only headers and no body , it is better for the kernel to send a packet with the headers immediately , instead of waiting a little while to see if the browser produces any more data that could fit into the same packet .
it is quite possible you accidentally shorted out a circuit or otherwise damaged some part ( ribbon cable , connector , etc . ) while disassembling or re-assembling your phone . the " power supply " line the tech fed you is probably just that , something they said to avoid going into too much technical detail . it is unlikely that they will bother with figuring out which exact part is fried , and will probably opt for replacing the phone 's whole main board instead . be mindful of the price they quote you , because these days you can get a used nexus one for the price close to what some parts retailers charge for a replacement motherboard .
you probably have not been asking the right question in your research . have you tried searching ' rescan media ' in the android market ? a multitude of apps will be returned . personally the great app widgetsoid has this function amongst a multitude of options/settings .
the video codecs are limited to what is supported by the device . this suggests that the codecs are in firmware and not software codecs like you are used to on the computer . this means you will probably need to use something like handbrake to convert your videos to the phone . unless there are in the h264 or 3gp formats that all android phones support . reference : act1 video player faq
it simply does not seem possible . on android , pictures are shown in imageview components , and this component does not support displaying gifs . on most android versions , you can not do it . maybe a custom contacts app can have the capability .
this is because the command you used to invoke heimdall was , heimdall flash --recovery and , heimdall is caps sensitive , try this instead . heimdall flash --recovery . /clockworkmod_6.0.3.2_jfltespr . img --no-reboot
edit : nevermind . turns out the rom manager installation on cm9 was not actually up to date , and apparently my backups were not all named consistently . it seems that rom manager uses the format : yyyy-mm-dd-hh . nn . ss while cwm recovery uses the format : yyyy-mm-dd . hh . nn . ss which is why they did not seem to sort correctly . updating and making the names consistent solved the issue .
this is a because of a bug in heimdall v1.4 rc1 -- the version that shipped with ubuntu 13.04 . what you will want to do is upgrade heimdall to version 1.4 final , or the latest version . . that should do it .
the problem was a bug that this specific version had , if you are using this specific version i strongly advise you to update .
to directly answer your question : no , this modification will not harm your device . to elaborate : you did not overclock your device ( that is why i said it was safe ) . you raised the minimum frequency . what you see in set cpu is the scaling range . for any given moment your device decides which frequency it needs to do what it is doing . for example when only reading and not scrolling it needs only 200 mhz to basically wait for further input . this is done for better battery life . when actively loading pages the device will automatically increase the operating frequency up to the limit of your scaling range . this increases performance , but is worse for battery . in both of your cases the maximum scaling frequency is 1600 mhz . you told the device to save less power when idling , but kept the maximum " speed " the same . overclocking on android is done by raising the scaling range maximum value above the default . for example a very small and usually ok overclock for your device would be to set the scaling range to 200mhz to 1700mhz . this modification however can harm your device , but not very likely . it also often requires custom kernels to be flashed . when things go wrong with overclocking you can see random reboots and freezes , and almost never any permanent damage to the device . i suggest you try to read more about this topic on sites like xda-developers , before doing anything else with the device .
i had the same problem with my g2 d802 only mine did work before when still running android 4.2 . it was a driver issue and fixed it by the folowing steps : download the android sdk at : http://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html unzip the package and run the file : sdk manager . exe scroll down to extra 's and check google usb driver and install packages http://developer.android.com/sdk/win-usb.html#top for a little more info my usb setting is set at ( mtp ) that did it for me .
on the tasker homepage there is a section called " plans " where the developers outline future ideas that they might incorporate into the product : http://tasker.dinglisch.net/todo.html also listed on this page are those two lines : actions/tasks : vpn ( dis/re ) connect events/states : vpn connected so it is not included yet but it might be at some point in the future . again citing from the page : this is an informal list of features under consideration for tasker .
the " not compatible with this device " message encompasses more than just the os version . the play store also checks for other software and hardware components that the app 's developer listed as requirements . these components can range from a minimum screen resolution , to having particular hardware ( e . g . tegra 3 chipset ) . you can try searching for a given app on google play store website to get a better idea of the incompatibility .
you have got a bunch of questions going on here , but i will see if i can break this down in a reasonable manner . for starters , there is another key part of your phone that can be useful for determining which rooting methods will/will not work - your hboot version . this is effectively a first-stage bootloader for your phone , and you can access it by powering on your evo while holding the volume down button . you will know you are at the hboot screen if you get a mostly white screen with some skateboarding androids on the bottom . it will look something like this , and will have text that says " hboot-&lt;some numbers&gt;" near the top . this is your hboot version , and it is good to remember what it is . second , that rooting method is , as noted , outdated . i believe people currently use this method or this method on the 3.70 software . you could also try unrevoked if you want , but i do not know how nicely it plays with 3.70 ( especially if you have an hboot version of 2.02 or later ) . i have not had to root in a while , though , so i would just look through some threads a bit to see what is working on your software versions . you do need root in order to flash a custom rom image on your phone . pretty much every rooting process now will unlock the permissions of your nand , which is the portion of flash memory where system files live . you need to be able to write to nand in order to flash a custom rom , and you need root to perform the unlock . the easiest way to flash a rom is through a custom recovery image . you can put a flashable . zip file on your sd card , then boot into recovery and flash the . zip to install the rom . the rom itself will pretty much always be rooted , unless it is just an unmodified ota that is been packed into a . zip format . you can also flash roms directly from the rom manager program , but it can be a little finicky , so i recommend doing it manually . the two main custom recoveries are amon ra 's recovery and clockworkmod recovery ( brief discussion on the differences here on xda ) . custom recoveries can do other things , too , such as partition your sd card and perform nand backups . if you are going to start rooting , i recommend making a nand ( also called " nandroid" ) backup any time you are getting ready to make a modification to your system . the backup is a literal 1-to-1 image copy of your nand when the backup is made , so you can completely restore your phone 's current condition ( settings , system , apps , everything ) by restoring from a backup . lastly , it is possible to unroot your phone . if something gets really messed up , you can use one of htc 's rom upgrade utilitie s ( ruu ) to effectively re-flash the phone back to stock htc software . when mucking around with dual-booting roms on my evo i managed to wreck my boot partition at one point . i could not get into my rom , i could not get into recovery , but i could still get to hboot . from hboot i could still run an ruu , so i just restored to the 3.30 software , re-rooted , restored my nand backup and went on my merry way . although there is always potential to brick your phone completely , i have never actually seen a scenario where a phone could not be recovered via hboot somehow ( either ruu or another method ) . there are guides available for this as well . also , just as a note , if you only want to root so that you can get rid of sprint 's bloatware , you do not need a custom rom . once you unlock your nand you can just delete apps from the /system/apps directory via an adb shell or a terminal emulator . i personally think it is worth it to dive into a custom rom ( i am a cyanogenmod guy myself ) , but that is up to you . and of course , if sprint finds out that you rooted your phone your warranty is void . i think it is worth the risk , but it is something to always keep in mind .
you want to enable wireless isolation mode . on the linksys this is called ap isolation . from wirelessisolation . com : wireless isolation , sometimes called client isolation , is a setting on a wireless router . when this setting is enabled it prevents a computer that is connected to the network by a wireless connection from accessing computers and resources that are connected to the network by a wired connection . it will also prevent one wirelessly connected device from connecting to another wirelessly connected device . in essence isolating that device on the wireless network . this is used as a method of security so that you can provide both wired and wireless connection through the same network without opening up secured computers and resources to potentially unwanted visitors . this can be very helpful in businesses that have a wireless hotspot located in their lobby for example . without wireless isolation anyone on a wireless internet connection in a wifi hotspot would not only have full access to the computers and resources in the company’s network , but also to the various wireless devices that were using the wifi hotspot at that time . most wireless router makers will support wireless isolation in one form or another , if you already have a router and are curious to see if it comes with wireless isolation or not you can check your products manual , or log into your router and check the security tab .
have you tried google 's quickoffice ? it detects numbers ( and underlining them ) , and lets you click the number to open the dialer with that number .
answer is no , you are not uninstalling the app by clearing the app data . clearing the application data is more or less resetting the application to an initial state before being customized based on the application settings , such as preferences , databases . i am aware it sounds contradictory but the crucial element in this is - the dalvik cache has the pre-cached dex class within the dalvik vm for the said app .
to answer your questions , yes - there is an app that will allow you to invoke the notification panel : exsbar allows you to assign the long-press search button or long-press camera button to this function . whether or not this is " an easier way " depends on you , the end-user . :- )
i have not found any app . but using a terminal emulator on a rooted phone with busybox i can use : netstat -p ( or any other command 's argument needed ) .
yes . tasker will do this . when you are setting up the state , choose " bluetooth connected " , then click the magnifying glass next to the " name " field . it will search for paired bluetooth devices . choose the one you want and configure states/actions . then do it again for the other bt device .
the prompt for the password is probably caused by one of those apps . try to remember the password you may have used for them . or else please provide a list of the apps you have tried . ( this can be achieved by going to the google play website and clicking on my apps . as a last resort you can restore your phone to it is factory settings by entering the recovery . to boot into the recovery press and hold power and volume up
on your phone 's home launcher , go to menu --> settings --> applications and look for anything that contains " carrier iq " , " iq " , or possibly " com . carrieriq . iqagent " if you are rooted , it appears that this app will check and see if it exists on your phone . the paid license key will also let you remove it from your phone . this app was made by trevor eckhart , the person who discovered this " vulnerability . " if you are not rooted , this app will attempt to detect carrier iq on your phone . and here is another app , by lookout , that will detect for carrier iq on your phone . also : if you are rooted and running a custom os , such as cyanogenmod , you should have no worries about carrier iq . carrier iq is bundled by the manufacturer/carrier and should not be included in a rom such as cyanogenmod as long as it is built from the aosp and is not a derivation of a manufactuer 's rom .
you can use an app like autostarts ( requires root ) to manage which apps can listen to which events . you just need to remove car home from the docking event .
this system bar is part of android , and is used when the device does not have any hardware buttons to press . as such , it cannot be hidden . it should not , however , impact upon gameplay - this is an issue with the app , and you should contact the app developer to have it fixed .
the bookmarks are kept in an sqlite database . there is no stock tool to modify them directly . i did , however , find an app that can rearrange the order of your local bookmarks : bookmark sort and backup an issue has been opened about this in allow user to arrange bookmarks in ics stock web browser .
typical case where an app , in this case socialphonebook ( package com . sonyericsson . android . socialphonebook ) , has messed up ( or lost ) its configuration and seems unable to recover from this . without root you can only try to delete the apps data ( settings -> manage applications ) . but be careful , since this is the phonebook app on the xeperia , you will lose all your contact data . be sure to have a ( cloud-based ) backup .
no , it is not possible . how did i get such result ? as always i started to google this possibility but found nothing interesting . so i decided to check android browser source code . if you want you can download it by typing in console : git clone https://android.googlesource.com/platform/packages/apps/Browser  after 5-10 minutes ( i am not new in programming ) of looking repository i found 2 facts : 1 ) the homepage is saved as one String ( java type ) . 2 ) the homepage is opening by calling this function ( in Controller.java ) : @Override public Tab openTabToHomePage() { return openTab(mSettings.getHomePage(), false, true, false); }  so as you see ( if you know programming a bit ) it returns one tab , not several ( like List&lt;Tab&gt; ) .
this was available in cm7 , but got removed in cm9 and above , for reasons i do not know myself . it is possible that the maintainers of cm could not find a way to make this compatible with android 4+ and so left it out . there are apps on the market that can do this , such as permissions denied however this is now a paid app , and i am unable to report whether this works . edit : ad eldarerathis pointed out in the comments , there is an open feature request to add this to cm10 and later . i suggest you follow this request for updates .
it seems to be related to the local time on my phone , which i suspect was slow compared to the network . so , while the incoming messages where arriving listed as the " correct " time ( on the network ) , i was then replying " before " them as far as my local clock was concerned and thus when the phone sorted on time their positions were swapped . so , i have manually adjusted my clock forward a minute , and seem to have avoided the problem since . speaking to a friend knowledgeable in these things , o2 ( my provider ) apparently do not provide phones with network-updated time , i do not know if this is true or not , but it would explain how a difference could appear in the manner described .
to completely format your device , you need to use odin and an odin-able rom ( preferably stock ) . note that the device can not be blank . you should always have firmware on it . download odin 1.85 from here and extract it . download stock firmware ( listed here ) , you probably want jpkf3 . put your phone into download mode ( you may have to attempt this a couple times ) : power off the phone hold voldown + ok : click the power button let go of voldown + ok when the android icon with " downloading . . . " underneath appears start odin connect your phone to usb and ensures it shows up in odin ( a yellow box with a com port will be shown ) . if it does not , disconnect and reconnect . if it still does not , reboot your phone and start over from ( 3 ) . click the pda button in odin and choose the firmware file you downloaded . click start and wait till " pass " appears in the message area . if it fails , start over from ( 3 ) . normally , to completely wipe the device , you would select " re-partition " in odin . however , this apparently can brick the galaxy s ii ! so do not do it . i guess it only works consistently with the original galaxy s .
that is something not easy to be simulated by tasker , but should be possible . the most likely trick is working with variables -- an approach you find described at google groups : how to default profile ? ( check the post by nikita popov ) . that example just defines a single default profile to fall back on if no other profile is active . a more complex example would properly make use of variables like %PACTIVE ( currently active profile ) , in the way that a " lower-priority " profile would contain the condition that the higher is not contained in %PACTIVE ( so it only becomes the active profile if no " higher-priority " profile is currently running ) .
yes , custom recovery works with encrypted honeycomb device . the built-in encryption does not touch rom and firmware at all . it just encrypts accounts , settings , downloaded apps and their data etc . which can be located on phone memory , internal sd or external sd . that is why encryption is no longer present after factory reset because there is no encrypted data available . files for custom recovery environment live on rom as firmware . that is why they survive factory reset . as flashing files/updates has to do with rom , you will be allowed to do it . when it comes to nandroid backup , you can do it too , but the chunk of encrypted data will backed up in that form which can not be restored using titanium backup . yes , you could do nandroid restore flawlessly .
most samsung apps will not work on cyanogenmod because they are touchwiz-based . cyanogenmod is aosp-based . you would need to flash a stock rom , or any custom rom that is touchwiz-based .
since you are rooted , you might be able to bypass activation permanently by killing the phone dialer app . this involves removing ( or renaming ) Phone.apk . i can at least confirm that this works on a droid 1 . definitely make sure you have a backup made prior to editing your system this way . you can rename Phone.apk with an app like root explorer , or with the terminal app by mounting the system partition as rewritable . this also works if you have set up ssh : su mount -o rw,remount /system cd /system/app mv Phone.apk Phone.apk.old pm uninstall Phone.apk  that disables the cdma adapter and gets rid of the activation screen that always comes up on boot . it should also save you a little battery life too , since it is one less app , and one less adapter turned on . you might get an error when you rename the file , but after rebooting ( forcefully , if necessary ) everything should be fine .
reposting answer for future people ! naturally , i figured it out 10 minutes after posting . can not answer for another few hours because i am a new user . under the security section of the settings , there is a device administrator page . i deactivated the " email " app as an admin . it warned that it would delete all my mail and stuff and i accepted . no factory reset required . thank you stack exchange for allowing me to express my question so i could figure it out myself : )
as you describe your samsung fascinate is running gingerbread , there is a rooting guide provided at theunlockr which you could try . it uses the odin tool to root the device , so you would need odin tool , samsung drivers , clockworkmod recovery , and superuser for this . install the samsung drivers first , then install clockworkmod ( which is where odin is needed ) . copy superuser to your sdcard , then boot into cwm ( turn off the device , simultaneously hold vol + + vol - + power ) . select install zip from sdcard , then choose zip from sdcard . chose the superuser file you have copied to your sdcard . let it flash , and reboot using the reboot system now menu entry . your device now should be rooted .
i finally found my problem . this might have been specific to my windows machine , but i am writing it down here in case someone else has the same problem . turns out i did not have a usb . inf file in my C:\Windows\inf directory . apparently some installers/uninstallers have been known to mess with that file . i found the tip in this thread while trying to figure out why my new mouse did not work . . . i copied the four files from C:\Windows\System32\DriverStore\FileRepository\usb.inf_amd64_neutral_153b489118ee37b8 over to C:\Windows\inf and re-installed the drivers and the security dialog popped right up on the tablet .
sure . just turn off audio notifications . that will not have any effect on the media volume . this will , of course , turn off the phone ringer , which you may not want .
i just had this problem , and somehow i got this solved . what i did : entered settings -> applications -> manage applications . selected the market app , and " uninstall updates " . after that , i entered the market app again , and i was able to reinstall the app who got stucked . ps : i am not sure if this was just a coincidence , or this procedure works always , but it worked for me . ps2: my android version is actually in portuguese language , so i am not sure the option names i referred to above are correct in english .
someone over at androidcentral built their own charging dock . according to the post , . . . the pin closest to the bottom of the gn is the 5v and the pin closest to the power button in the gnd . it is assumed that the middle pin is for letting the phone know it is connected to the dock and launch the needed activities ( enable bluetooth , launch apps , etc . )
if you used full-disk encryption , then your data will be accessible until the device unmounted the encrypted disk ( e . g . by rebooting ) and discarded the decryption key . if you store your sensitive data in encrypted container , then your data will be accessible until the application closes the container and discarded the decryption key . if you do not use any encryption , then your data is naked in the wild . many thiefs are simply interested to sell the phone to make a quick buck and so will simply reformat the phone ; but if the thief has a specific intent to steal your data ( e . g . corporate espionage , identity thief , etc ) , then you can assume that they can read all your unencrypted data . if your phone uses sd card ( instead of internal memory ) , then getting to your data in the sd card is trivial . getting data in internal memory took a little bit more effort , but is still relatively easy . a turned off device with full-disk-encryption is -- for all practical purpose -- a useless brick for your adversary .
since this has been open for a week , i decided to post my workaround and the other details i found as an answer . mods , please do not close other similar questions , because this is not an actual answer , just a hotfix that might help someone later . just wanted to update : 1 ) found a workaround using the vlc player ( still in beta ) to open the files . 2 ) after going back to google basics and figuring out a better way to ask , it looks like it might be an issue with variable bit rates ; unfortunately , when i downloaded an app to fix that , it came back telling me that based on the file tags , it thinks they are constant bit rate and not variable . i am way outside my area of focus on this one , but tl ; dr is that the file on the device is not corrupt , as i can get it to play with the vlc app .
a very easy way is es file explorer from google play store . you can browse to your /system/app folder ( for system apps ) /data/app folder ( for user apps ; requires root to be accessed ) and copy them to your /sdcard ( or anywhere else ) . copying multiple files with es file explorer is very easy . just long hold one of the files , then put check marks on all the files you want to copy . then browse to the folder ( on your sdcard ) where you want to place them . connecting to your computer via your usb cable will allow you to backup your sdcard content to your computer . update ( accessing the protected data/apps area ) : i notice the /data/ directory is not readable . you can pull any of the content if you know it by name . i will describe a command-line ( cli ) solution to get the names and the files . however , the backup tools suggested by izzy are the easiest way to go . this is a step by step method to get the list of packages and pull the packages using the commandline : download and install the android sdk package ( or see is there a minimal installation of adb ? for a solution requiring much less space , if you are not intending to develop android apps ) . while you will have access to just about everything in the world ( android ) , do not be too overwhimed . . . just focus on an immediate objective , and all the other features can be for a different day . add a path to these two directories of the package install ( [installedpath]/tools and [installedpath]/platform-tools for a full sdk installation ) . now , with the android plugged in via the usb , run this to get the full list of installed apps : $ adb shell 'pm list packages' you now have a list the names of all your install apps . use the -f parameter to get the full pathname of a desired package by specifying a search string found in the previous list : $ adb shell 'pm list packages -f reader' now pull the full pathname of the package you want to get with : ## adb pull [filepathname] [destination path] ## $ adb pull /data/app/com.ebooks.ebookreader-2.apk ~/mybackupdir  the steps might appear to be complicated , but they are easier done than said . once you perform it a few times , you will find it very easy to pull any app from your device . you can also write a script to do this as your own personal backup utility . while there are gui alternatives as mentioned in the alternate answer , i strongly recommend looking at the features of the adb commands which includes full backups . . . the option for users to select precisely what they want backed up and where . installing the full android sdk will give fuller access to components of your android device ( from the commandline ) . look at the commands : $ adb -help  look at the backup section ( of the help screen ) : you can use the android backup extractor to explore the compressed backup file created by the adb utility . restoring the backup to the android is a simple "-restore " command : $ adb restore &lt;file&gt;  the android backup extractor provides a way to explore the backup and pick out individual files ( such as the apk 's as in the op 's objective ) to store or preserve . the explorer package includes a variety of multi-platform tools , such as java , perl , and cygwin . you can extract the backup with ( using the java extract opton ) : ## this line converts the android backup into a tar file ## $ java -jar abe.jar unpack backup.ab backup.tar  out side of my initial cli answer , the most precise gui app to accomplish the op 's specific question is airdroid . it is free , extremely user friendly and intuitive to use . to use , run the app . it gives a local ip address for typing into a web browser . the link will give you a ui that resembles and android home screen . click on the " apps " icon and select one or more apps to download . you can install or reinstall the apps using the same interface . there are several other gui alternatives ( graphical user interfaces ) available , e.g. qtadb ( multi-platform ) or , for windows users , also the excellent droid explorer by our member ryan conrad ( see e.g. full backup of non-rooted devices ; for more , also see our adb tag-wiki ) .
adb shell 'echo ${SECONDARY_STORAGE%%:*}'
same way as on any other android device : go to the android app store of your choice ( google play , appbrain , whatever ) and search for " korean keyboard " ( currently , 376 results ) install the one you find suiting your needs there are several keyboards shipping with korean language packs , so you might as well decide picking one of those . this might possibly even come with more functionality or better usability . not explicitly asked for , but it will probably be your next question : you might have to " activate " that " input method " for the keyboard to show up , or even make it the default one . this can be done in settings → languages and input ( by " settings " i mean the android settings ) .
yes , blocked contacts can still see your online status .
samsung 's kies software is the official way to download and install updates . these updates are released on different dates for different countries and networks and some countries/networks do not have all updates . it may be that your network has not tested and certified the update yet , or they might not be releasing this version at all . this page lists most of the official updates available via kies for the galaxy s2 i9100 phone : http://devsrom4android.blogspot.com/2011/10/samsung-galaxy-s2-firmware-updates-via.html
maybe it is not the whole answer but two things seem to have made a big difference : one , my captivate was recently upgraded to froyo officially . the new youtube app seems to perform remarkably better . two , and this is the really interesting bit , i switched from wpa on 802.11g to wpa2 on 802.11n , and my wifi speeds went from ~200-300k to 4-5m . not sure exactly why but it is definitely something to consider if you see performance problems in an app that relies on the network . . .
actually the predictive search from the address bar sends the text you enter to google to provide the search predictions . for example , if you start to type " search " and get to " sea " it suggests " sears " , " seattle times " , " sean parker " etc . . .
the pin layout between the working and not working head phones might be different and hence this behaviour . though it appears to be simple there is no one standard to which all these manufactures seems to stick with . for instance my lg p500 's stock ear phones exhibit this issue with sony ericsson sk17i , while sony 's head set played well in my lg p500 . the same problem exhibits when i use my lgp500 head phones in my desktop computer . while doing so , i just pull out the head phone slightly out to solve this issue .
solved : the android system is likely connected to the headset for phone calls , and some other device for a2dp ( media ) . some other device is still using the audio connection , even though the sound comes from android 's speaker ! what this means is that if you have any other a2dp devices that you have paired your android with ( laptop/stereo/etc ) then you will have to disconnect via the other device , not android . however under android 's " paired devices " list ( see image ) , the other device is not always listed as connected , even though it is ! if you manually try to un-check the " media audio " profile for the other device , it will not disconnect ! you must manually disconnect the other device outside of android . for example : if the other device is a laptop , you must disconnect the audio connection using the laptop . if the other device has no way to manually disconnect ( no buttons ) , just turn it off and use your android to connect to the correct device .
i will put this here so you can mark your question as answered . some phones ' stock roms automatically replace custom recoveries with the stock ones on boot , so when you rebooted to put the zip on your phone , twrp was wiped away . so , simple , reinstall it . as for a good roms , i use paranoidandroid on my galaxy nexus and i love it .
there is no such option at this moment . we can use " profiles active " variable ( %PACTIVE ) .
ok , so i had a look at this thread and , as it suggests , i took the microsd out and put it back in again . now it works as before . smells like a bug to me ?
i have too a htc wildfire . for the live wallpaper , you can not use the htc sense launcher . you must use another launcher like adw or launcherpro . when you use another launcher , a new option " live wallpaper " will appear .
google voice is responsible for these ; they are sent by default . see in the settings : you can uncheck this box and google voice will refrain from sending you sms transcripts of your voicemails from then on . also note , unchecking the box above titled Email the message to: only prevents email transcripts , not sms ones .
as far as android sdk documentation goes : hence theoretically speaking , if the app developer had used appropriate methods this app should work normally . in that sense , i do not think you have any better way other than reporting this to the app developer . rooting your nexus 7 does not going to solve this issue - in my opinion . update : i sent an email to the support team of the app developer quoting this question . i received a reply as : Thank you for your information. We have filed the issue with engineering team. We'll try our best to fix them ASAP.  which in my opinion supports my assumption .
after updating to a 2.3.4-based rom that is not 2.3.3 , this issue seems to be solved . see more details in the answer to this question .
quoting the answer from xda forum . in linux or windows with cygwin . $ tar -H ustar -c recovery.img &gt; recovery.tar $ md5sum -t recovery.tar &gt;&gt; recovery.tar $ mv recovery.tar recovery.tar.md5 
android has different ways for apps to give you information or get your attention , and they all have different names . app developers need to know the differences , and when to use each one , so they can code the correct behaviour in their apps . even as an end user , if you want to troubleshoot a problem , find which app is giving you messages , or describe some behaviour ( for example , when reporting a bug to a developer ) , it saves you time and confusion if you can call each thing by its correct name . notifications notifications are the most common feedback mechanism on android . they look like icons in the top-left of the screen ( the notification bar ) . on honeycomb and ics tablets , they instead show up in the system bar , in the bottom-right next to the clock . in jellybean and above , once you have expanded the notification drawer ( like in the screenshot ) , you can long-tap a notification to get a menu with one item , app info . clicking this item tells you which app is responsible for the notification . you can also stop this app showing any further notifications from that screen . some apps create notifications to advertise things at you . this is now ( since september 2013 ) banned under google play 's rules , so you should report as malicious any apps that do this , from the app 's page in the play store app . often your phone will play a sound or will vibrate with a notification , but not always : it is up to the app which created it . toasts a toast is a small message that shows up in its own box near the bottom of the screen , and disappears on its own after a few seconds . it is usually a response to an action you have just performed , but in fact a toast can come from any app , not just the one in the foreground . a toast can not interact with you ( you can not click on it or type into it ) , so there is no need to worry about it " stealing focus " like on a pc . there is no indication of which app created the toast . dialogs a window that appears , with buttons you can click or a list of options to choose from , is called a dialog box , or dialog for short . ( it is spelt the american way even in british english . ) they almost always relate to the foreground app . strictly speaking , from a developer 's point of view a " dialog " is any non-fullscreen activity window , but they are usually used for simple confirmations or choices , like in the screenshot . interstitials in the marketing world , an interstitial is a page or screen that comes in between two others . they are commonly used to show large-format ads in ad-supported apps and games : you click a button in the app , and an interstitial shows for a few seconds before you get to the next screen . summary next time you want to discuss or troubleshoot some kind of message that pops up on the screen , you will know what to call it , and you can make it easier for others to help you .
simply put , no . web pages are complex to the point where it is effectively impossible to determine what bits are necessary for the page to be usable , readable , maintain the right order , etc . for an arbitrary page . when you couple this with poorly-coded websites containing errors and the like it becomes quite a mess . this is why the two things you mention are not perfect .
you can solve this issue either from the android side or from the windows side : from the android side tap your device " menu " button , and select " settings" ; tap " wireless and networks" ; tap " wi-fi settings" ; tap your device " menu " to bring up extra options and select " advanced" ; tap " use static ip" ; fill in your local network static ip details and dns server details ; tap your device " menu " to bring up extra options and select " save " . from the windows side open the dns management ; add a new forward lookup zone for the google dns and set a host a record to your local ip .
should be an hardware issue . in my case was the oxidation of the motherboard cause by the sweat cuase i kept the phone on my arms while i was running .
there is nothing dangerous about it , and this is done occasionally when the store is not accessible . in response to your second question , apks are not unique - and can be easily transferred to another device , or the internet . this is the base of android app piracy . when you upload the apk to google play , gplay does nothing to it . it is up to the developer to obfuscate the code , to prevent decompilation .
things that i tried that did not fix this problem : restarting the phone removing and reinserting the sim card uninstalling the skype app calling at and t support ( 611 ) and asking for them to reset the network registration of my phone restarting my phone in safe mode booting my phone into system recovery mode and wiping the cache partition solution : at and t indicated that it was a problem with the network registration , given every piece of my phone 's communication worked except for receiving sms . this turned out to be true . the solution was to put the sim card in another phone , which overrode the network registration for my number . after about a minute , the second phone received all of the texts that the first had not been able to get , and then i could move the sim card back into my regular phone and receive texts as normal .
titanium backup itself offers the corresponding widgets : long-press on a free space on your homescreen select to add a widget select titanium backup select action select one of deactivate app activate and execute app toggle ( de ) activate app select the app tap the " create widget " button
there will only be problems if you rely on background services to do processor intensive tasks . for example , on an older android phone , music running in the background would skip when the cpu was set at a low enough clock rate . so to answer your question , only if it is noticeable to you .
you are absolutely correct with your assumption a factory-reset will delete all your apps and data ( as you also can find in the factory-reset tag-wiki ) . if you want to backup your contacts and sms , i am afraid there is no native way . while the contacts you could sync with google , the same cannot be said for sms . but if you take a look at google play , searching for the string " sms backup " you will find a lot of helpful apps . depending on your preferences , they can backup to your gmail account , or do it locally . putting both things together , a good choice seems to be super backup : sms and contacts , which cares for both and can save the backup to either gmail or your sdcard . and of course it has a restore function as well . btw : on most devices , you easily can backup your contacts with the native contacts app . it supports export to/import from vcard ( .vcf ) files ( just open its menu from its main screen ) . no cloud involved . so you had only need to check for something similar for your sms , if you are concerned about privacy and want to avoid having them in the cloud .
yes . from the widget , select the contact name ( not image ) . this brings you to the contact info . select the chain link in the upper right hand corner ( it should say linked in your specific example ) . finally , select the image in the upper left corner . you can select the image source from there . i tested it on the htc incredible . edit : i was originally referring to the favorites widget but basically , the favorites widget is just an example of the people widget which can be the any-group-at-all widget . ( i apologize if this is obvious , caffeine has not fully sunk in yet . )
i resolved this on the mac by turning wifi off and then back on . on the win7 pc , running the network troubleshooter ( which i believe turned the adapter off and on ) also solved the problem . i believe it may be related to some state left over from a previous connection in both cases . off-topic : with a 4g ( lte ) signal , internet access was comparable ( maybe better ) to my 6mb dsl access at home .
download flash from here : http://helpx.adobe.com/flash-player/kb/archived-flash-player-versions.html . the stock browser is best but if you can not use that firefox is 2nd when it comes to
you will need a ms147 . be careful , you might kill your internal antenna connecting an external one .
sounds like os monitor might do what you want . i believe it just uses the top utility to get process info . screenshot : and note that tapping on one of the rows will expand it to show info like memory use , priority , and so forth .
your three options are probably : downgrade maps use the browser-based google maps ( perhaps in incognito mode if you are paranoid ) use some other map application regarding osm , i think they do not have an official app , so you could also try to use an app that uses their data . the osm web site allows address searches , so that may just not be implemented in the app you are using . there is a bunch of osm compatible apps and their features listed here .
how did you disable the mobile data networks ? did you just erase the apn data ? or did you uncheck it in the settings menu ? at this point , i would suggest doing a factory reset . your problem would likely require more troubleshooting than it is worth to fix . make a backup if possible . google should remember the free apps you have downloaded and re-install them .
if it is the same people ringing you regularly what you could do is : add them as a contact , under ' ignore1' , ' ignore2' etc . whenever they ring go to contacts -> select ' ignore1' -> options ( or action menu ) -> select ' all calls to voicemail ' or if you do not like this method then you could try : mr . number : text , call and block ( free ) extreme call blocker droid ( paid )
i initially installed cwm v5 ( as zip from cwm site ) , but that appears mount the internal sd card memory with root permissions only . i finally tried cwm 6.0.4.5 ( again as zip , not from cwm site ) . the zip failed verification , so i could not install it . however , in v5 , there is an option to ignore that , so i was able to run v6 . it seems to run fine so far , and the storage is mounted correctly , and i can now pull with adb ! so - solution : - boot into stock recovery - install cwm v5 ( from cwm site ) from sd card ( as zip ) - use that to install cwm v6 from sd card ( as zip ) - then use adb to pull /storage/sdcard0 . ( adb will not preserve time stamps , but you can do a " ls -lare " if you want particular file stamps so in this way i was able to retrieve the contents of the internal sd card . full details http://www.sciencemedianetwork.org/blog/20140304_samsung_galaxy_s2_data_recovery however , after factory reset , the phone still does not boot . follow up question here : complete reset of sgs2 ( factory reset not sufficient )
searching the market , i found rawdroid demo . it says it'll open raw files from dslrs including canon . i have not tried it and it does not seem to have many downloads , so i am not sure if it will work .
finally got it to work and it was not complicated at all . simply create a bookmark and paste the javascript into the url field . i have tried it on this bookmarklet that does a google definition search : to get it saved as a bookmark i just saved the text in evernote then copied it on my phone an pasted it in the url field of " new bookmark . " to make it even easier to access i created a custom dolphin gesture that opens it as " go to url " . now when i am browsing and i want to lookup a word i hit the gesture button and draw a " d " and it brings up a popup that allows me to lookup the word . i have only tried this on dolphin browser hd .
use oilcan - " greasemonkey on steroids for android " .
this question is along these same lines : what causes battery to drain faster than it can charge ? so there may or may not be an app designed to drain the battery but you probably just need to turn on an app that uses the gps . this will help to fully drain your battery but i do not know that doing so before recharging will extend the battery life .
you can try button remapper , but i am not 100% sure if your device is supported . if its not , you could contact the dev and see if he can add support , he recently added support for the galaxy s devices . edit actually , from looking at that thread , it may be supported already . i see there are " media " actions that can be changed . . .
download and install the android sdk . on your handset 's manufacturer website find and download usb drivers for your device , and install them . on your phone go to Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Development and enable the USB debugging option . now when connect the phone to your pc via usb , you should see the " usb debugging connected " ongoing notification . on your pc ( i am assuming windows ) start command prompt by going to start -> run , typing " cmd " and pressing enter . navigate to the " platrofm-tools " sub-folder of where you installed the android sdk ( e . g . " c:\androidsdk" ) by typing the following : cd c:\androidsdk\platform-tools and press enter . now issue the following command : adb devices and press enter . if everything was installed correctly , the adb service will start and show your connected handset 's serial number : * daemon not running . starting it now on port 5037 * * daemon started successfully * list of devices attached ht035xxxxxxxx device you can now issue the adb logcat command to review your handset 's logs in real-time . reboot while your handset is still plugged into usb ( you will need to re-issue the adb logcat command when the phone restarts ) and you will be able to see what your phone is doing during those long boot-up sequences .
vpn capabilities ( pptp , l2tp and ipsec ) for android were included from version 1.6 ( donut ) onwards .
the android release matrix at androidspin is pretty comprehensive . there is also the pdadb .netrom respository , although i do not think it is as user friendsly as the androidspin db . last ( and least relevant to your question ) is theunlockr 's list of android roms ( i just thought it was worth mentioning ) .
it is routed by the carrier so even if your phone is off it will get appropriately routed to google voice . with non-android phones you have to type the carrier specific activation code into the keypad and hit send to make the change at the carrier level . the google voice android app takes care of this for you with a simple toggle in the settings menu .
that is not how nfc works . the n stands for " near " , and it really means that : the tag has to be touching the back of the phone for it to be read . sometimes even putting a case on the phone stops it reading nfc tags . if you want something like this , you could buy a samsung galaxy note 2 or later . these phones have a special feature using the phone 's stylus ( s pen ) , where if the phone gets more than about a metre from the stylus , it will start to bleep . it is mainly intended to stop you forgetting the stylus , but it works just as well the other way around . some newer bluetooth headsets have this feature too : the headset alerts you if it goes out of range of the phone .
chmod will never be supported . that is on purpose according to comments in the source code . here 's a reference to the fuse implementation on github pointing to a comment that says this . and the original head on googlesource ( a bit harder to navigate than github ) . even root cannot bypass it : note that ownership is hardcoded to media_rw:media_rw ( below /data/media ) . ps : /data/media is another story , all the regular permissions apply here , it is ext4 and root is allowed to do whatever it wants .
distance can be measured even if you place 2 points in one place - for mesurement used signal from satellites , and in city it is extremely difficult to predict it changes . accuracy depends on signal quality , and it is impossible to get it 100% even in a field , so when you move phone to 1 meter , signal change may be so small , what not detected , and it may be changed so seriously , what will displayed over 100 meters change ( tested on buildings corners with htc desire and nexus 7 ) .
there are several rdp/vnc application on android , which can be used to " run " any windows application . what you basically need to do is fairly straightforward : setup a server or virtual machine running a windows machine install a rdp/vnc viewer on your android configure the viewer to connect to the server citrix and azure virtualization platform can be accessed by regular off-the-shelf rdp viewer . as an alternative , many open source or off-the-shelf virtualization software like virtualbox or vmware also supports rdp or vnc protocol for remote displays of their virtual machines . how to set up the server is outside the scope of [ android . se ] , try [ superuser ] or [ serverfault ] . once the server is setup , it is fairly straightforward to setup the android part , come back with a more specific question if you had trouble when you get there .
assuming that it has not changed since ics , you can go to : Settings \u2192 Language &amp; Input \u2192 Android Keyboard settings  you can enable another languages over there and then you can quickly switch by long pressing on the space bar or by tapping on " select input method " entry on the notification bar .
no , they are run completely separate and exclusive from each other , not something that'll completely replace the data within your existing contacts . . . although they can be merged so that it displays one contact instead of two ( again , it still will not physically combine the data ) . that way , you can have their profile pic as a contact icon and even their birthday , phone number , email in one place if they have it on their profile . it'll try to merge automatically if the name + phone number or email from your google contact matches what they have in facebook , but it'll have to be manually merged if it does not .
make device as root go to xda-developers . com - seeder topic install last seeder apk on your device run it and then your device should work better .
go to Settings-&gt;About Phone ( this is the last menu item in the settings menu ) and find the version number menu item in the menu . 1 . find the android quickly tap the android version number several times and an android will appear on your screen : 2 . find the nyan-droid press and hold the android n the screen and it will grow . keep holding it and at the end a set of androids wearing ice cream sandwiches will fly across your screen , like so : enjoy ! !
/proc/ is a filesystem that contains special files describing the current state of processes and the kernel . /proc/mounts contains information on the current mountpoints . mountpoints are similar drive letters in windows . since there is only one file hierarchy in linux , any file systems that are not the operating system 's fs ( like an sd card , /proc , etc ) need to be grafted onto this solitary tree . details on these graftpoints are accessible by reading /proc/mounts . part of the info that can be retrieved from this file is the current space utilization and capacity of each filesystem . because it is a file system usage utility , this app probably needs this info in order to tell you how much free space there is on the sd card and/or the main os filesystem . serial permission allows the app to grab a unique identifier for for your phone . i am not sure specifically how this app intends to use it .
passmark has a quite comprehensive list of android devices with cpu , memory , storage , 2d graphics and 3d graphics benchmarks . if your device is not on the list , you can use the free app on google play to measure your device ( and contribute to the public list ) .
if you can get to recovery you should be able to flash the full factory image which will restore your phone to completely stock . download the full occam factory image , which includes the full system , bootloader , recovery , kernel ( boot . img ) , and radio . it is a clean slate for these components - they will flash cleanly over anything you have now . you can run the bundled script called flash-all ( in which case it will run all necessary commands for you ) or you can unpack the tgz ( tar/gz ) archive , and then the zip contained within as well . this will put all the components into one folder : then run the following commands : adb reboot bootloader fastboot flash bootloader bootloader* . img fastboot reboot-bootloader fastboot flash radio radio-mako-m9615a-cefwmazm-2.0.1700.84 . img fastboot reboot-bootloader fastboot flash system system . img fastboot flash boot boot . img fastboot format cache fastboot reboot fastboot flash userdata userdata . img note : this command will wipe your device ( including /sdcard ) , even if your bootloader is already unlocked . note : instead of unpacking the image* . zip and flashing system and boot manually , you can actually do fastboot update image* . zip - this will not delete data ( you would pass a -w flag if you wanted that to happen ) , but it will re-flash recovery back to stock if you were running a custom one . you can then flash it back , or just use the commands above instead . either way , the result will be the same .
dalvik vm ( virtual machine ) is google 's version of a java vm ( on which apps run ) . vms keep apps isolated and independent from actual hardware and other apps . but , for this to work , dalvik needs to convert so called bytecode ( designed for virtual machine ) to native machine code . in order to minimize the performance penalty that the bytecode to native code conversion introduces , a process called just-in-time ( jit ) compilation is performed , which converts hot , i.e. often used , bytecode to native code . 1 art ( android runtime ) is a replacement for dalvik that uses ahead-of-time ( aot ) compilation , meaning your apps are compiled to a ready-to-run state before you even launch them . this is usually done , at the time of app installation , making the process of launching and using them much faster and smoother . and since this means that compilation is only done once , you may also see better battery life , too . if art is better on performance and battery life perspective , should i start using it ? no . if you do that , you may break third-party apps . google has shipped this art preview with android 4.4 for developers to test their apps on it . side note : google 's approach with art is to beat ios ( ios apps are native so performs better even on low-end hardware specs ) , but i do not know where it is heading . . . another fragmentation ? see oems are free to build devices using either one or both . while final version should not affect most of apps , but its not 100% cross-platform thing . 1 note that jit was added to dalvik in android 2.2
it appears to be a touchwiz/sgs3 feature . a post on xda developers suggests freezing contextawareservice . apk if you had like to disable it , but no way to edit the list . another post suggests that a more recent release ( lfb ) has options related to this ( settings -> accessory -> audio applications ) , but does not expand on whether or not you can edit from there .
it appears that the ice cream sandwich update for the galaxy s2 on at and t was never pushed over the air , but only via samsung kies . in order to install the update you will need to install and use kies . if you do , i strongly recommend creating a system restore point ( windows ) before installing it .
i have a samsung galaxy s on t-mobile , so ymmv . to use voice entry , i start the navigation application , not maps ; one of the menu options it displays is " speak destination " . navigation was not available on the phone when i first got it ; i first noticed it about a week ago ( i noticed latitude and places arrived at the same time , so might all have been part of the same push ) . edit : to get voice entry in maps , press and hold the search key , which gives you a general search . to search for a location , i use menu > search , then there is a microphone icon on the search bar . in menu > directions , you can focus on either the From or To input boxes , and again you will get the search bar with a microphone icon . if i use menu > directions to speak a location , it works as if i am doing a map search , so i have to go back and select the location again in the directions input box .
no , it does not matter at all for recovery . just make sure that if the odin package contains anything beside cwm ( e . g . , a kernel ) that the versions match . i have used a voodoo kernel with built in cwm for replacing 3e recovery , and the kernel had to be 2.2 to match my 2.2 os . that said , you could actually flash a mismatching kernel with cwm as long as you already had the cyanogen package on your device and ready to install . you had be able to get into recovery and flash the package even if your os would not boot .
this shows the difference between agps and gps . agps ( assisted gps ) uses a small amount of mobile data to establish a rough location fix ( about 1km-100m accuracy ) based on the cell towers near you . this gives a faster initial location fix than just gps . since you had roaming disabled , agps was not available and getting a location fix on just gps can take a while , especially on some firmware versions of the galaxy s .
the problem was a silly one . when you try to select a wallpaper you are given two choices : full wallpaper for the virtual desktop ( option 1 , scrollable wallpapers ) and a fixed wallpaper ( the second option ) . if you select the second option , it will ask if you want to use the same wallpaper for the lock screen . however , if you select the first one , it will not ask you anything ( because it can not be set ) — ths was the root of the problem . i am assuming that , if you do tap the " do not show this dialog again " can be reset by tapping " clear defaults " in the gallery app .
as far as i know , this is just the way motorola designed their blur interface . see , for example , this screenshot from a blog post on motorola 's dev site : this basically appears anywhere that a developer uses a ListView object , which is fairly common as it is the native way to display . . . well , a list of things ( appropriately named , no ? ) . motorola describes their reasoning as such : the gray background at the bottom of the list is inherited from the device theme . its purpose is to show users where the list ends . in your case , the gray is instead white ( which i have also seen on the droid x ) , but the same concept applies . if you want to get rid of it you basically need to re-theme your device and get rid of the blur ui , which is generally not possible without rooting and using a custom rom due to how tightly integrated it is into the system . alternatively , you could email the developer and politely ask them to re-theme the ListView , since they have the option to explicitly override the default theming if they want . whether or not they think it is worth the effort is kind of out of your control at that point , though .
currently there is no way to share notes on keep in the same way that you can share a document . however , if your goal is to share notes between a fixed amount of persons ( e . g . family members , ) you can always create a new google account , add it to all android phones that you need to share on , and enable sync of keep only on that account .
there was a recent ( around 5-oct-2011 ) update of the offical google docs app , with the following changes : what is new in this version : optimized experience for tablet users , honeycomb ( android 3.0+ ) new 3-panel interface for improved browsing details panel showing a thumbnail and sharing information improved sharing experience with autocomplete system landscape or portrait mode improved video playback maybe it fixes the problems you described . i am sure google will further work on the tablet compatibility of the google docs app , it is just a matter of time .
yes . few years ago , google apps services were separate from normal google services . even cookies were different and compatible to each other . from last year , all google apps accounts are normal google account ( you will have to sign out from normal google account if you want to sign in with google apps account in a web browser ) . and , it supports android too . i have tested it .
no , you can not . those roms are intended for those devices only . flashing a rom that is not compatible with the device can brick the device . you should wait for 4.4 roms for your devices .
the built-in tethering should be Settings-&gt;Wireless and Network-&gt;Tethering &amp; portable hotspot-&gt;USB tethering . i think the name of the menu simply changed between cm6 and cm7 from " tethering " to " tethering and portable hotspot " . edit : additionally , it appears that some phones are simply not supported due to kernel issues . for these devices , the menu option will not be present . this thread on the cyanogenmod forums discusses this , and notes at least two devices which fall into this category ( the htc tattoo and the zte blade ) .
as far as i know , you can not transfer files over android beam , just urls/locations etc . this is because android beam does not use bluetooth or wifi direct in addition to the nfc transfer , which means that an average photo would take 30+ seconds to beam . in android 4.1+ ( jelly bean ) you can transfer files with nfc+bt , and s beam uses nfc+wifi direct .
windows its easier , what you can do is this , from the cmd window , adb logcat &gt; my_logcat.txt and just let it run , now , you can pause , resume the scrolling , in that cmd window , same keystrokes for linux terminal , iirc , now launch an editor and open the file ' my_logcat . txt ' and there the results will show , had there not being a pause/resume in the cmd window , the file will get updated , such as using ' notepad2 ' , ' notepad++ ' or similar , the in-built windows 's version of notepad would do very little justice . linux from a linux terminal under a gui such as kde/gnome , using the two utilities combined , found on most distributions , multitail , which is like a tail unix utility , only more powerful ! adb logcat # want to see the logcat on the screen  using ctrl+s to suspend , then ctrl+q to resume the display , and simply mouse scroll the terminal to back-track seeing the logcat output . the other way is this . . . adb logcat &gt; my_logcat.txt 2&gt;&amp;1 &amp; multitail my_logcat.txt  the first line above creates a background process by using the &amp; at the end of the command , redirecting any errors to /dev/null hence 2&gt;&amp;1 . as the process is forked into the background , using multitail can perform , scroll-back on the logcat .
go check " plug in music widget " at android market . it is working with google music and free .
as it turned out : with adb.exe not being in the %PATH% ( or $PATH for linux/mac users ) , the batch file was not able to find it . so there are 3 solutions to it : fixing the batch file to look in the very same directory fixing the %PATH%/$PATH to include the directory changing into the directory the batch ( and adb ) files are located in , and running it from there for a one-time run , #3 is the easiest approach : open a command shell ( on windows via the start menu , open a cmd – on linux via alt + f2 and entering e.g. xterm ) change to the directory ( using the cd command with the directory as argument ; on windows , you might need to switch to the correct drive letter before ) run the batch/shell script from there if you need that script more often , it might be worth trying one of the other two approaches . not being a windows user , i do not know where exactly to add the PATH information there ( afair it was in " environment variables " somewhere in the settings of the control center ) ; on linux you can just do so in your $HOME/.profile or $HOME/.bashrc , adding a line like export PATH=$PATH:/where/is/adb  ( of course using the correct path instead of /where/is/adb ) . fixing the script/batch is a little beyond the scope of our site : )
i had a problem like this with my sprint evo shift , except toggling 3g would usually get things to work . while i was debugging i found a free app called reset connections that was at least faster than toggling data services off and on again . i do not know if that will solve your problem , but it is something to try .
hangout is the replacement to google talk . and on hangout you can see people online . go into hangout , click the + sign to have " new hangout " ( + sign is on top right , or simply swipe from right to left ) , and all people with a green hangout sign are online people . all people with grey hangout are offline , but you can send them ' offline ' messages so they can see it as soon as they are online . unfortunately this is only half the answer as i do not see a way to remove hangout back to google talk . if anyone can add to this answer , please do .
according to ifixit is teardown , the nexus 7 2013 uses the qualcomm 8064 snapdragon s4 pro soc . qualcomm 's specs show that soc uses their izat gen8a gnss chipset , which according to their overview does include glonass support , though this does not necessarily mean glonass support is actually active and available in software . a simple means to test whether you have got glonass is to use gps status and toolbox and see how many satellites it shows for you . if it shows more than 13 satellites , you are getting both gps and glonass .
both /data and /sdcard are erased when you do fastboot oem unlock . so you lose not just files on the " sd card " , but all installed applications and their internal settings and data . yes , you can use adb backup to backup your data and then restore it later , either with adb restore or titanium backup pro . however , when i did this ( using adb restore ) , my mms messages were lost ; it seems that the backup did not save them , though maybe i just did something wrong . there is also a way to root without unlocking your bootloader . once rooted , you can use bootunlocker to unlock it without wiping data .
you can report the app to google . when visiting the app 's page in the web version of the play store , there is a link for " flag as inappropriate " . under " malicious or inappropriate android apps " ( and i would say this probably qualifies ) you are given two options for reporting the app . one through the play store app on your device , the other via a web site . application providers must adhere to the google play business and program policies . if you see an application that does not follow these standards , you can report it by flagging it from the google play store app on your android device . open the google play store app . visit the application 's page . scroll down and select flag as inappropriate . you can also report malicious or inappropriate apps to the google play team through the android developer help center .
simply , no you can not . you can install an app that will give you another way to lock phone , like lockbot . of course , rooting will solve the problem . . .
create a profile that is active when connected to the bluetooth device and set up an exit task to run whatever you want when the profile becomes inactive due to the device disconnects .
the answer is almost certainly yes . someone could probably get past it in one way or another . ( they could probably just use odin on a samsung device for example . though i have never done something like that myself . ) if you have sensitive data on there then a remote wipe might be the best thing . did you report it stolen with your carrier ? they could report the esn / imei as stolen so at the very least the thief probably would not be able to sell it . of course i do not know your exact situation . if you know for sure it was stolen and not lost could the police recover it from the thief ? either way best of luck to you .
while websites can not directly access the gps , then can get the current location from the device ( but of course only if the user has granted the permission ) . i think that this is done via html5 's gelocation api , but i am not sure .
it is a configuration that must be active to give you that information , usually it is used when you are driving , to prevent accidents : turn off the voice notifications : go to settings menu click on " voice input and output " option select the option " text-to-speech settings " . uncheck the driving mode setting . from the user 's manual driving mode : activate driving mode to provide audible notifications for incoming calls , messages , or event details . change alerts on call settings : settings call settings all calls alerts on call change from " voice " to " vibration " or " off " etc
there is an application called root uninstaller pro 2.7 , with the sole purpose of allowing users uninstall either system or regular applications . to download it to your phone via wap : visit http://wap.mobiles24.com on your wap enabled handset select download by id and enter 552004 click download item other links : root uninstaller pro 2.7 android app apk google play :: root uninstaller pro ( small price )
yes , your phone supports two ways to export its internet connection via bluetooth : dun-gw ( dial-up networking gateway ) pan-ap ( personal area networking access point ) see also this question ( its answer about bluetooth ) . in short : pan is supported from android 3.0 onwards as client . android &lt ; 3.0 users may have luck with wireless tether for root users . dun is not supported out of the box , there are apps though . go for pan if it works for you ( dun requires parameter and possibly eats more battery ) .
navigate to Settings &gt; Application Manager &gt; All then select Reset App Preferences from the menu . try if this works , it worked for me for some other apps .
as far as i have read , the reason this happens is because of the android memory management , which i read was made " worse " because of a better internal task killer in 2.2 froyo . the app is being marked as not needed in memory anymore and is being killed . there are a couple things you could do to mitigate the frequency of this happening . there is an app on the market called minfreemanager which modifies some system config files to change how the memory manager divides up memory to active apps . get the app and load the preset Aggressive . hit both Apply and Apply at boot . also , you need to be rooted to do this . another thing i have seen suggested is in the launcherpro settings , go to General Settings and check the box for Keep in memory . since doing both of these things , i have seen a reduction in homescreen redraws .
you can use dropsync . it can sync any specified folder and you can setup a schedule . recent update of free version of the app removed limitation for the schedule .
there are more differences between android devices than between different pc machines . so you need to know things like which cpu and hardware and version of it you got in the device . then look for an android firmware that supports your phone . you might be able to compile your own firmware from source for your device , also depending on your devices hardware and how well you can handled fails there . after an upgrade , your device will end up in different shape with regard to what works and not after the upgrade . it might even work flawlessly . you might even get a " bricked " device if you fail the upgrade and are a bit unlucky . so , it all depends on what hardware you have and how good support linux and android has to your device hardware . that is why the phone manufacturers and your telephone operator test the upgrades in many ways before they push it out to the customers . but if you know this and are technical skilled and know that you might make your phone usless , you can always try .
no . installing packages is still a privilege reserved to the package manager , which is a system app ( i.e. . it is inside the rom ) , and the package manager does not offer an interface to avoid the confirmation dialog . this is by design . that said , if usb debugging is enabled ( in the developer options ) , you can use adb to install an apk file from a pc , with no user interaction . this possibility exists regardless of whether installing apps from " unknown sources " is enabled . usb debugging is a so-called secure option : only system apps can change it .
actually , i found that all downloaded files are always stored in /mnt/sdcard/Download no matter they are " opened " or " saved " so i can grab them from there with any file manager
in android 2.2 's stock keyboard , a long press on space bar then swiping left or right should allow you to switch between languages you selected on Settings &gt; Language &amp; Keyboard settings &gt; Android keyboard &gt; Input Languages &gt; Select Multiple Languages . note that it depends on your manufacturer , carrier , and rom whether your phone will have the dictionary for the languages you want to use .
it will indeed have english . the default language may be german , but it can be changed in the settings .
i discovered an app called gps test that assists in finding satellites by showing how many are currently in view . basically , i just move my phone around until i can pick up enough satellites . then i hold it still until my position has been locked in . after the lock-in i just use my phone like i normally would . i look like an idiot when i try to pick up a gps signal by holding my phone up weirdly , but at least it works now . for those of you who are interested , you can find a full write-up of my solution here . you can download the app for free on the google play store . by the way , i am on gingerbread now . samsung has released an official update since i posted my question a few weeks ago . as far as i can tell , the gps reception did not improve after updating .
i think any auto-update/notification settings relate to apps installed via the play store , not the play store itself . that is updated occasionally by google . you could try and force an update , if you are convinced one is available and that you are missing it , by going into the application manager and uninstalling updates for play store , then clear data , and clear cache , then running the app again and seeing if it forces the download of a newer version . ( incidentally , i have the s3 too , and am currently on v4.1.10 of the play store . which version are you on ? )
if you are using stock keyboard , then go to the symbols ( ? 123 , bottom left ) , then press alt ( alt , vertically second from bottom left ) , the pipe character is third from top-left . if on htc ime , then go to symbols ( 12# , horizontally second from bottom right ) , go to the second page ( 1/2 , horizontally second from bottom left ) , the pipe character is the fifth character in the third row , and the broken pipe character is the sixth character in the second row .
there are two ways i think you can do this , in the android app , click on the layer selection and go to the my maps layer , where you should see your private maps . if you want to access your bookmarked address , from the main maps screen , click the menu button and choose the bookmarks option . ( not sure about bookmarks , i have a french ui , so it shows as ' favoris' )
you might try the ultimate rotation control app -- when i tested , i found that it could force any of the apps i tested to rotate . it is a seven day free trial , then requires a license purchase ( us$2.99 ) . it turned out that i did not really consider the app that inspired me to download this any better when force rotated , so i did not purchase , but your mileage may vary .
if you are rooted , install autorun manager . make sure you have busybox installed and use Advanced Mode of autorun manager . it displays all receivers of an app as well as intents to which receivers are registered . from there , you can disable a receiver of an app , too . but , you had need pro version if you want to disable more than two receivers .
you can try to install it directly from this page - http://www.1mobile.com/kindle-13239.html however , be warned that due to certain geographical restrictions , the app may not work as intended if not supported . re : your market app not connecting - can you browse the net or connect other apps ? can you sync your google account on your device ? what tablet do you have ?
the facebook app ( at least as of july ) simply does not support the transformer . it is pretty bad on a tablet anyway , and i do not even use it on my xoom . however , some solutions you could try include : try to download facebook from a different app store ( amazon , slideme , etc ) . you may also be able to use market enabler , though i am not sure if it will bypass device restrictions . there is a question that discusses this already . you could try the about:debug trick to switch your useragent to " desktop " . that is discussed here . this works on my xoom and allows me to view the chat bar . you can install opera mobile and then go into the settings and select the " desktop " user agent ( press the " o " button , then Settings-&gt;Advanced-&gt;User Agent ) . this also works on my xoom . other browsers also allow you to switch the user agent string , so these may also work ( dolphin , for example ) . you can use a third-party im client like trillian , which supports facebook accounts . facebook chat is , i believe , xmpp under the covers , so other chat clients will probably also work . if you want a tablet-oriented facebook app , i recommend friend me , though it does not currently support facebook chat . friendcaster also has a beta version for tablets that you can try out .
most of these properties are in /system/build . prop ( or a file like that ) . but i believe the android.os.build.serial is actually set when the device first boots . the system gets the device serial number and adds it to the properties . i actually found a commit in some cyanogenmod code that you can see how exactly it is set : ( now this does say it is somewhat of a hack , but it is set when the device boots ) . from git : 57| sprintf(buf, "ro.serialno=%s", serial); 
you may get what you want , if you find a model that includes this functionality already ( like e.g. the older archos g9 tablets did ) but it will not work out of the box for most models . there is the autopatcher project ( thread on xda ) that enables 3g dongles for modem-less tablets ( but it is limited to certain custom roms like cyanogenmod , aosp , rooted google stock android and others ) . regarding the power question : that is up to the exact model and you will need to find out by trial and error or get that info from searching google/specs/etc . the same applies to your last question ( but in general , those tv sticks are built to be plugged in and out and need to survive sudden power losses just as phones need to because they tend to run out of battery juice ) .
you need to flash this google apps ( gapps ) from this site here . installing just one apk for play store will not suffice and will fail as it has dependencies on other components that makes up gapps .
you should try tasker for simple interface and quick setup . if you are willing to do something by code and very specific , a good alternative is onx by microsoft , you can write your code to do exactly the things you wanna do . also there are some ready recipes that you can quickly setup .
even if proguard was used you still can get some interesting insights . here is a stackoverflow question with a detailed explanation : android : getting source code from an apk file . youtube video with a detailed guide . and a blog entry about that : how to retrieve source code from an android apk file .
this feature is not built into android , but there is an app - desksms , that allows you to do what you are asking . it does , however , require the use of a browser plugin .
it seems that , as noted in the comments , changing my keyboard app has solved this . i was having trouble with my default kb app going to 100% cpu when entering text lately , so that prompted me to try a new one , finally . i have tried multiple times while typing this answer to get the behavior to occur again , and it will not . yippee !
i got it : we need to copy those SDK Manager.exe and AVD Manager.exe to the sdk root folder , i needed to copy them to C:\android-sdk\ , this is because , SDK Manager.exe and AVD Manager.exe are looking for tools .
the honeycomb 3.2 update for logitech review fixed this .
can you replace the pwd symbolic link with a script that just runs ' busybox pwd ' ? or would an alias work ?
unfortunately not , except perhaps a different chat application that can interface with google talk . talk uses the timestamp of the sender to order the messages , using the assumption that cellphones on a cell network will have a consistently accurate clock . it is likely that a different chat application ( such as imo or trillian ) which interfaces with google chat will display these messages differently ; i do not use multi-protocol chat applications , or change my clock , so i cannot confirm that this will solve your problem ; i remain rather confident it will however .
short answer is yes you can . long answer is below but basically it depends on your device , your bootloader and if someone has figured out an exploid to unlock the bootloader yet . more information : from this link you can see the difference : what is bootloader and why unlock it ? in literal terms , bootloader is code that is executed before any operating system starts to run . bootloaders basically package the instructions to boot operating system kernel and most of them also have their own debugging or modification environment . as the bootloader kicks off before any piece of software on your device , it makes it extremely processor specific and every motherboard has it’s own bootloader . every android phone has a bootloader that instructs the operating system kernel to boot normally . why is it locked ? a bootloader is usually locked on an android device because although it’s an open source os , still the manufacturers want you to stick to their android os version specifically designed for the device . in order to apply this concept , manufacturers lock the bootloader . with a locked bootloader on android devices , it is virtually impossible to flash a custom rom and forced attempts void warranty as well as usually end up in bricks . why should i unlock ? the explanation to this question is really simple . if you want root , you’d be wanting to flash custom rom post-root , and if you want to install a custom rom , you’d need to have your stock bootloader unlocked . in simple terms unlocking the bootloader allows you to install custom firmware on your android phone warning : unlocking your phone’s bootloader voids its warranty . it also completely wipes ( formats ) your android phone’s internal memory including applications , contacts , sms and mms messages etc . just a quick note… . root can be achieved without unlocking the bootloader but that requires an exploit that is discovered by a developer . this quick note is the important part really . it has to be discovered by a developer , so it depends on the device and if someone has figured out the exploit and released tools for you to do it . htc let you unlock your bootloader through htc dev site but others will not give you an inch on this .
the old reader 's website has a list of apps that are known to use its api . the only android app currently listed is : listener launcher which is an alternative launcher , so probably does more than you want . however a quick search of the play store for " the old reader " comes up with : the old reader ( unofficial ) app , and the greader ( free version ) ( paid version ) app both of which claim to sync with the old reader , amongst other services .
in the official facebook for android app , you can shut off chat via the following : start up facebook make sure you are in the main menu ( press back if it shows the news feed ) click " chat " press the menu button and hit " go offline "
ubuntu running on one computer is really no different from ubuntu running on another computer , whether one of the computers is called a " phone " or not :p things to consider for your applications : does this application rely on specific video libraries ? no existing android phone has an ati video chip , for example , as far as i am aware . does this application rely on specific input methods or other hardware ? not all android devices support peripherals . of course , most have bluetooth so ubuntu should be able to manage a bluetooth keyboard , for example , but i am not sure whether a phone 's bluetooth stack could be so different as to not work in ubuntu . does this application rely on the x86 architecture ? most ( all ? ) android devices use the arm architecture . i would suspect that emacs would be fine if you compiled it for the chipset of whatever device you used . ruby might be more complicated -- maybe it relies on specific x86 instructions , i have not really studied how interpreted languages work in that regard -- but maybe not . you are making me want to try ubuntu on my phone so i can better answer these questions :p
by doing a factory reset and formatting the sd cards , i would say that it is safe enough to sell . if you want to be perfectly sure , flashing the original rom with option of wiping the cache will make the phone as good as you got it when you purchased . of course , still you have to format the sd card in that case as well . to know how to flash the original rom for you lg optimus gt540 , you can visit this page , which has a step by step instructions about this process . you should be able to find similar such page for your other samsung device just with google search . update : i found this web page , which explains about to how to downgrade i5800 to 2.1 . by that process you can get the original rom ( watch out for the region ) and safely sell .
if you get the directions for a route , you can pull the bottom white bar up to see the detailed , written instructions . you can also drag the bottom white bar to the left to see more of the available routes .
you cannot remap hardware buttons without root , but if you do not want to root your phone there are some soft key apps which " work " ( they look bad to me , but if they are satisfactory i guess it would work ) . for how to do remapping or use better soft keys look below : the first step in this process will be of course to root you phone ( the linked instructions are just one i found on google , feel free to look for others ) . from here you have two options , either use soft keys or remap your hardware keys . soft keys : -you can either grab an app to do this for you , or install a custom rom ( for example cyanogenmod ) that has the feature built in . just google " android soft keys " for some app options . hardware keys : buttonremaper look for hardware key remapping on google for more options . let me know if you have any questions .
from self testing of the drive , quickoffice and the new docs apps and an official google blog posting , it seems like the strategy will be : google drive app to view and organize your files quickoffice to open ms documents stand alone google docs apps ( docs , sheets , and eventually slides ) to open google doc files some testing i did shows ( moto x 4.4.2 with docs v1.3.144.12 ; quickoffice v6.3.1.041 ; drive v1.2.563.21 ) : the quickoffice app only opens microsoft format files ; i am unable to load native google documents the new docs app only opens google doc word files ; i am unable to load microsoft format files a google blog post has a statement that leads me to believe their strategy is to remove document editing from the drive app itself , and just have it open the stand-alone apps for google doc files , and quickoffice for ms document files : if you don’t have time now , over the next few days you’ll be prompted to download the apps when you go to edit or create a document or spreadsheet in your drive app . and of course , you’ll still be able to use the drive app to view and organize all of your documents , spreadsheets , presentations , photos and more . we also may be in line for a new google drive update soon - which removes in-drive editing . the ios version of drive has stripped in-drive document editing ( in favor of the external apps ) and added a pin code to allow you to encrypt local documents . ( source ) edit : the new google drive app has been released , which removes in-drive editing , and will prompt you to download the new docs and sheets apps .
it really depends what you mean by superior . the desire hd will be basically the same as the existing desire but with a 4.3" screen and will have the same amount of internal storage as the galaxy s . the desire hd will have 768 mb of ram instead of 512 mb on the galaxy s . but the desire hd will have the same snapdragon processor as the old desire , whereas the galaxy s has the superior hummingbird . however , the desire hd will have a 8 mp camera whereas the galaxy s only has 5 mp , and the desire hd has dual led camera flash whereas some of the galaxy s phones do not have a flash at all . that sums up the major differences , and personally i would lean toward the desire hd , but you should compare for yourself and see what better fits your needs : htc desire hd specifications samsung galaxy s specifications
you should go to settings -> security and check the option : unknown sources ( or something like that ) . then your tablet would allow you to install apps from everywhere .
this looks like it could be an issue with certain background services malfunctioning . try observing the background services and disable some of them to see if you might hit the culprit . to do it in a way that is less hit and miss , there are several battery app in the market or you can use ics native battery monitor to see if there are anything that are consuming more battery than it really should .
the current best , known solution is to use " adbwireless " to connect the device with one 's computer over a network . be careful to connect both devices to the same network . if you do not have access to a wireless network , the . apk can be transferred in harddrive mode after exporting the project from eclipse . however , this route does not allow use of adb for logging , debug mode , or any other tools . ( see application " alogcat " if logcat logs are wanted ) if anyone finds other solutions , please edit this answer .
the answer is data2sd what does it do ? it basically tells android to use the ext2 partition ( once available ) on the sd card as internal storage , together with hd2 's internal memory . this way you can get up to 4gbs . how to install ? as specified in the forum , you can grab the recovery zip ( check topic if link goes down ) and install it in recovery . it is not that straightforward . if that is your first time , i suggest to : make a backup of the sd card on pc , laptop , tablet or cloud , because it is going to be wiped insert the card in hd2 , boot in recovery ( keep HOME down during htc logo ) . some roms allow you to reboot in recovery , some apps allow you to with one click : choose your favourite option from clockwork recovery , choose the option to partition sd card ( Advanced -&gt; Partition SD Card ) , and choose your partition size . with card > = 8gb , i recomment 4096mb once finished , power off , remove the card and copy the recovery zip you downloaded on the card . also restore your previous backup insert the card , boot recovery again and choose the option to install a zip from sd card , then choose that file and confirm reboot android . you are done ! ! how does it work ? when you partition the sd card , android creates a swap partition ( that works like in linux , do not forget it is just plain linux kernel ) and an ext2 partition of the size you just chose in the end of the card . the first part of the card is partitioned with a fat32 partition for easy interoperability , because windows and other oses only mount the first partition in a removable drive , if they can mount it . data2sd is basically an init script ( running on system boot ) that mounts this ext2 partition as the /data directory of the system . credit to user Anurag pandey@xda-developers
such ads are not fetched from the internet , they are built into the app . usually the ads would feature some other app from the same developer .
things that would be cleared are anything that is not saved , open applications , etc . for example , if you were playing a game , and just pressed the home key the game would go to the background and be paused . when you restart your phone , you will lose that game ( up until the last point it saved ) . other things that you leave half finished , such as an unwritten email might get lost , but even that is unlikely because i notice android pretty much makes sure i never lose anything . it is not a bad idea to restart your device once in a while , but you really do not have to worry about losing anything . it is safe .
have you installed and used the dolphin desktop toggle add-on ? is it not what you were looking for ? although , not an automatic method , it does make switching user agents much less painful . else , you might also try accessing the mobile version of sites that render better by using their url e.g. http://m.twitter.com or http://m.gmail.com or mobile . website . com etc .
in order to assign a drive letter to a removable device , that device must support ums ( usb mass storage ) protocol . unfortunately most newer android phones , especially those without a removable sd card , do not support ums . instead , they support mtp ( media transfer protocol ) and ptp ( picture transfer protocol ) protocols . in such devices it is not possible to map storage as a drive in windows . see more details on this superuser . com question . with that said , on some selected samsung and sony android devices it is possible to enable the ums mode for external storage only ( sd card ) . see this app . also , if your goal to simply copy files to and from an android device via command prompt , adb will allow you to do so . this utility is part of android sdk tools . you will need usb drivers for your android phone to be installed , usb debugging activated in developer settings on the phone , and authorize the pc to debug the phone ( via a prompt on the device . ) after that is done , you will be able to use adb push and adb pull commands to copy files and directories , and various linux shell commands via adb shell &lt;command&gt; ( e . g . adb shell ls /sdcard/ ) to navigate the directory structure on the phone .
thanks for the suggestions , but after thinking about it for a while i am going to try a completely different approach which better meets my objectives . i have added my other pop email accounts to my gmail account choosing for each to leave a copy of the email on the server after downloading into gmail . i will remove those other email accounts from my nexus , stop using the stock email app altogether , and rely solely on the gmail app to manage my email on the device . each email account has been labeled in gmail so i know which accounts the email is coming in from . the email on my device will now stay synced with gmail which will be unaffected by using outlook on my computer . outlook will stay unchanged - set to download all of the email from each separate account and remove the messages from the server at the same time . messages already downloaded into gmail will stay in gmail until i delete them . and most importantly i will not have to be worried about disappearing email on my device , i will still receive notifications on the device when new email arrives , and i do not have to be bothered with the buggy behavior of the stock email app . win-win-win .
i have read about that phenomenon of some androids having trouble in mixed wpa/wpa2 mode a couple of times now . as you described , people solved it by using either wpa or wpa2 ( or even wep ) . so wpa2 only you tried ( but got trouble with your mac ) . any chances to pin it to only wpa ? wep would be a last-ressort , as it offers only marginal protection . remark : not sure about your settings for this , but in some cases people had ssid broadcast turned off on the router ; turning it on again ( i.e. . broadcasting the ssid ) solved the issue for some of them .
there are several ways to collect this type of information , i will be speaking about two that i use on a daily basis as to oversee what is going on with my devices : terminal using a terminal application , you are able to run linux commands like top or ps that provide information about the currently running processes : ps ps ( i.e. . , process status ) displays information about a selection of the active processes . top the top program provides a dynamic real-time view of a running system . it can display system summary information as well as a list of tasks currently being managed by the linux kernel . the terminal i most use is called android terminal emulator by jack palevich available from google play store . application there are several applications with the sole purpose of providing you with real-time information regarding the processes being executed , detailed information about apps and their system resources usage , system logs or system monitoring : android system info by electricsheep available from google play store . this app presents information divided with 5 tabs : dashboard an overview of you device important information : battery usage ; internal memory used/free ; sdcard size and free space ; ram ; etc . system all system information is presented here : os ; buildinfos ; battery ; memory ; telephony ; networks ; wifi ; cpu ; screen ; sensors ; features ; javaproperties ; and many more . just tap over each one to unfold the detailed information . tasks shows the total cpu load and cpu load/memory used for each process . you can tap a process to get more details about it ; kill the process or switch to the process . apps list of all installed apps , providing means to stop or uninstall an app . if you tap over an app , you have several options like : launch ; manage ; uninstall ; etc . additionally , you are able to see all the useful information about the package itself and in relation to your system , including all permissions he uses . logs provides you with your system logs . if you press " menu " the logs will be saved to your sd card .
you can only delete specific visited pages while going through the complete browser 's history . i asked because you can not actually delete any visit while they are filtered out by a search query . i think this should be allowed as a feature because if you had a big history you would need to spend an unimaginable amount of time to delete a very old entry while browsing it completely .
two things to check given gmail is already set to sync . first , double check you have notifications ticked inside the gmail app , this can be found by opening the left menu and opening the settings located at the bottom . secondly , in settings open data usage , then open the three dot menu and ensure that " auto-sync data " is on and " restrict background data " is off . note : these directions are based on stock 4.4 , if they do not correspond just let me know what phone and software version you have .
there are a number of possible reasons for an inaccurate location , mostly relating to the lack of a good gps fix . if the phone cannot get an accurate gps fix , it will use more approximate methods of deriving its location - such as cell tower locations and wifi hotspot locations . possible reasons for no good gps fix , in vague descending order of likliness : you are indoors , or the sky is otherwise obstructed ( trees can have quite an impact ) gps is turned off or disabled on your phone , or you are using google maps on a device that does not have a gps receiver . you have not used the gps for a day or more , or you have moved a long way since you last used it , and it is taking a while to get a fix - this can take a minute or more in some circumstances , especially if you do not have a data signal . the gps is not working properly . some phones have gps trouble occasionally and require a restart . there is interference with the gps - e.g. naval forces sometimes conduct exercises with gps jamming , and i have had . . . variable results trying to use it near a large naval base before . normally if google maps can only give an approximate fix it will show a circle around your position , showing uncertainty . it might help with diagnosis to know whether you are seeing this circle , as that will indicate whether maps knows that it has an approximate location or whether it thinks that it has an accurate one and is wrong .
there is a lengthy discussion about this on : http://androidforums.com/droid-support-troubleshooting/87515-my-droids-touch-screen-going-crazy.html the main point seems to relate to either oil and dirt covering the screen and/or heating up issues from dirt within internal components . there are some suggested solutions such as carefully cleaning the screen and the speaker opening . it also seems to be strongly affected by moisture .
it is a security concern . the android documentation does not provide a lot of elaboration , stating simply : the procedure must be confirmed on-screen , and deletes the user data for privacy reasons . however , the privacy concern is relatively straightforward to extrapolate . once the bootloader is unlocked , the device can be flashed with unsigned images . this means that it is relatively trivial to root the device , and there are actually multiple ways it can be done , such as : flashing a system image with root tools built in flashing a boot image that runs adbd with root by default ( an " unsecure " image ) flashing a recovery image , then using that to overwrite the system or boot partitions with ones that allow root access once root is obtained , all of the information on /data essentially becomes accessible . this could be emails , contact information , or many other pieces of personal information that you likely do not want in the wrong hands . therefore , it makes sense to wipe all of this data during the unlocking procedure to ensure that there is no off-the-shelf " official " way of bypassing the sandboxing restrictions implemented by the android operating system , which would thereby allow someone to steal personal data . of course , there may be ways to root without wiping on some devices , but they rely on exploits rather than official methods like a bootloader unlock , meaning they are basically bugs .
there is an app for that . photosync ( sync to picasa ) automatically syncs local folder to picasaweb , so you can select your camera folder . it is free and not so huge as g+ app . you can set your local folder and picasa folder and sync them on eg . hourly basis .
unfortunately there was a rogue update from hd widgets that caused this : hd widgets bug i have emailed the developer and hopefully they can update soon . this was insane how debilitating this was to my phone .
simple2ext ( as described here : http://forum.cyanogenmod.com/topic/20328-solution-to-unable-to-download-big-apps-from-the-market/ ) did the job for me . i am also running cm 7.0.3 and had problems with downloading big apps from market . sometimes it helped clearing the dalvik cache but not always .
i have not looked exhaustively at the filesystem itself ( did not use adb shell or anything ) , but i am fairly positive the warning is just a generic message that shows up whenever you clear data for an app or system service . i tried a couple of different apps and services and always saw the warning . after clearing my media storage data and unmounting/remounting my sd card i had : all of my music still available ( after it had a chance to rescan ) my google music account still set up and properly linked my ringtone still set to the correct song on my sd card all other accounts and settings normal so basically , everything excepting the actual list of songs on my sd card was retained , and the list was refreshed after i remounted the sd card , as far as i can see . other than clearing media storage data , the only other thing i have tried to get my music to update is just unmounting and remounting the sd card ( or using an app like sd rescan to do it for you , as mentioned in the other question ) . i have personally had kind of mixed results with this , but the clear data then remount cycle always seems to work .
according to a few reports floating around the web , including this one from bgr this is a known software bug which google is working to correct . i get them on my gn occasionally as well and in my experience it is 100% random , so i do not think there is anything we can do to avoid them .
no , there is no way to do this unless you have some special-purpose hardware . as someone already commented , normal android devices do not have a radio transmitter that can be made to transmit on any frequency .
this app should help . since you have rooted your device , it should work fine .
thanks for your answers . i found a solution for my problem . there is a project named " google musik desktop player " that is almost what i wanted i just let the player run on my pc and friends in my room have only access to my music library so they can choose a song or create a playlist .
" press 1 to accept the call " sounds like google voice 's call screening . check your gv call settings to ensure that call screening is not on at all . ( you can individually turn it off for certain people or groups , but the main setting would need to be " on " . ) more on call screening at google voice support .
apart from being automatically updated , and even if you apply updates manually , you only know about possible disadvantages once the update was done . so my recommendation goes in a different direction , namely : being able to restore the state before the update was applied , so you can " roll back " . for this , i recommend using appmonster ( or rather appmonster pro , as the pro version can do all required stuff automatically in background , so you cannot forget it ) . this app automatically creates a backup of each app 's .apk file whenever the app is installed or updated . it also takes care about only keeping a configured number of backups , so you do not risk running out of space . if you do not like an update , you then can simply launche appmonster to restore a previous version . i am using appmonster for years already , and can heartily recommend it . and as to your original question : i have auto-updates turned off , so i can manually decide which updates i want and which not . for some apps , i prefer the version i am currently using for reasons like removed functionality , less overhead , and more .
flashing your phone probably also changed your modem/baseband . flashing another might give you better signal . here you can download modems for your phone : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1158783
it will not work to detect deleted files , but i just put an app up on the play store that will work on new and updated files : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.gmail.jerickson314.sdscanner it uses a workaround inspired by dan hulme 's answer : by using the api that is only for a specific file , but manually generating a recursive list of files on the card . this requires only the read permission on the sd card , not root , and has the nice side effect of allowing a reliable progress indicator .
aha , found them ! /emmc/DCIM then most of them are in the 100MEDIA sub directory .
you would need a custom rom that supports moving apps to the ext3 partition . i would recommend searching the development section of xda-developers forums for your handset for such a rom . if a rom does not support apps2ext natively , you can try your luck with a script ( example for htc dream/magic here ) that can be installed on top of another rom . [ edit ] : just adding stuff from my comments to the answer . if you are on android version 2.2 and above , you can use the built-in " apps-to-sd " functionality to move apps to sd card . go to Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications then tap on any app and under the " storage " section tap the " move to sd " button . after a few seconds you will see the button 's name change to " move to phone " and size of the app decrease significantly . this method is not without drawbacks . first off , an app needs to be explicitly coded to support this functionality . second , widgets and apps that run as a service ( e-mail , virtual keyboards , weather notifications , etc . ) do not work when moved to sd , and must reside on the phone 's internal memory . furthermore , not the entire app moves to the sd card . a part of it stays on the phone , along with its cache and data/settings . if you have a phone with a small amount of internal app storage , using the built-in apps-to-sd will just prolong the inevitable " out of memory " errors . the apps2ext scripts resolve most of these shortcomings . it " fools " the phone into thinking that the ext2/3/4 partition is part of the phone 's internal memory . this means that widgets and services will work just fine with this method . also , since you can make your partition as large as you wish ( recommended not to exceed 2gb ) , the space issues disappear . the scripts also provide options for moving caches and data to the ext partition in order to free up even more internal memory . the drawback of the apps2ext method is that it is well , a hack . first off , your phone needs to be rooted . second , you will no longer be able to un-mount and remove the sd card from the phone , since all of the apps ( including system ones ) reside on the ext partition . third , you are putting a lot more strain on the sd card from increased writing , which may shorten its lifespan . finally , as with any hack it may make your phone less stable .
you might need to clear the cache of the download manager . go into : Settings -&gt; Apps -&gt; All (tab) -&gt; Download Manager  here tap Clear cache and for good measure Clear data
if your phone has a menu hard key , like most samsung phones , the three-dots icon for an overflow menu will not appear . press the menu key instead , and settings is the bottom item on the menu .
no . the blogger images showed up because they are hosted in picasa which is integrated into the android gallery . but as a workaround you could host your images on picasa and link to them from your blog .
the galaxy nexus is supported from a device/hardware standpoint , but it may not be available in your region for some reason . if that is the case , you can instead get rom manager directly from the developer 's website . there are also clockworkmod recovery downloads on that page . if , for whatever reason , rom manager proves to be unusable or unsatisfactory , there are a few alternatives currently available : goomanager beta rom toolbox
i see this issue quite frequently . hangouts will crash if you disable stock messaging app , but you can not re-enable the messaging app if you have disabled it before upgrading the os . in order to resolve you need to go into settings -> apps , tap the three-dot menu button , and select the " reset app preferences " option : this re-enables all previously disabled apps , including the ones you could not re-enable before . hangouts should also stop crashing now .
this is due to 2 things : the file does not have execute permissions [ and ] the file cannot gain executable permissions as it is on the sd card . the sd card 's filesystem can accept file permissions , however it is mounted with the noexec flag , as stated in a comment . this stops files being executed . solution : copy the net-snmp-5.7.2 directory to the /data/local/tmp directory as root . set the configure file to be executable by running chmod 0777 /data/local/tmp/net-snmp-5.7.2/configure as root . you should now be able to execute the configure script by typing /data/local/tmp/net-snmp-5.7.2/configure and pressing enter . note this should all be done as the root user : )
the device goes to sleep when the screen is off and no background services are doing anything ( such as checking for mail ) . when this happens , the wi-fi chip in the phone can go into a low-power state . this saves power while the device is asleep , but has some costs:- next time the device wakes up it'll take an extra fraction of a second to turn the wi-fi back on , making the tablet less response when you turn the screen on . if the device wakes up to perform a background task ( such as checking for mail ) , that'll take slightly longer too , and use more power . that is , the device uses less power while asleep , but waking it up costs slightly more : like the trade-off between keeping the engine in your car running , or stopping it and using more fuel/battery to restart it later . any apps with " push " features ( using google cloud messaging or similar ) will not work while the device is asleep . that is , you will not get google hangouts messages , or notifications from gmail , while the device is asleep . if those costs are fine for you , leave the setting off to allow the wi-fi chip to go to sleep when the rest of your phone does . otherwise , turn the setting on to keep the wi-fi on all the time .
that is not a bug , it is a feature . it is called the " back stack " . the idea is that you perform a single task , like reading e-mail , and all activities , that it is what " windows " are called on android , are grouped together on the task 's back stack . if you want imdb " in a separate window " , that is as activity of a new task with its own back stack , you can simply open it from the launcher by selecting the imdb icon .
on my galaxy s3 it is home and power but they need to be held in for about 1 second but it may be different on the s2 edit : according to this samsung have changed the screen shot buttons to be volume down + power on some firmware versions and on others it is power + home heald for about 2 seconds . hope that helps
if you update via android 's over-the-air ( ota ) update , you will lose root . you will need to re-root again if you want root access ,
there are 2 potential solutions . one , when you use perform task you can pick the priority of the task your asking it to run . if you set the priority the same or higher than the current task ( a good way to do this is to specify '%priority + 1' ) , the new task will completely execute before the current on resumes . if you set the priority of the task lower than the current task 's priority , the current task will finish before the new task starts . since i have had mix results with the use of priority could add a wait until after the preform task . example : 1. WAIT UNTIL MIN: 1 UNTIL: %Done IS SET  the variable , %done , is set at the last line of the task you called . you can set %done to anything but one it is set the 1st task will know it is okay to continue . if you have any further problems feel free to come back and ask more question . if my answer does solve your problem please remember to make it as answered and to upvote my answer . i only ask since i am new and i am trying to build up my reputation . thanks , hope it all works out .
according to this page , you need to reset the watch to factory settings if you want to pair it with another device , each time you wish to switch phones or tablets .
did you wait some time after the power cord was pluged in ? it is normal that this takes some time to show the charging screen if the battery is not charged at all . for a full factory reset ( that is the most reset that can be done by the galaxy s ) , you want to boot into recovery mode by powering off the device , and then booting it by holding down the volume up + home + power keys . a menu should appear that offers the " factory reset " option .
.apk files are downloaded and stored in subfolders under a location on your device called /data . by default you do not have permissions to read from that location . in order to read/write in that location you will need to have rooted your device .
the easiest method is probably to install a uk rom . if you do not want to root or use a custom rom , you can probably find a stock one . i recommend searching xda .
fring or nimbuzz apps from the market place both allow you to do voice calls using gtalk .
you can try using ical import/export . it looks like it should be able to export your calendar data . it will allow you to export your calendar ( s ) to ical files . i have not actually tried the application , so i am not sure if it uses the local calendar database on the device , or it it attempts to connect directly to google calendar .
android vnc viewer is free and works with host names , but i have not played around with it much , so i cannot vouch for quality . alternatively you could use a hostname to ip resolver ( either as an app or as a website ) to find out the ip address and use that to connect . i just tried out dns lookup from the android market , and it looks like a pretty decent solution ( fast , long-press to copy ip ) . if you have the time , send an email to the creator of the app you use for a feature request , i am sure he would appreciate the feedback : ) .
the launcher application on some phones does not provide the ability for a scrolling wallpaper , the only way to fix this would be to download a separate launcher . here is a list of most of them - https://play.google.com/store/search?q=launcherc=apps
that should be possible . there are plenty of backup apps available on google play which allow local backups , such as sms backup and restore or sms backup . for contacts , there is e.g. contacts backup , and for both together super backup : sms and contacts . they all store the backed-up data e.g. on your sdcard . though i found no explicit mention of sim messages , i would assume they are covered – but you might wish to check for yourself to make sure . update : as it turned out , above apps do not seem to cover sim storage . but i have just stumbled upon backup2csv , which explicitly lists to export contact directories ( sim card and phone ) ( it also lists export text messages ( sms ) , but does not explicitly mention the sim card in that context ) .
yes . on the home screen , hit the option button , then go to preferences > appearance settings > hide icon labels and check the box .
so what ' access denied ' in this case is you do not have the correct permissions to execute the file . this can be solved 2 different ways : use the sudo command ( super user can run any file ) sudo myprogram -options param1 param2 param . . . use chmod o+x filename to let anyone execute the file so basically you need a rooted device to be able to run that file , unless you change the permissions of the file before you transfer it to the device . you can use the chmod command to add the execute permission to the file before you hand it off to the device . this way anyone can execute the file . be warned , adding the execute permission for everyone is a security hole if the program can be used to change the file system in any way . rooting your tablet in this case might actually be safer .
it is not possible to limit the download bandwidth via code running on the device . it is up to the sender how fast to send data . all that such an app could do is to throw away packets once they arrive at the device , which is after they have been counted by your carrier . those packets would then have to be resent , being counted again . the effect would be that websites and c . would take longer to load and use more data to do so .
if you are talking about a nandroid backup : yes , it would . it creates images from the devices file systems -- so all that is stored there gets copied to those image files . you can then even extract single items using e.g. titanium backup .
short answer : no . long answer : adb install is a " shortcut " that is equivalent to open a shell ( using adb shell ) and type pm install . pmstand for package-manager and his behaviour is the same as other package manager in other linux distributions ( like aptitude in debian or pacmanin arch linux ) except that pm does not fetch package from a distant location . the play store is an application like others , and we can not call android applications like we call a program like a c or " normal " java program , because the .apk file is not actually a binary , but a simply zipped package . it is the dalvik virtual machine ( sort of equivalent to the java vm ) that deals with running applications . the play store application simply download the application you want and then run pm install on the package downloaded .
from a gnu/linux-based os , you can use heimdall , an open-source alternative to odin which is proported to match odin feature-for-feature while also being more reliable . otherwise , you can follow any of the many tutorials for installing a new android rom . i will provide a bit more information to help you start your journey : if you want a custom rom like cyanogenmod or any of the dozens which are available in precompiled packages for specific devices , then you will need to use heimdall to flash a custom recovery image ( twrp or clockworkmod recovery ) . the zipped rom images are flashable through these recovery modes . if you want stock , samsung android/touchwiz then you can use heimdall to flash over the entire android image from samsung . ( google around to find the one for your model ) if you want to compile android yourself , you will likely want a custom recovery image ( twrp or clockworkmod recovery ) and you can download the android source code or if you want to modify existing custom roms , you can download their respective source and compile it yourself . you had need to hunt down some in-depth android compiling tutorials in order to do this , as it is not a simple process . note : before flashing anything to your device , make sure that you match the model numbers !
okay , i figured out how to set the good ol ' voice commands app as the default voice commands interface . it has to be done while not connected to a hands free device via bluetooth . tap into the phone app tap the phone app 's microphone icon in my case a prompt appeared asking me to select the default app to handle voice commands . thereafter , it is used the correct voice commands app when connected via bluetooth . for those who wanted to know how to disable google now , here 's how it is done : swipe up from the home icon to activate google now scroll all the way to the bottom tap the overflow menu ( three vertical dot icon ) tap settings tap google now tap the off/on switch in the upper-right to disable google now
most likely the app has chosen not to show them for that particular input box . from a technical perspective , this is controlled by flags on the TextView object that represents the text area control ( e . g . the TYPE_TEXT_FLAG_NO_SUGGESTIONS option ) . i do not believe there is any way to override this setting if the app chooses to disable it . it is probably also important to note that it is a bit of a one-way street . suggestions are enabled by default on all text areas , but will obey the global setting , so an app can not forcibly enable suggestions in any way . if you have the global setting turned off , they are off everywhere . the logic that the developer documentation provides for allowing apps to forcibly disable suggestions is that in some cases they simply are not very useful . the specific relevant quote would be ( from the above link ) : . . . this is useful for text views that do not contain words from the language and do not benefit from any dictionary-based completions or corrections . . . i would wager the market disables them because app names and such have no obligation to be dictionary words , so suggestion attempts would often prove rather futile . i would also understand the same being true of your second example , which sounds like a source code editor ( i assume that is what you mean by " syntax highlighting" ) . it would be sort of akin to visual studio underlining misspelt words in source code - it provides no benefit since most of the text will not be dictionary words .
android never removes applications from its memory , unless it has no memory left , then it initiates a low memory warning to unused applications and kills them when needed . . . android webviews ( the default android implementation of web browser ) consume lots of memory , and so is firefox 's implementation of their web browser . actually , gecko ( firefox 's rendering engine ) is much slower and a bigger memory consumer than android 's default webkit rendering engine . so when you exit firefox on your android , the memory is probably nearly full , the system kills it , but firefox has a mechanism that saves the urls of the previously opened tabs , and though it starts the application again ( and not resuming it ) it loads everything you left open again . . . and no , 512mb are no enough , android 2.3 takes approx 300mb to run .
in fact , i never had an android device where this was that easy to achive ! our friends at xda-developers offer a guide and the necessary tools in this thread . having a " microsoft free zone " and " only " running linux machines ( yeah , even the android ones run a linux kernel ) , i was able to follow up those steps with a little adaption here and there -- and so i will sum up the results for windows and linux users as well : preparation first you need to download the required tools , all of them available at the linked xda-developers thread : o4xr . zip is the rooting toolkit is11lg_systembackuptest . signed . apk to prepare your device windows users only : lgunitedmobiledriver_ver_3.7.2_lg-p880_lgo4xhd . zip -- the windows drivers for the device having everything downloaded , some additional steps are necessary at your computer : windows users only : unzip and install the drivers linux users : make sure adb is able to detect the device ( check with adb devices ) . if it is not , see at the end of this answer for some hints . everybody : copy IS11LG_SystemBackupTest.signed.apk to your optimus ( e . g . after connecting it via usb in mtp mode , copy the file to the internal sdcard ) everybody : create a new directory , unzip o4xr.zip there , and change into this directory . the rooting process on your optimus , go to settings&rarr ; security and make sure " unknown sources " is ticked ( i.e. . contains a checkmark ) go to settings&rarr ; developer options and enable " usb debugging " now install IS11LG_SystemBackupTest.signed.apk ( e . g . use a file explorer to find and " launch " it ) open the " systembackuptest " app you just installed . nothing spectacular will happen , so do not be disappointed here . hold the power button and choose " power off and restart " . when you can see the lock screen , you may notice that the phone is running very slowly , this is normal . once the device is fully started up again , connect it to your computer with an usb cable . make sure the phone is in " charging only " mode . on your pc , open a terminal ( linux ) resp . command ( cmd.exe, Windows window and change into the directory you've extractedo4xr . zip` into . ( on windows , you may need admin privileges : right click , run as administrator . on linux it did fine for me without superuser/root permissions ) now run the rooting script : windows users : type root followed by the enter key linux users : type ./root-linux.sh , also followed by the enter key any mac users ? type ./root-mac.sh , also followed by the enter key . do not worry , it will not root your mac/linux machine ( windows users : it is unlikely to root your box , either : ) do not disconnect your phone while the script runs ! wait while it does its job . during that process , the phone will reboot automatically a couple of times . the script will inform you about this in your command/terminal window . once the command/shell prompt returns , the misdeed is accomplished : ) now uninstall SystemBackupTest from your optimus . do not launch it again at this state , or you might have to start over from step 5 : ) on your phone , open up google play store and search for " supersu " . update the app when prompted , then open it . press ok to update the su binary . you now have root and can safely restore the " unknown sources " and " usb debugging " settings back to how you had them ! congratulations ! next steps are to install titanium backup , lbe privacy guard , and all the other things you might need and which require root ! hint for linux users to get adb recognize your android device these steps should work with all android phones . the example data of course should exactly fit the lg optimus p880 this question deals with . open a terminal window , and make yourself root ( sudo su - ) enter the following command : lsusb . note the output in your mind . connect your device with usb debugging enabled using an usb cable . again issue the lsusb command . now it should output an additional line which has to be the just connected android device . for the lg optimus p880 , this should read like : Bus 002 Device 103: ID 1004:61a6 LG Electronics, Inc. 1004 is the vendor id for lg , 61a6 the device id of the p880 in usb debugging mode . use your favorite editor ( still in root mode ! ) and open /etc/udev/rules.d/51-android.rules ( if no such file exists , simply create it ) . add the below lines ( first line is optional ) , and then save the file . restart the udev daemon : service udev restart now you just need to disconnect your device . when reconnecting it for the next time , adb will see it -- as you can confirm with the adb devices command . so here are the lines for your /etc/udev/rules.d/51-android.rules file : #LG Optimus X4 P880 SUBSYSTEMS=="usb", ATTRS{idVendor}=="1004", ATTRS{idProduct}=="61a6", MODE="0666" GROUP="androiddev", SYMLINK+="android%n" 
as far as i know : not at all . each user account is strictly separated from another and there is no shared folder or app sharing concept at the moment . i have not checked your specific question in detail , however each user has their strictly separated userdata partition where everything is stored ( even their media , on nexus devices ) and cannot access any other 's data residing in their userdata section , which includes user installed apps ( they are in /data/app/ ) .
your tablet will come advertised with the version of android it carries in the box . when they make it they do not know what versions will be released , obviously . the packaging and advertising will say ross tablet comes with kitkat 4.4 . that does not mean i will not update my hardware with a newer version of android , but it means there is no guarantee i ever will . there is nothing that says explicitely it can not be updated , unless the hardware is insufficient to run a particular build . jellybean was heavy on resources but kitkat is much lighter . it would depend on this also . either they did not update their advertising and/or they did not update the device . there is no hard fast rule . updates to android itself are creted by google , then released to the oem . the actual updates to the device are dealth with by the oem ( manufacturer ) and released by them if they decide they want to . this is after they skin it ( touchwiz , sense , motoblur etc ) , test it and make whatever changes they decide . this is why i have a htc on 4.1 and another on 4.4 here . each manufacturer has it is own unique hardware , as does each device model . there is no concept of a ' generic ' android rom across devices . the hardware and software for it ( e . g . the oem 's camera ) is closed source and rom developers have to use their own kernels and work arounds to get these installed on the various devices . you would need to check on a device by device basis . google should tell you the answer , but xda developers is also a great resource .
it adds a delay to the buttons you dial when it is dialing . it is for interactive request on the phone ( e . g . press 1 to speak to rossc ) here 's an example that might explain it : say you do the following to top up your phone credit : dial 1741 select option 1 for top up select option 2 for enter code enter 20 digit code ( xxxxxxxxxx-xxxxxxxxxx ) you could simply dial : 1741 &lt;ADD 2 SECOND PAUSE&gt; 1 &lt;ADD 2 SECOND PAUSE&gt; 2 &lt;ADD 2 SECOND PAUSE&gt; XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX and it will all process . it literally adds a pause of 2 seconds to the buttons it dials ! my ancient nokia phone used to have a ' p ' for this above the # key . so you would have had 1741 p 1 p 2 etc on it . very convenient for something you regularly call .
core media formats table from official android developer site states that flac decoder is integrated and available by default in android 3.1 and newer versions . so if you want flac decoder for your stock media player , you either need to get your device upgraded to ics ( 4.0 ) or you can switch to another media player ( such as andless or winamp ) that has its own playback libraries to support multiple codec formats including flac .
the best you can really do currently is to buy them from the market ( web or app ) and then just cancel the download/installation when it starts on your device . this only works with apps your device supports , though . purchasing unsupported apps was the topic of this related question .
it appears it is not possible , even on gmail.com, according to this answer . gmail does understand the " eom " tag at the end of the subject and will not prompt you about having an empty message body if that exists anywhere in the subject ( even if it is the only thing in the subject ) .
the attender from htc asked me to remove my exchange account and add it again , and the problem is solved .
perhaps it is a water damage sticker -- it might go more red if water gets on it , or something .
i doubt there is an answer to this beyond " because that is how google designed its apps " . android itself does not require a google account to use , only google 's proprietary applications do . cyanogenmod and other pure source builds of android are actually forbidden from distributing the google apps within the firmware package itself because of their proprietary nature , and if you install such a rom without the associated google apps add-on you will not even have the ability to add a google account in your settings . if you do not want to be tied to google then do not use the apps they produce , but also do not be surprised that they want you to sign in when using services that they provide . it is really not that different from any other app or website that requires sign in to use the services it provides , in my opinion , but if you do not like it use different apps . re : the question about why maps specifically requires a sign-in on android but not ios : the comments about the ios one being developed by apple could certainly be correct , and i do agree with those statements . in addition , apple may not want you to sign in google 's servers with their maps app . it would create a tie ( however loose it may be ) between you and google 's services , which i am sure apple is trying to discourage as much as possible to prevent customers from jumping ship to android . another angle you have to keep in mind is that google is pushing pretty hard to tie together all of its online services as much as it possibly can . based on their priorities and their business model , it makes sense that the android version would try to integrate as tightly as possible with their other services and with the web . it is in their best interest ( from a business perspective ) to try to make android apps and their web counterparts as seamless as possible in order to attract users to android who are already heavily invested in google 's products . of course , this is just conjecture on my part , i think only google could truly say why maps works the way it does .
yes , you can move any apps that do not normally allow it , including system apps , if you have root . note that most apps that does not allow moving usually do not allow it for a good reason , so if you force move you may get crashes and other stability issues . you need an app2sd application that uses root , like this : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.droidsail.dsapp2sd
you can not directly mount the internal storage . you need to be rooted to view it on your phone , or you can use adb pull from the android sdk tools to copy it off the device .
there are actually three types of dual sim phones . dual sim standby ( dss ) : only one sim can be used at a time , 1 radio chip . dual sim dual standby ( dsds ) : two sims can be used at a time , but if one opens a call or data connection , the other is offline . dual sim active ( or sometimes dual sim dual active ) ( dsa/dsda ) : two sims can be used at a time , 2 radio chips . this enables both sims to open calls and/or data connection . since your phone is mentioned as " no dual standby " , it means it is a dss-phone , which allows only one open connection at a time .
the third table in this page mentions " vibrate": https://motorola-global-portal.custhelp.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/48504/~/droid-x---phone-status-%26-notifications even though the first table clearly depicts a different icon for the vibration mode , although with the same zigzag pattern . the pattern is also the same as the icon i have for vibration mode on my sgs : cheers !
it is limited to specific locations , and only available with a data connection . see this question on the location limitations and this question on alternatives .
i have tried but they did not seem to make the icon disappear . after wandering through settings and application as suggested by matthew this is what i finally did and it seems to work : settings --> application --> manage app --> running --> myuploads --> force stop and eventually the icon of ongoing process was gone ! thank you for the important clue ! ! !
astrid has support for scheduled reminders based on completion date . cloud support is also present - tasks sync with astrid . com also remember the milk allows a user to schedule due dates depending on the completion of a task - one needs to enter " after x days " instead of " every x days " . android and ios apps available .
widgetlocker is a great lock-screen replacement that will allow you to put any widget installed on your phone on the lock-screen . you can also configure it to allow your notification bar to be usable . the actual calendar popup i am not sure about , but i know you had be able to see it when it shows up in your notification bar , and from there you can open it up and snooze/dismiss it .
you can make an automatic nandroid backup using rom manager ( free / paid ) . open the app - go to settings and select automatic backup . you can select the time and frequency of the backups in the following screens .
it is not possible . the settings code is specifically written to prevent this . the closest you can come is to bring up the device administration settings page in the settings app . you can do this with : adb shell am start -S "'com.android.settings/.Settings\$DeviceAdminSettingsActivity'" 
this is due to a limitation of gmail more than anything . gmail only supports contact icons with a resolution of 64×64 , while ics supports up to 256×256 . when you give a contact an icon , android uploads that new contact icon to gmail . . . which then promptly downscales it . . . . and then android thinks you changed it to the low-res icon and uses that instead of the nice and pretty one you picked out .
yes , background data is always enabled since ice cream sandwich . see the note in the documentation for android.net.ConnectivityManager.getBackgroundDataSetting(): as of ICE_CREAM_SANDWICH , availability of background data depends on several combined factors , and this method will always return true . instead , when background data is unavailable , getActiveNetworkInfo() will now appear disconnected . vending ( the internal name for the android market , in fact com.android.vending ) uses C2DM to receive install requests ( take a look at its application manifest ; even on ics , it still has c2dm receivers ) . afaik , c2dm only works when background data is available . some time ago , i read a blog post somewhere ( which unfortunately i am not finding right now ) explaining how the android market ( the post was from before it was renamed ) worked . iirc , even when you asked to install an application directly on your device ( instead of indirectly via the https://market.android.com/ web site ) , all it did was to send a request to the google servers , which then sent your device ( via c2dm ) an install request . this explains why vending needs background data&mdash ; it cannot do anything without being able to receive requests via c2dm from the google servers . i do not know about google talk , but from what i have heard , it has used c2dm since before c2dm was available to the public . again , this would explain why it needs background data to work . afaik , background sync is completely separate from background data , other than the fact that obviously it cannot sync in the background if background data is disabled , and the fact that you could change it from within the sync screen in the settings application .
newly installed third-party keyboards need to be enabled in your settings before they become selectable . make sure you have it checked under Settings-&gt;Language &amp; Keyboard after installing .
according to this wikipedia entry , this is enhanced version of hspa+ . now , reading from the telephony source in jellybean , depending if its gsm , between the two lines numbered 72 and 107 , there is nothing in there that indicates , the automatic detection of the usage of dc-hspa and is probably being treated as hspa+ for now in the interim , so its very highly likely that it will show up as a ' h ' or '3g ' . and then again , that is dependent on the compile-time specifications used when the rom was built , to elect to show '3g ' , ' h+' or even ' h ' on the status bar .
android default browser uses webkit check out second paragraph : wikipedia webkit description
to the date , there is no functionality to disable this feature . actually this was implemented to make it easier for the user to recognize and remeber the number easily . i did some search and found out that other people have the same problem as well . what i suggest is to move on to a custom dialer app which suit you the best , if this grouping feature really annoys you .
actually i found such an app , after a fair bit of searching . photo geolocator ( google code ) currently you can not look up locations via an address , so it only really works for nearby locations , but that is still better than having to edit images on a pc , imo .
if you want sane information , i recommend sane commands : ) ( no offense meant , just kidding ) . so the question should read : how to obtain log information from an android device ? and now we are on the better side . there are multiple approaches which can be used : utilize apps to display ( color-coded ) log information utilize adb ( part of the android sdk ) to remotely extract the very same information use ssh from remote ( or a local terminal app ) to aquire the information directly from the device to fully handle this topic it takes more than this simple answer ( if interested , you can e.g. find more detailed information on many web sites , or in andrew hoog 's book android forensics : investigation , analysis and mobile security for google android , which i had the honour to translate into german . there are probably many other sources as well . so i will just give a few examples here to get you started : utilizing apps the probably best known app in this context is alogcat , available for free in the playstore ( and the dev will happily accept your donation for the other variant of the same app ) . you will find a screenshot below 1 . the app allows you to filter the logs , to start/stop recording log messages , and even to store the recorded snippets to your sd-card -- of course in plain text , as you requested . another app in this section is log collector , which simply tries to grab the entire available log and send it via the share menu 2 . the android debug bridge ( adb ) the android software development kit ( sdk ) includes the adb command for various tasks . amongst many others , it offers the adb shell to execute commands on the device . using this , you can gather your desired log information as well : just prefix below commands with adb shell . command prompt on the device using a terminal app ( e . g . android terminal emulator or terminal ide ) you can access the logs directly at the command prompt , locally on your device . a little more comfortable , this can be done running a ssh server ( e . g . droidsshd or dropbear ssh server ) on your device , and access it from your computer . this way you can work on a big screen , while investigating your logs . commands to access your log information there are a lot of powerful commands you can use to access your log information from the command line , and i will only give a few examples here . dmesg the dmesg command extracts the kernel log : logcat with logcat , you can access many logging information -- but most times , this will require root . it has some parameters to filter the information , e.g. by selecting the log buffer to read with -b . please read the information provided on the developers page on logcat for details . to give you two examples : logcat -b events would list up events , or logcat -b radio information on your device 's radio modul . dumpsys and dumpstate the two commands dumpsys and dumpstate give you detailed system information : bugreport and if you are too lazy to remember them all , simply use the bugreport command -- which calls all above and bundles it for a nice , humm , bug report to the developer . . . of course , you can redirect the output from all those commands to a file to copy to your computer , and in most cases you should do so -- as your screen buffer would be far too small to handle it all : bugreport &gt; /mnt/sdcard/bugreport.txt would be one example for that part .
nexus s is only using 1gb of its 16gb memory for internal storage which only left 971mb for applications . this is very limited . i read this from test av google nexus s - a deep review in swedish .
yes , you will have to manually switch to home profile when you come back home . its what you can find in classic mobile phones . if you want to automate it , there're plenty of apps for that : tasker + profile4tasker ( paid ) , automateit ( free ) , llama ( free ) , locale + profile4tasker ( paid )
yes you can do this . for this , i am assuming you are using the stock google keyboard . open settings and tap on language and input . tap on the settings icon next to google keyboard . tap input languages at the top . deselect " use system language " and then select any keyboard languages you wish to use . now in the keyboard , the space bar will display the current selected language . to change to one of the other active languages , press and hold the space bar and select the language you wish to use .
it sounds like you might be getting the " ding " noise discussed on this google groups post : thanks for the question . the alert chime you here indicates is a prompt for an upcoming driving maneuver . it plays in places where the text-to-speech engine is either unsupported or unavailable , but it also may play if the data connection becomes flaky during guidance and navigation is not able to process a road name in time .
i do not know about the default browser being able to -- but searching the playstore for incognito browser yielded a bunch of promising results : inbrowser promises to be a fully featured incognito/private browsing experience for android 1.6 and upwards including honeycomb and ice cream sandwich . looks like it knows nothing else than " incognito browsing " ( i.e. . no other mode ) . rated 4.3 stars with 2000+ votes , it sounds very promising . incognito private browser seems to be comparable . again a 4.3 star rating , but not yet 100 votes ( too new , i guess ) frost lite - private browser is a third example i want to mention here : rated 4.4 stars at about 1,500 votes it seems to be more feature-rich than aforementioned browsers ( e . g . offers tabbed browsing ) . for more details , just follow the links . for more examples , use the first link to my playstore search results . i would like very much to offer you a solution for the pre-installed browser as well -- but unfortunately , i a ) do not know any , and b ) i think it unlikely . of course i love to learn better -- so anybody , please correct me if i am wrong with my assumption : )
windows rt is based on entirely different system altogether - right from the bootloader up to user interface . also , windows rt is proprietary so there is a fat chance that the code would be available to make it work . what about : booting mechanism kernel drivers for the chip-set support there is far too many to mention , and quite possibly would require a re-write for it to adapt to the asus tf02 ! : ) this is equivalent to asking if apple ios can be loaded on a android handset and vice versa , in plain simple word , the answer is no - nigh on impossible and there would be so much hackery to get it to work , let alone boot .
the asus eee pad transformer uses a usb 3.0 cable . i have seen noises elsewhere on the ' net that it will only charge on a usb 3.0 socket . this is likely associated with the extra power only available on usb 3.0 .
short answer i would not recommend deleting the folder itself , but it should be pretty safe to delete its content ( i.e. . the files inside ) . i am just afraid you will not be able to do so – unless you have root access on your device . explanation core dumps ( on some android devices also called " tombstones " , which somehow explains their purpose ) are generated when an app crashes ( or force-closes ) . they usually contain a complete dump of the memory that app was using , plus some additional information – and are intended for debugging purposes ( to provide the developer with information about the state the app was in when it crashed – hence " tombstones " , describing the " dead of a process" ) . the system itself does not need them at all , so deleting them should be pretty safe . however , depending on implementation , the system might rely on the fact the folder is there – so removing the folder along might have " negative side-effects " ( should not , but who knows ) . as an empty folder is not using up any space , it should not hurt to keep it . on the other hand : as its only purpose is collecting those " crash reports " , and as they probably will not go anywhere either : who cares whether " writing those crash-logs crashes " ? ; )
it is totally possible , and there are a lot of remote touchmouse apps available on the android market . just search remote mouse , touch mouse , etc . that being said , i think that will be even nicer is to have an app that uses the orientation of the device as the cursor position , i.e. it works like a real laser pointer . ( that i have not seen yet and i am coding one . )
sidestepping the debate over the legitimacy of installing that app on your phone , the question of verification is one that i have been meaning to understand for a while , and you have prompted me to try to figure out a possible way of verifying who signed an apk . android apps are signed in the normal manner of . jar files ( . apk is really just a special . jar which is just a special . zip ) however it may not be trivial to trace the authenticity of the certificates unless you have something known good to compare to . that is basically what the phone itself does - verifies that something that claims to be from the same party as something already on the phone actually is - the phone does not refuse to install things with unknown signers , it can only ( object to/clear application data of ) apparent forgeries when something new does not match something old that it claims to . you will need to have jarsigner and keytool . i believe these come from the jdk which is a prerequisite to the android sdk rather than the sdk itself . first you want try to verify the public key contained within the . apk . usually this is in meta-inf/certs . rsa but it can be in another file - unzip -l will tell you . you want to see what you can find out about it : unzip -p suspect.apk META-INF/CERT.RSA | keytool -printcert  that is going to dump out a lot of information about who the signer claims to be . some certificates are apparently themselves signed by known parties , but without figuring out how to trace that , i suspect you could do something like this : unzip -p suspect.apk META-INF/CERT.RSA | keytool -printcert | grep MD5 unzip -p knowngood.apk META-INF/CERT.RSA | keytool -printcert | grep MD5  if you have a known trusted apk from the same author who used the same certificate . i am assuming that the certificates having the same md5 sum is enough . assuming you have decided to trust the certificate , then you can see if it has been used to sign each of the files within the . apk jarsigner -verbose -verify suspect.apk  ( if there is more than one . rsa file in the archive , you should add the -certs flag to tell you which certificate ( s ) have been used to sign each file , so you can be sure its the certificate you verified )
after posting the question here , i contacted all the different developers of google reader apps on the android market that i could find . so far only one developer has answered whose app does exactly what i am looking for , but 1 is good enough ! https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.droidlab7.reader.pro i have tried it out on a gawker media rss feed ( deadspin ) and cbc sports news , works perfectly and fetches the full article , no more annoying browser pop up ! in the top right corner there is a button that executes the " mobilizing " functionality , which is the scrape that i was looking for . if/when i hear back from other developers i will post it up more links .
try following these instructions : 1 ) open the command prompt and navigate to your sdk/platform-tools/ folder . 2 ) type adb tcpip 5555 with your device plugged in 3 ) type adb connect &lt;your device ip address&gt;:5555 4 ) at this point you unplug your device and type adb logcat 5 ) at times , such as unplugging/plugging into a usb device , the logcat will become disconnected , just redo steps 3 and 4 . from my answer here .
in a case of letmegooglethatforyou , i found the answer . turns out , it is a single byte on the phone that determines whether the phone is gsm locked or not . someone found this , and made a nice tutorial on how to flip this byte . the instructions look scarier than they really are . the detail is not because it is complicated , but because they show every single step . the hard part for me was prepping my windows box to be able to do this ; you need motorola drivers and the .netruntime for the motorola diagnostic/programming application .
you could take a look at systempanel 1 or system tuner 2 . both let you monitor your ressource consumption ( not only battery ) , and ( at least in their respective pro versions ) also offer to do so in background , collecting data for later evaluation . system tuner 2 also offers a bunch of nice widgets 3 for your homescreen , if you need to watch things for a while . edit : after seeing mihic 's comment above , i noticed i missed another important point : while up to froyo , " dialing " the magic number *#*#4636#*#* brought up a nice system menu ( it still does that part ) including many battery stats , the latter ( battery stats ) have been removed since gingerbread . if your device is rooted , betterbatterystats can bring those back -- and do a great deal to help you identifying battery hogs : these two screenshots show you the most important information betterbatterystats provides : which apps used the most battery power while the device tried to sleep 3 -- and those who kept the device awake 4 , preventing deepsleep and such " powersave mode " . just helped me getting 20% more battery out of my device ; )
there are many variables that affect the performance of each method you have mentioned . additionally there is also the necessary configuration and requirements that each device must have in order to have solutions like this working . as requested , lets summarize and compare possible performances between usb ; wi-fi and bluetooth : usb : usb performance can be extremely low or very high , depending on the available usb version , which in turn , combined with the sdcard reading/writing speed on each device allows us to accurately measure and ascertain the transfer speed . there is also the physical limitation of the usb cable length that for some scenarios becomes a limitation . usb 1.0 : 1.5 mbit/s ( low-bandwidth ) and 12 mbit/s ( full-bandwidth ) usb 2.0 : 480 mbit/s ( effective throughput up to 35 mb/s ) usb 3.0 : 5 gbit/s ( 625 mb/s ) which is more than 10 times as fast as usb 2 wi-fi wi-fi loses limitations like cable length , but then again we need to account for the 802.11 protocol being used , the signal strength and range to accurately measure results : more about wi-fi protocols from wikipedia . wi-fi direct wi-fi direct , initially called wi-fi p2p , is a wi-fi standard that enables devices to connect easily with each other without requiring a wireless access point . here the communication is performed at typical wi-fi speeds for everything from file transfer to internet connectivity . essentially , wi-fi direct falls under the same values presented at the wi-fi table ( yet again keeping in mind that signal strength and range are the key factors for a good performance ) . more about wi-fi direct from wikipedia . bluetooth while we need to ascertain several influencing factors to determine if wi-fi is faster than usb , bluetooth is with no doubt in last place when we speak about transfer speed . designed as a proprietary open wireless technology standard for exchanging data over short distances , the maximum speeds are below the two concurrent options : more about bluetooth from wikipedia . android beam being a fairly recent technology , android beam allows users to transfer data between devices with near field communication ( nfc ) capabilities . nfc is even slower than bluetooth ( both short-range communication technologies ) and is limited to about 20cm of range getting up to 424 kbit/s . on a positive note , nfc sets up more quickly than standard bluetooth and the connection between two nfc devices is automatically established : technical comparison : only relevant aspects to this answer , for full table see wikipedia . summary based on the specifications for each method and their respective version , my classification ordered by fastest-to-lowest would be : usb assuming version 2.0 , since 1.0 is way slow and outdated wi-fi / wi-fi direct bluetooth android beam
i had the same problem this morning . lookout reported this trojan , and it says it is part of google search enhanced . when i try to uninstall i get a message saying the uninstall failed . when i first searched for it there were no results on google . now there are several . so this seems to be a very new problem that people have started to see this morning . i ran a different antivirus and it found no problems . the phone has had no new apps installed for some time , so i am hoping this is a false positive from lookout .
onenote for android ? https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.microsoft.office.onenotehl=en hope i got you right - as my answer is . . . well . . . just tooooo obvious : )
yes , it is possible , but very time-consuming . open the google play store , go to menu -> settings . tap on the " auto-update apps " and select one of the two " auto-update apps " options to enable it . go back , then go to " my apps " section , locate the app you want ( e . g . anti-virus app that you mentioned ) and tap on it once . now tap the menu button and the first option should be the " auto-update . " ensure the checkmark is present for this app . for all other apps that you have installed , you will need to follow steps 3 and 4 , but this time disable the " auto-update " setting by unchecking it .
i restored my phone to the factory defaults and had not had the problem in several weeks . unfortunately , the problem is back and i am left only to assume that my phone is defective .
i was unable to resolve the issue through all types of hard/cold resets/reboots ( pwr+vol , pwr for 30 seconds , hard reset pin , etc ) , so i returned to amazon and received a working tablet today . it appears that mine was just doa .
i do not believe there is a way , which is strange . maybe because it can not be changed they do not think we need to know ? you can install an app called " screen resolution " which will display your phones resolution if you really want to see it on your phone .
i am not sure if it is the same on older systems , but on ics it appears to save directly to /data/data/com.android.settings/files/wallpaper . i set mine from the browser , pulled that file , then changed it to a . png extension and viola - it was the image i had set . it also appears that this file simply gets overwritten when you change your wallpaper , so i do not see a way to recover one once it is changed unless you have a copy of the image somewhere else . this also appears to be where it is saved on cyanogenmod 7 , so it is possible that this is the " standard " location ( certainly a good place to check , at least ) .
android apps are not single-threaded . although there is one main thread as described in the documentation you quoted , apps can start as many other threads as they need . the advantage of all gui interactions being on one thread is that the gui code can be simpler , faster , and more predictable , because gui state is not being changed concurrently from different threads . it also makes thread-safety easier for app developers by providing a message queue , similar to those found in other oses ' gui frameworks . the app author just needs to make sure all long operations are performed in background threads , sending messages back to the main thread to update the gui , and that way the gui remains responsive all the time .
got these instructions from http://gadgetian.com/27505/htc-droid-incredible-vzw-gingerbread-update-4-08-605-2-dwonload/?replytocom=18668#respond it worked for me . my update is installing as we speak . : ) " here is the fix for those of you still stuck in limbo between the gingerbread rollout and the patch , and have not gotten another ota announcement again . clear borked upload from cache 1 . boot into recovery •press and hold power , choose “restart” option •when screen turns off , press and hold volume down and power 2 . when the white hboot screen appears , use the volume button to move down to “recovery . ” 3 . press the power button to select “recovery . ” 4 . when the triangle and exclamation appears , hold the volume up and power button at the same time . 5 . using the volume button , scroll down to “wipe cache partition” and select it . 6 . select “reboot system now” you can now wait for the update to show up again or you can follow steps below to force an update check : manually change the date on your phone to one year ago . this will trigger an automatic check in with the update servers and you will get the appropriate update . menu > settings > date and time un-check automatic to prevent the date and time from automatically updating change the date to one year ago ( under set date ) uncheck background data from settings menu under accounts and sync ( don’t really know if it makes a difference , but i did it anyway ) go back to the main settings and select about phone > check for update and follow the prompts ( i had to do this about three or four times . ) it went much smoother over wi-fi caution…when clicking install and reboot , it will stay at the droid eye screen after reboot for a while ( ~5 mins ) , but eventually , it did get installed . read more : http://gadgetian.com/27505/htc-droid-incredible-vzw-gingerbread-update-4-08-605-2-dwonload/#ixzz1guzigs1h "
i would first test by adding a 1 to a number and having them call you . android should be smart enough to treat them identically but google voice might not play nicely . i am not sure of the specifics of how gvoice works , but keep in mind that your contacts are calling google and google is calling you . somehow they pass on your contact 's number , but it is spoofed , and your phone is probably relying on the " real " number ( i.e. . google 's number ) for choosing the ringtone .
stylish 1.3b1 adds support for firefox mobile .
i got it done via iptables . first , open the terminal , run su , and type ip route show . this will show which interfaces are currently being used . in my case , i had wlan0 for the wireless hotspot and rndis0 for the usb tether . second , run the following iptables commands , replacing wlan0 and rndis0 with your actual interfaces : # iptables -I FORWARD -i rndis0 -o wlan0 -j ACCEPT # iptables -I FORWARD -i wlan0 -o rndis0 -j ACCEPT this will cause the phone to forward the traffic between the two computers . to revert back to normal settings , i simply restart my phone .
as long as the material of your clothes or bag contains no metallic element that could block the gps signal then your phone should be able to receive a gps signal fine while in your bag or pocket . i use the htc desire almost daily to record gps tracks , and generally keep it in my jacket pocket and have noticed no problems with the gps positioning . those problems i do have are related to travelling through built up areas or in buildings . you should remember that gps can be less accurate in dense urban areas as the receiver may be able to see some sky , but that patch of sky may not contain enough gps satellites for a direct fix . the signal may also be affected by weather , particularly humidity . have you tried any other applications , as it could perhaps be the app that is causing the poor performance you are seeing . for recording running i can particularly recommend runkeeper , i have been using it for six months now and it works really well , plus has some really good online features . for general gps recording the my tracks app is also pretty good . i would suggest trying a couple of different apps and comparing the results . if they are all showing gaps or jumps in the gps track then it may well be something to do with the way you are using your phone ( or the area you are in ) .
i do not believe the google chat client supports this . here are some alternatives : nimbuzz meebo ebuddy messager ( via @matt )
after a lot of googling around , i found 2 possible solutions : hardware solution : kensington noise reducing aux audio cable - have not tried it myself . yet some guys at android central report it worked for them . software solution : aux noise filter app - tried it on my galaxy note . works like a charm .
yes you can do it by using this number saver app . app description is as follows : save a number while you are in a phone call , and dial it right after . access during call from notification bar , or from app icon to pull notification bar in the call screen , press home first ( android limitation ) the app has two modes for number or note : save it to the clipboard ( which later you can ' paste ' it wherever you like ) save it in the internal app memory on both you can later access the last saved number or note and create a contact , dial or sms .
do not worry vinit , one of the standard way for payment gateways ( including google checkout and paypal , paisapay etc ) to validate your account is by deducting a small amount ( typically 1 usd or an approximate equivalent 50 inr ) and returning it in next few days . please wait for few days and while doing so , please observe for any reversal of 50 inr . if you see a credit to your payment account then all fall in order .
apps store user data in different ways : some store the data on the sd car in a public folder and as long as you do not manually delete the folder after you uninstall the app , it will still be there when you reinstall . other apps store data this way but have their configuration data in the secured portion of the internal memory and that data is lost when you uninstall ( example : podcast app that stores the podcasts , and they subscription data on the sd card but the login , password and settings data internally . you will still have your podcasts and subscriptions but you will have to re-enter the other data ) . some apps store all their data in the protected memory so you will lose everything when you uninstall unless you use some kind of backup utility . angry birds stores data in the protected portion of the internal memory and all is lost when you uninstall . there are apps that specifically backup angry birds data and other apps that backup apps . there are so many there is no point in mentioning them here but just search the market for " angry birds backup " or " app backup " . titanium backup is the best in my opinion but you need to be rooted to use it , while others you do not .
there is now a setting for this , though i am not sure if it is in stock android and since which version it is available . it was definitely there in sony 's gingerbread and ics roms ( xperia neo v ) and cyanogenmod 9/10 . in cyanogenmod 9+ , it is in the " system " submenu below the " interface " caption .
i have bad news : it almost impossible to get data from your internal storage if your mobile does not turn on . first we need to know more about the problem : what do you mean under not turn on ? does it light up or no signal at all ? what if you plug it into the charger ? can you see any lights flash up ? can you get into recovery ? if none of the above happen , then i need to ask : is your important data stored on your sd card ? most apps store their user data on sd card so you can access them if you pull out your sd card and read from that . if you re-install android , you will lose your internal data so if you have lots of important things on your phone ( not your sd card ) you should not reinstall without backup colornote does not store your data internally but uploads to the cloud . see their faq
you will need to purchase an unlock code . you will probably find a number of companies via google a i have used a couple , which i am not sure i am allowed to post here so i recommend you visit modaco , the site run by paul o'brien of custom rom and rooting fame . click the android part of the site and at the bottom of the site or via a web banner to the right , you will see one of their official sponsors that does htc codes for $20 .
as of now ( unless someone can correct me ) there is no app that will monitor sprint 4g wimax data . although , it can be found by calling information *4 from a sprint phone and pressing 4 to hear details of the individual phone use . the 4g data will be listed , and can be sent in a text message to the phone ( if desired ) by pressing 2 .
there is a paid app called eprint , which i believe works locally to printers attached to a wireless network ( printers themselves do not need to be wireless ) and does not appear to use a cloud service or need a pc in most cases . they have a free eprint version that you can use to test the functionality before you pay for the full eprint version . next there is printbot , this " network printer driver " supports 1,000s of printer types connected to a local network . the free version lets you print a few pages to test , the full paid printbot pro licensed version is unlimited . try both of those out and see which one works with your printer and apps . there are also some free proprietary apps that work with specific hardware , hp eprint should work , but only to hp printers ( both older network enabled ones and newer eprint enabled networked ones ) , samsung mobileprint should work ( but only for samsung printers ) . motoprint lets you print to a lot of different printer types as long as they are connected to a wireless network ( do not have to be wireless printers ) , annoyingly you can only install it on motorola devices , so not putting down as an answer for you but someone else might find it useful .
from the android 2.2 froyo users manual , specifically on pages 329 and 330 , is mentioned the following settings about auto correction features : to access : press " home " > press " menu " > touch settings . android keyboard settings screen the android keyboard settings apply to the onscreen keyboard that is included with your phone . the correction and capitalization features affect only the english version of the keyboard . auto-capitalization check to have the onscreen keyboard automatically capitalize the first letter of the first word after a period , the first word in a text field , and each word in name fields . quick fixes check to automatically correct some common misspellings as you type . show suggestions check to show suggested words in a strip above the onscreen keyboard as you type . see “using the onscreen keyboard” on page 29 . auto-complete check to automatically enter a suggested word , highlighted in orange in the strip above the keyboard , when you enter a space or punctuation . see “using the onscreen keyboard” on page 29 . device keyboard settings screen this settings screen is available only if your phone has a physical keyboard . auto-replace check to correct misspelled words as you type . auto-cap check to capitalize the first letter of the first word in sentences . auto-punctuate check to insert a period ( . ) when you press the space key twice in a row depending on what exactly you wish to disable , you need to analyse all the above options to match your criteria .
is not really an answer , but . . . there is wifi analyzer which shows more information on the wireless networks your device can reach . it gives you more detail than the average user would require . as far as i know , there is no application available on android ( yet ? ) that can " sniff packets " . would be an interesting application to have in the pocket .
installing the previous , working version solved the problem . after that an installation of the gapps zip-package may be required .
this problem can be solved with the 492 error fixer package from this thread here on xda developers . you just put it on the sd card , reboot to clockworkmod ( which i will assume you already know how to do ) , go to install zip from sdcard , and install the fixer package . once you install it , you should be good to go .
most apps do this now to protect the user 's mobile data usage . knowing that most data plans are limited ( 200 mb a month , in the case of my roommate ) , developers prevent users from , say downloading a 45 mb game from the play store/amazon app store via mobile network , as this would not be beneficial , seeing as it would take almost 1/4 of your data and would take a significant amount of time and battery . same goes with uploading . most apps do this as an option , though some ( in the case of the amazon app store ) will block you completely from performing these actions without wi-fi . but no , this is not an issue with your carrier . i have sprint ( and unlimited data ) and i am still forced to download certain apps and upload pictures through various services only through wi-fi . note : i have found that some apps that prevent wi-fi-less downloads ( i.e. . amazon app store ) allow me to do these on my network as long as it is over 4g . if you have this option , try it and see if it works for you as well !
this is really a question about android in general , and is based on a misconception of how android handles background apps . check out this xda post for a nice explanation of why processes sitting in memory in the background really are not a bad thing . you should only worry about exiting/force-quitting/killing an app if things start misbehaving .
if the water finds its way into the circuitry and causes a short , that could be bad , but i do not think there is any good way to quantify how likely that is to happen to any phone . i have a moto droid and get it a little wet all the time and have never had a problem , although i have heard of people bricking their phone under the same circumstances . if you do actually get it wet and it dies , it may not be bricked . after it dries out it will probably work again . you can aid the process by putting the phone in some rice or just blowing dry warm air on it . it is also worth noting that many phone manufacturers install moisture detecting stickers inside the phone . on the droid it can been seen through a little hole under the battery cover that shows red plus signs on a white background . if that gets wet , it'll bleed and that way if you try to return a broken phone and say it just died the tech can see if you got the phone wet , and even if that is not why it died , it'll void your warranty .
i have a quick step-by-step guide to help you " join " your contacts - in other words , take two separate contacts and make them one ! open the people application . navigate to one of your duplicate contacts ( any one will do ) and tap it to open it up . in the top-right corner , tap the 3 dots . this is the settings menu . select " edit " . again , in the top-right corner , tap the 3 dots . select " join " . android will now ask you to select which contact to join this contact with . select one of the other duplicates of this contact and android will join the contacts into one contact ! rinse and repeat until all of the duplicate contacts have been " joined " into one single contact .
no . you can however , try to restore parts of it using titanium backup . it allows you to select apps to restore - that way you can get back the data .
no there is no feature in google play music that lets you delete songs you do not listen to . afaik there is no app that does the same too .
i have seen some other reports avlbout 90 degree compass deviations , and they were reported on android 4.4.3 . now that was an extremely short lived version . on 4.4.4 the problem vanished . so i am still convinced that this was a 4.4.3 problem .
disclaimer : " safe " does not mean nothing can go wrong , particularly if you do not follow the instructions exactly . i make no guarantees , and you take the risks of rooting upon yourself . see this post for general rooting guidelines and an index of other devices for which we have rooting guides . if you have the original android 1.6 donut firmware on your device , upgrade it to 2.1 or higher . the official update page should bring you from 1.6 ( or 2.1 ) to 2.2 . the easiest method ( still safe ) &mdash ; 2.1 eclair , 2.2 froyo the easiest method is with gingerbreak . ( the 2.3.3 update patched the vulnerability used in gingerbreak , so if you have gingerbread then see the next section . ) on the device , go to Settings -&gt; Applications and make sure unknown sources and usb debugging ( under Development ) are checked . download the gingerbreak app via your pc and put it on the device 's sd card , or use the browser on the device . install a file browser like explorer since it appears the streak does not come with one . navigate to the gingerbreak . apk , install it , and run it to root your device . you are done ! the safest method ( still easy ) &mdash ; 2.2 froyo , 2.3 gingerbread you can attempt to root via other vulnerabilities but the safest method is probably to replace the stock recovery with streakmod and flash the superuser package through it , bypassing the need for hacks . this might work for 2.1 , but i have not tested it . ( wondering why this is safe ? the streak replaces the recovery with stock on boot . if you screw it up , it will fix itself ! ) install the android sdk on windows . ( you can use linux , but then you have to locate the fastboot package put out by htc at one point since it is not bundled with the sdk for linux . ) download streakmod and extract recovery.img from the . zip file to somewhere easily accessible , say C:\recovery.img . download the superuser package and put it on the device 's sd card . connect the phone to your pc via usb and put it into fastboot mode . the easiest way is through adb on the command line ( adjust the path if needed ) : cd C:\Program Files\Android\android-sdk\platform-tools adb reboot bootloader  alternatively , turn off the phone and then turn it on while holding the camera button . when you reach a white screen , release the camera button . when it loads , tap the FastBoot text button in the top right corner of the screen . you should see FASTBOOT_MODE in the bottom left of the screen when it is ready . from the command line ( adjust the paths if needed ) : cd C:\Program Files\Android\android-sdk\tools fastboot flash recovery C:\recovery.img  the device should show Download RECOVERY Done! when complete . continuing from the command line , enter fastboot reboot and immediately hold down both volume buttons on the device until you reach recovery mode . if the device boots , go back to step 4 ! the custom recovery has been overwritten with stock by the init scripts ; you need to get into streakmod before this happens . using the volume buttons , scroll down to 2. Software upgrade via Update.pkg on SD Card and select it by clicking the camera button . this will take you to streakmod recovery . using the same buttons as in the previous step , select apply sdcard:update.zip , then choose zip from sdcard . select Superuser.zip from wherever you put it ( e . g . , download/ ) . choose Yes - Install Superuser.zip and let it install . then back out ( using the back touch button ) and hit reboot system now . you are done ! if you want to keep streakmod recovery , use your new root powers to rename /system/etc/install-recovery.sh to something else like install-recovery.bak , then repeat steps 4-6a above . note that stock recovery can be downloaded and flashed just like streakmod , so there is not much to worry about if you decide to do this .
hi martin tapankov : yes . it is safe to remove the stock android keyboard application if you have already installed an alternative ime ( input method editor ) on your phone . you may go to " settings-> local and text-> text settings-> select input method " to select only one preferred ime and then reboot your phone to ensure it automatically picks up your ime . please bear in mind you should not install or move your preferred ime application to the sd card because , after your phone is restarted , the default ime will revert to android keyboard ( if you still have the stock android keyboard application installed ) or your phone will show a lot of forcecloses ( if you have uninstalled the stock android keyboard application ) . good luck ! fyi , i have already done this before on my samsung galaxy s epic 4g ( sph-d700 ) which comes with a hardware slide-out keyboard , so my risk factor has been much smaller than yours . :- )
your ubuntu is very outofdate . 12.03 12.10 . 13.04 . 13.10 14.04 are all newer versions of ubuntu . use 14.04 or newer when possible since 13 issues with my s2 sdcard are almost nonexistent
well i finally figured this out , after racking up 800mb of upload and 3.5mb of download with my exchange email over 2 days . . . i had tried to send someone an 8mb pdf and it never sent successfully . . . so it tried again , and again , and again , and again . the email was stuck in my outbox and could not be deleted . i would get " server error " messages ( derp ! ) . the solution was to de-couple the device from exchange , completely removing that account , thereby deleting the message , and then re-registering the device . now all is as it should be . . . long story short -- keep an eye on your outbox !
yes there are ! currently i found a mame , gameboy , n64 , snes , scummvm ( emulates classic adventure titles like secret of monkey island , the dig , day of the tentacle , grim fandango and broken sword ) and a genesis emulator . all of them use the psx buttons but you need to configure all of them in the internal emulator configuration . i have them all installed but i only tested the mame , sness and scummvm emulator . i also have been told that some of these were removed from the market since they were paid apps that were copied from open source emulators . i have no idea about the legality of the use of emulators . since some of the apks are not available via market you will need to install a file manager and allow the android system to install apps that are not from the market . i really can not find the direct links to the emulators , but here it is their websites : gameboy n64oid snes a . d . scummvm genplus-droid ( genesis ) tiger emulator ( mame ) btw : the tiger emulator page says that it also emulates other platforms , i have only tried marvel vs capcom and metal slug . oh yeah , they also run great with zero lag but they will usually suck your battery dry . edit : i tested all of them and everyone works like a charm , with the exception of the n64 emulator . some games like mario kart 64 run ok and other like pillotwings64 are unplayable . double edit : i have been doing some research about psx emulators and some close friends have recommended me fpse ( free playstation emulator ) - it is supposed to be free but someone is selling it on the droid market . i have not got the chance to test it and i will only get my psx games after the weekend i believe that if someone does want to emulate psx , it seems like a good way to start .
simple answer : no . on my device ( lg p990 optimus 2x ) the path changed after upgrading from 2.3 to 4.0 . currently the path on my device is /mnt/sdcard/external_sd . so this is highly dependent on the device provider or on the version .
i can see how you had be confused by that . it does not indicate that your phone is rooted , just that the kernel was compiled by the root user ( on a dell build machine , apparently ) ! if you look at /system/build.prop ( probably requires root to look , ha ) you will see some other similar information about the build . mine says " jaeyoon . yoon@sep-05" for the same info .
the " device offline " output means that the device is detected , but it refuses any operation because the user did not allow that particular computer to connect ( secure adb ) . your device is up and running , and displaying a confirmation window on its non-functioning screen . you could try to power the device on and blindly hit the ok button after unlocking the screen , then all adb commands should work . alternatively , if you have used adb with another computer , try it with that . also , all devices offer some kind of id even in this state , displayed by " adb devices" ; this is the serial number most of the time . see if it is the right format . edit : " fastboot devices " should show the serial number too . also , it should be easy to put the n7 into fastboot mode even without a screen .
the first thing you need to do is to check your tablet version . my suspicion is that it is not running honeycomb ( android 3.0+ or the tablet version of android ) but actually a heavily modded phone version of android ( i.e. android 2.1-2.3 ) . go to settings -> about phone ( or something similar . each manufacturer changes how you access this ) if it is indeed running the version of android meant for phones , then the market might be complaining to your tablet because you might be trying to download apps meant for honeycomb . the online market automatically updates to include additional devices when you activate them ( i.e. when you initially do the android setup and sign in to your google account ) . make sure you select the drop down and check if there is another option . also make sure you activated both devices under the same account . -i know i should have made this a comment but its too long of an answer for one . :p
this is too big for a comment , so here goes : both articles cite one and the same mcafee report . mcafee is a security products vendor , hardly an impartial observer to the malware scene . mcafee does not have products which for ios devices , but they most certainly do for android devices . and paid , too . turns out they might have for both platforms . i can not be bothered to install itunes to verify . android is the fastest-growing mobile platform , and with an absolutely crazy 73%+ growth rate , and now has 48% market share , compared to just 10% in the beginning of 2010 . no big surprise here -- this is just a marketing ploy by a security vendor to sell more products . the same trick they pulled off with other av vendors that they did with pcs in the mid-2000s . as an aside , security is not all that much platform-dependent as it is people-dependent . most of the largest security breaches are caused by social engineering attacks rather than technical limitations . i have yet to see with my eyes an android malware application , it has always been beyond me how people manage to get infected . see also this related question on whether you need av on your android ( short answer -- no ) . your phone should be secure as long as you use common sense while installing and using applications . do not trust anything that is on the market play store , the same way as you would not trust a random pc program , or a facebook " app " for that matter . ios and anrdoid security concerns pop here and there in the news occasionally , but from observing both markets for some time i am fairly convinced that both platforms offer reasonable ( technical ) protection to their users , and offending applications are removed with short notice . google has even removed malware applications from devices without user discretion at least once .
over wi-fi install a small app swiftp ftp server . ( original link ' dead ' - 2012-09-22 , see 'http://ppareit.github.com/swiftp/' instead ) just , setup username and password . after tapping Start button , your device will become ftp server and the app will give you url ( handy if you do not know device ip and ftp url format ) . on pc , you can use any ftp client software to access file system of device . windows explorer works , too . you can also create a network drive in computer . for example , you can visit this in address bar of windows explorer : ftp://192.168.1.10:2121/  here , 192.168.1.10 is ip of android device and 2121 is port on which ftp server is working ( you can configure port in app , too ) . visiting it will ask you username and password . enter what you specified in app . done ! the app will not give you url if device is not connected to pc using external wi-fi router , but it works in those situation too . if you have made device wi-fi hotspot and connected pc with ad-hoc network , then you will have to find device ip by yourself ( ipconfig /all command is fine with windows ) . it really works as long as you have ip of device ( i have tested it by myself ) . just , use this ip in ftp url and visit it . the interesting thing : as ftp is universal standard , this method will work with any pc , mac . that is not true for samba file share , airdroid etc . over bluetooth there is no need of external app . if bluetooth software on pc supports obex ftp , you can do this directly . if you have issues with stock bluetooth services , install bluetooth file transfer app . it supports both obex ftp and opp . means , you can do both-side file system access : device to pc and pc to device !
with the big google plus push this past year , google have been slowly moving to retire picasa web albums entirely . first , they made it so that all of your picasa albums are available via google+ photos , then they have set picasa 3 desktop application 's sharing options to google+ as the default , then they even started redirecting https://picasaweb.google.com/home address to google+ photo albums , and android gallery sync options are indeed gone in 4.2.2 version . as of this writing , the latest gapps package includes the following change log : all apps updated to 4.2.2 versions google play store updated to 3.10.14 google play services updated to 3.0.25 gmail2 . apk ( gmail ) and googleears . apk ( sound search for google play ) removed since they are available in the google play store --may require uninstalling and reinstalling gmail and sound search after flashing . keeps previous version 's photosphere/picasa sync install on mako , manta , and tuna . the last line means that the gallery , which is no longer a stand-alone app , and instead integrated with the camera app , is an older version in order to preserve the picasa sync functionality , while keeping the newer camera features such as pohtosphere . unfortunately this is only available on very few devices such as nexus 4 ( code name " mako" ) , nexus 10 ( code name " manta" ) , and the galaxy nexus family ( code name " tuna" ) . this is due to the camera apps not being open source on either google 's android core apps , or every other manufacturer 's ui overlay . it is therefore impossible to get the picasa sync code working on other devices . if you are willing to experiment a bit , there is an older version of an add-on to the main gapps package here which may help you get picasa sync back . you should flash this gapps-jb-picasa-20121011-signed.zip file after flashing the latest gapps . zip package . however , keep in mind that this add-on was designed for android 4.1 ( not 4.2 . x ) /cyanogenmod 10 ( not 10.1 , ) and will therefore remove any newer camera features . it may also cause other unforeseen issues and instabilities , so make sure to take a nandroid backup of your current rom before flashing that file .
summing up from the comments : this very much depends on . . . the rom used the update format chosen for a specific update some roms ( e . g . cyanogenmod ) come with their own " updaters " , where special rules might apply . specifically , they might deliver " patch updates " , where only some files will be replaced . in those cases , no further action is required ( except for , maybe , a reboot ) . some other roms ship in specific formats , and might require special tools to be flashed ( e . g . odin or heimdall for samsung devices ) . again other roms are delivered using the update.zip principle , where a custom recovery is needed to install them . this update.zip may be a complete rom , or also just a patch . instructions usually are to be found where the updates are offered for download . in all above cases , some " initial steps " required for the first rom install can be skipped and must not be repeated , including . . . rooting your device ( custom roms usually come pre-rooted ) unlocking the bootloader ( unless you have re-locked it ) installing a custom recovery ( when it is already there , no re-install is required ; though there might be updates to this as well , and a newer custom rom might require a minimum version here as well . again , instructions should say so ) it is always a good idea to perform a backup before installing updates ( or tampering with system stuff in any other way ) . points to check for include : nandroid backup : a full " sector-wise " copy of all the important partitions . if things go wrong altogether , this enables you to revert to the exact state of when these backups were created logical full-backup : this is performed by tools like titanium-backup , and usually includes all your apps and data . so if something is missing after the rom update , you can substitute the necessary parts . ( note that titanium backup also can do that with nandroid-backups ) adb backup : quite similar to the previous one ( see the backup wiki for details and differences ) . note also that an ota-update is quite unlikely to happen with custom roms . some even include an app named fota-kill to " silence " the related update check . they either bring their own updater , or none altogether . in the latter case , the user has to check himself whether and when updates are available ; often a " reminder " can be setup by subscribing to the corresponding thread on xda ( or wherever the rom comes from ) , but actions have to be taken manually ( as described above ) . as i have shown until here , videos on updating your rom most likely do not exist as the process already has been described as part of the initial video ; though a few words like " for updating , skip to index ab:cd " would be a good idea ( and could be suggested in the comments ) . a special case are the google-apps ( short : gapps ) . whether you have to re-install them or not mainly depends on whether it was a " full update " ( complete rom ) , or the update just replaced some files . but it is easy to figure : when finished , just check if they are there and working . if not , you obviously have to flash them again . as a full-update replaces the entire partition content , gapps would be gone with that ; a " patch-update " would just replace/add some files , and not touch the gapps , so they had still be there . gapps are never part of a custom rom ( if they are , the " rom cook " is in trouble due to license issues ) .
a " release candidate " is not a stable release . you should report this error to the cyanogenmod developers so that it can be investigated and fixed for the final release .
i figured this out only after months of being without most of my phone 's functionality and taking it to a 3rd-party repair place that declared it " unrepairable " . it is stupidly easy : download an apk of your home launcher ( i got one from here : http://forum.xda-developers.com/archive/index.php/t-1125331.html ) e-mail it to yourself use voice commands to send yourself a test e-mail . if you do not have gmail set up , then it will give you the screens you need for configuration . e-mail the apk to yourself . when you check your gmail on your phone you should see an " install " button next to the attachment name . install it and enjoy your new old phone .
the htc sensation uses a capacitive touchscreen , so any standard capacitive stylus will work for touch-based input . simply be sure you do not purchase a stylus designed for a resistive touchscreen .
i do not think there is a setting in adw that can do that . i use adw . ex and i looked through all the settings and did not see any way to achieve what your are asking for . it is , however , open source , so someone could implement the option for this , or you could request it to anderweb and he might add it to an update .
you could try booting into fastboot mode , and then use fastboot -w . this command wipes userdata and cache , and thus should be equivalent to a factory-reset . for more information , there is a list of fastboot commands , and of course our fastboot tag-wiki .
you should try to set up an " application specific " password for your tab , and enter that password when you enter your account details . now you totally avoid the second screen asking for the code . you can create an application specific password at https://accounts.google.com/b/0/issuedauthsubtokens ( at least that is the one i use ) kind regards joern
just flash the original / stock rom for your phone . but first , make sure to clear data / factory reset , wipe cache , and clear dalvik cache .
talkandroid . com has this list of the top 5 rss readers for andoid here . greader ( 3rd party app requires your google credentials ) feedr ( costs 1.99 ) fastreader ( 3rd party app requires your google credentials ) feedsquares ( 3rd party app requires your google credentials ) newsrob ( 3rd party app requires your google credentials )
as andrás ' comment says , the nexus 4 uses slimport not mhl . i use this slimport adaptor to connect my n4 to a tv .
i found the setting , and something interesting as well : Settings &gt; Accessibility &gt; Flash notification  when i came into the settings it was already unchecked , yet my phone was exhibiting behavior as if it was . i had to check the setting and exit the menus . then i went back in to uncheck the setting and exited the menus again . this time the setting took effect - my camera light is no longer flashing . hope this helps others in the same situation .
( edit ) new solution : you can revert to your complete old behaviour . it needs some hacking though and might be illegal ( decompile and recompile google app ) solution proposal : use apktool to decompile and change the whole namespace from com . google . android . googlequicksearchbox to com . google . android . googlequicksearchbox 2 of a working old . apk ( see . zip below , mind the 2 in the end ) , then recompile and install the newly crafted package . result : old and new ( broken ) provider can be installed next to each other at the same time because they have a different namespace ( . *searchbox 2 instead of . *searchbox ) . just find out which one is the old one and use that . benefits : no root required , permanent ( cannot be taken away ) drawbacks : you get 2x the same widget offering ( 1x from the old , 1x from the new ) , so you have to find out which works and which not my test so far ( 'apktool ' is an alias to ' java -jar /usr/local/bin/apktool . jar ' on my machine , fyi ) : ( edit : old solution ) what would be nice to know : does this only affect samsunng and google 's us customers ? according to androidcentral , samsung now deploys this update as a stability fix globally . it is most probably this package , that got " updated " : com . google . android . googlequicksearchbox ( located at /system/app/googlequicksearchbox . apk ) having root is definitely required to revert the situation . i would however decide to get rid of samsungs firmware altogether and install cyanogenmod for example ( this might even be easier than getting root in the first place on the orginal firmware ) . you might want to " reinstall " the unaffected version from the last firmware or one of a euro firmware ( if they are not stripped ) . for example , this archive from the popular goo . im hosting site will most probably have a working ( older ) . apk that has the functionality you miss . it is a generic installation package for the popular cyanogenmod aftermarket firmware that holds all relevant proprietary packages from google ( they had to be stripped off cyanogenmod by google 's request some time ago ) . you can open it with any unzip program and extract the /system/app/googlequicksearchbox . apk package . that is how i would do it ( using the adb tool from the google sdk : i used application explorer to generate this listing and see where the . apk is located : App Name: Google-Search Package Name: com.google.android.googlequicksearchbox [...] Source Directory: /system/app/GoogleQuickSearchBox.apk  you can get the version of ' google-search ' by going to settings-> apps-> all-> google search , which lists the current version . mine ( the same as in the above mentioned . zip is : 1.4.1.299849 )
the free space difference can be accounted by three relevant factors that may end up giving you some misleading information about the real space available on your internal storage : the free space reported the free space reported at the end of the " manage applications " screen is rounded to mb , and it gives you a general free space estimation based on the moment you opened said screen , and it gets updated from time to time ( by my tests about every minute ) . i have mentioned " rounded " because if you access the " storage settings " panel , you will get a clear picture regarding the free space available , down to kb . the app allocation as already mentioned by t0mm13b , an application may be entirely moved to the sdcard or leave a portion behind , this issue is more related with the development of the application itself and there is no standard rules to follow . i have performed an exercise with " angry birds " , and while the download mentioned 20mb , after installed it consumed 24mb . after moving it to the sdcard using the option for this end under " manage applications " screen , 1.85mb were left behind on the internal storage , plus 4kb of data . temporary system files from other applications or running services while i was writing this answer , the free space reported varied between 2mb , this tells us that the os is constantly creating and freeing up space depending on the stuff running . there may exist other factors that concern the ext4 file system specifications used by gingerbread , but i do not believe they better account for the 2mb difference . by the three points mentioned above , while performing an exercise with the application you have mentioned using a device with a stock gingerbread rom , i have managed to account for 2mb of difference , just like the space you have mentioned . determine internal and external space occupied following up on the comments , regarding a way to accurately know how much an app occupies on the device , and being able to view it by external or internal storage , the most accurate application i am currently using is sandisk memory zone by sandisk corp . available for free from google play store . open the application select the desired storage check the details about it
i am sorry but your device cannot play high-res videos . your device should be able to handle videos up to 640*360 , this is the resolution of hq youtube . note that there is absolutely no point in watching hd videos on your phone . it has a screen resolution of 240 x 320 . anything above this will be scaled down to fit the screen .
the transfer was probably corrupted . the problem is probably with the host os , and not with your phone . what os and what program were you using to copy the files ? did you remember to " eject " the phone from the computer to make sure everything was synchronized ? are the files on the phone the right size ? if you plug the phone back into the computer can you look at them successfully there ? ( or try copying them off and looking at the copies . )
install the app from play store and use astro file manager to backup apps . from backup directory , you can get apk files of the installed app .
the equivalent of an ipod in the android world would be one of these two : a handset with no telephony at all , this will be wifi only an example of this is the samsung galaxy player . a prepaid handset phone , this will still connect to wifi , but later on if you wanted , you could connect it to a phone network an example of this is the lg optimus v on virgin mobile . as long as the manufacturer supports it ( check the product page , but i think most do nowadays ) , you will be able to download apps from the google play store . you will also be able to download from alternate stores depending on the device . finally , i think all android devices can download from the amazon appstore .
android 3 ( honeycomb ) offers full system encryption natively . however , as it is only for tablets at this point i will post some other avenues . there was some work done on this for the g1 using luks and cryptsetup . i think i have seen this on a moto droid rom too , but you will definitely need root . it is not trivial to do , and there is not too much interest so popular roms like cyanogenmod do not provide for this natively . there are some apps in the market that support encrypted file stores ( check out lock files ) . i have no idea how transparent that is on the system however . to your italicized point on remote wipe . there are many solutions for this . if you are using exchange you can push this with activesync , if not apps like lookout , and more provide remote wipe and other functions . there are even manual ways w/ dyndns and a listening ssh server . hope i was some help .
i think gtalk uses port 5228 , and the notifications and market downloads both use the gtalk protocol internally .
if you do not mind to end up with cyanogenmod9 ( ice-cream-sandwich ) : here 's the full update guide from cyanogenmod 's wiki : http://oldwiki.cyanogenmod.org/wiki/nexus_s:_full_update_guide here are builds ( go for release candidates or stable builds for cm9 ) : http://get.cm/?device=crespo recovery images are here : http://www.clockworkmod.com/rommanager/ flash via ' fastboot flash recovery [ recovery . img ]
hd player and real player sound promising to play mkv videos smoothly . but , if video quality is overloading your hardware capabilities , no software can help playing that hd video smoothly . however , you can do one thing : install hot reboot from play store and run it once before video playback . it would reduce load on system . if you are unable to play that video on your device , i would recommend you to use handbrake to rip that video for your device .
for the smtp server details , try entering a server like mail.messagingengine.com and not entering any authentication details . the client will connect but because no auth details are provided , even if you attempt to send emails , the server just will not accept the connection and the emails will remain in the outbox .
you can try android vnc server on your tablet , it should do the work . . .
system memory , internal memory is a mis-leading thing , its actually referring to storage space which is a very different thing to the meaning ram often referred as memory ! the reference to storage - system as in /system would be more accurate . when you download an app from the play store , it must be installed into the /data . from there you can actually move the app to the sd-card . on stock vanilla android , the option is there ' move to sd card ' . now by the sound of it , its as if it is indeed moving the app to the sdcard , but its not really a sdcard , its how an internal storage space ( think of usb flash drives ) , is treated as an /sdcard but in reality , you have internal and external storage , the latter being the actual micro sd card slotted in place . its a bit confusing how it works , from a developer 's perspective , when a check is carried out for an sd card , android seemingly " tells " the developer that the internal storage is treated as an /sdcard . also , to compound confusion even more , there is also a symbolic link to the real sdcard , /external/sdcard as well - this bit is dependent on what device/manufacturer is in question . yes , this is the expected behaviour , whichever storage ( from a view point of android and the hardware device 's file-system priority , is treated as " sdcard" ) . in short , nothing you can do , apart from using app 2 sd , but then again , that could fall into the same trap as i mentioned previously about the developer 's perspective . edit after the op has edited their question to include the device , after looking at gsmarena MEMORY Card slot microSD, up to 32GB Internal 1 GB storage, 384 MB RAM  yup , it looks definitely like as if the internal storage is treated in this fashion as an " sdcard " . . . the naming is misleading . what is really meant , is : internal ( phone ) storage 157mb , internal sd-card ( emmc ) 1024mb
from @eldarerathis -- do you have busybox installed ? have you tried mount -o bind /path/to/dir1 /path/to/dir2 ( i think the busybox version supports that on android ) ?
i use a combination of keepassdroid , wavelauncher and clipstore , which allows me to access my password manager from any app without having to close it , and copy my password to the clipstore before returning to the app i was in . sounds more complicated than it is ! alternatively , many like lastpass for automatic password storage and entry . but if you really want something gesture based , maybe biowallet along with it is separate biowallet browser might be of insterest . you can assign a signature , which is infinitely more secure than point to point gestures .
so i could not wait and went out and bought one . turns out gifs work relatively well . all of them animate . however , too heavy a page can really bog down performance . tumblr , for instance , only works well if i turn off unlimited scrolling . with only one or two gifs on the page , they animate well . with a large page , gifs will animate , but slowly while skipping some frames . all in all , it is a usable experience .
maybe you are looking for something like nfcsecure . you can combine normal lock screen ( i.e. . swiping ) with an underlaying nfcsecure lock screen for better security ( only lets you in when scanned the needed nfc tag ) . your smartphone needs nfc capabilities and you need an nfc tag to carry around with you to unlock your phone . can not test this as my phone does not have nfc capabilities .
if you are coming from an iphone and looking for a better messaging app , check out go sms pro and use an iphone theme . this app allows you to customize several things while still looking very similar to the iphone 's messaging interface . i always install go sms over the default messaging app and you might just want to give it a try , especially since you are coming from ios . there are other plugins that are all free that allow you to view ios emojis and other cools things like that . let me know if you still have the same issues with this app as well . btw , congrats on smartly making the switch ; )
yes . see : can i install apps on phone without using the android market ? you can not install directly to the sd card . in many cases you can move much of the app and its data to the sd card , but the os and the app have to support it . even then , you need to install normally and then move it , and you can not move 100% . not without a custom rom , and maybe not even then .
this permission is of moderate-high importance . this allows the application to read what accounts you have and the usernames associated with them . it allows the app to interact with permission related to that account . an example would be an app that was restoring your contact , would discover your google account then send you to google 's login screen . it does not actually get to see your password , but it gets to work with the account . this is also legitimately used by applications to add contacts to your accounts , such as dialer replacements and contact managers/backup/sync/etc . source
if you go to storage in settings , you can see a basic breakdown , i am guessing apps wont be the biggest , however look to see if pictures and videos ; audio ; downloads ; cache or misc . is taking up a lot of space and click on the relevant entry to have further actions ( clearing cache , deleting downloads , etc . . ) . if this option is not available in settings ( it is in aosp , but may not be in touchwiz ) , try searching the play store for a comparable app ( see @user284oo6 ) .
in general , custom roms are free . to date , i am not aware of any custom rom that is paid ( at least for the custom roms i have used for my samsung galaxy s2 , s4 and nexus 7 ) . however , you can donate to the developers if you wish . rooting and installing the custom rom yourself is free , assuming you accept all the risks , which includes bricking ( or destroying ) your phone . if you are not confident enough to perform the rooting and installation of a custom rom , you can ask an experienced person to do it for you . of course , they may or may not request for payment .
this seems like an issue that has been reported to the android development team . i am not sure if it is specific to the droid x , but even the work item relates to the droid x . if that is the case , i do not know if that is technically an android issue , but a motoblur issue , as the droid x runs the motoblur version of android . also , yes , that is what " never use secure password " means .
there is a lot of mixing up because the " aagh tinfoil hats " brigade are very mixed up themselves . there is no evidence that any radio emissions from mobile phones have any health effects whatsoever . you get a larger radio dose from your local tv transmitter than the phone in your pocket . to answer your specific questions : yes , you are safe from rf if there is no 3g functionality , or if there is 3g functionality for that matter . if you turn on wi-fi , it emits radio waves ( that is how it works ! ) regardless of whether it is connected to a network or scanning for networks . as you say , emf is just the " spill-off " from any electrical appliance or even cable . the emf from tablets is almost too little to measure : it is several orders of magnitude less than from anything with an electric motor , such as a hairdryer or fan . neither rf nor emf emissions from tablets or mobile phones are hazardous to health at all . a case to reduce the rf emissions is a bit pointless . wi-fi , bluetooth , and 3g protocols all feature methods for the transmitter to change its transmission strength as necessary . blocking the transmission just makes it transmit with more power , running your battery down faster .
every mobile battery has an inbuilt thermistor , ( which is a transducer which varies its resistance with respect to its temperature ) with which the charging circuit constantly measures the battery temperature . it can even prevent charging the battery if the temperature reaches dangerous level and by controlling its temperature , the life of battery is increased . mobile battery has more than two terminals , one of which is for this thermistor . see the image in my question asked in this site .
i suspect that the events for which you get notifications have a reminder set in them . so the easiest way to get rid of the notifications is to turn off the reminders in the events themselves . typically , you would not have a reminder in the birthday event but if the event came from somewhere else ( like outlook or other phone ) then the reminder might get added to it . i had this problem on some phones . . . however , it could be very tedious to remove reminders individually if you have many events with unwanted reminders . the second part of the question : i would use tasker app for that . however , you have to pay for it . i am aware of a free automation app automateit ( sorry can not add a link because i do not have enough rep here ) and from description it looks like it can also kill sound based on a rule but i have not used it myself so will not comment . for tasker there are instructions on how to implement " sleep mode " with which the phone with " shut up " at night . if you go down this path i can assist more since i have set this up on my phone and it works quite well .
no , the stock android browser ( chrome ) does not have support for websocket . but other browsers e.g. opera has support for it in the latest release , but it is disabled . see compatibility tables for support of html5
i finally found the solution in this tutorial in french : http://forum.frandroid.com/topic/180104-tuto-flash-arnova-10dg3-rom-uberoid-jeally-bean-411-root%c3%a9e/ it seems like the firmware from arnova is somehow incomplete . i installed a rooted rom .
the reason for using sftp over usb is speed and convenience . mtp is unsatifactory , and transfering files over wifi is slow . for those of you who have my setup ( gsm galaxy nexus with cyanogenmod 9 rc2 or later ) here 's how to manage files on your device with maximum convenience and speed . install digisshd ( and digicontrol ) on phone connect phone to pc via usb cable on phone , go to settings > wireless and networks > more . . . > tethering and portable hotspot > check " enable usb tethering " done . exit settings . the first time setting up digisshd on phone , open digisshd and enable it ( so it becomes active ) . since i am running kde , i use dolphin . here 's how to manage files on my phone with dolphin . ( you could do the same with nautilus , but the syntax may be different . ) sftp://android@192.168.99.199:2222/mnt/sdcard/ this assumes the default port of 2222 . you can change password , port , etc . in digisshd settings . once it is set up , establishing the connection is super easy . and managing files via a real file manager is way superior to using mtp . see more here : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=29267792postcount=12
well . . . it seems the best features ( at least for me ) will be exclusive to the nexus 5: http://www.droid-life.com/2013/11/22/psa-what-some-device-owners-wont-see-in-their-kit-kat-update/ from that list : google experience launcher translucent nav bar and notification bar smart dialer that is really a shame !
with these things there are always exceptions and a few clever work-arounds , the below is general advice . only flash a rom for your exact device model you can not flash something not ' stock ' through the stock recovery , attempting to do so will cause signature errors . the opposite ; flashing stock rom through a custom recovery will also error . so you will not be able to restore to stock first ( more than likely anyway . ) however , since you do not immediately need the phone on stock , then you can copy any rom compatible with your device onto the sd card and flash that through recovery . at least then you will be have a booting device , and can deal with the usb drivers issue . installing in recovery would usually involve the 2 main steps below : Wipe the device Install from zip and then install any other zips you may need ( e . g . google-apps ) . you could attempt to mount the sd card in your recovery but i would guess you have tried all those options . also as izzy has pointed out you may need a new radio-firmware flashed on the device to allow " low level interface " connection , so the kernel has nothing to connect to . once again only flash something for your exact device or you will have a shiny paper weight !
i would recommend , rather , using thunderbird as an imap client with the google contacts and lightning add-ons ( http://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/thunderbird/addon/7307 and http://mozilla.org/projects/calendar ) . you should be able to manage your contacts and calendar in thunderbird and sync with google . so then your thunderbird and phone will each synchronize to and from google .
flashing a supersu update zip via recovery will override android 4.3 's built-in superuser . from then on , you can use supersu , but you will need to keep superuser enabled in settings .
most barcode readers can recognize addresses . for calendar entries , this might vary ; but give qr droid a try , which promises not only to read , but also create them : contacts , bookmarks , apps , geo-locations , events , and even sms can be encoded as well as decoded . also 2d barcodes ( on products ) should be supported .
at least one plugin exists . adobe flash . note that plugins and extensions are not the same . the default aosp browser does not support extensions .
i would start at the router and look there first . do a reboot of the router and see if it still happens . if it does , there should be logging in the admin of the router that you can turn on ( if its not already ) and maybe you can see something causing the drop . try getting wifi analyzer from the android market ( free ) to check if your router is on the same channel as other networks around you . try to put your router on the " clearest " channel .
you can use adb ( android debug bridge ) tools . -install platform-tools which are included in android sdk -toggle usb debugging options on your phone . -connect to your phone with adb . example operation for testfile . txt upload your file with ' adb push ' command . adb push testfile.txt /data/local/tmp/  get shell with ' adb shell ' command . adb shell  ( you will get a prompt like below . ) become superuser with ' su ' command . shell$ su  change permissions of testfile . txt to 644 ( -rwx--r--r- ) chmod 644 /data/local/tmp/testfile.txt 
i have discovered a solution for this problem . the only apparent way around it is to change the keyboard from the default keyboard to the swype keyboard . click here if you would like to know what swype is ; at first i was a little dubious , but it really is quite marvellous and accurate ! why this resolves the problem , i do not know , but i am just happy that it does and am certain that this will provide some respite to those of you who are also experiencing this annoying problem .
so i have finally solved it using the update command ( disable sync ; restart ; update ; restart ; enable sync ) and ot seems to work well . the update command was like : UPDATE Calendars SET sync_events=1, selected=1 WHERE _id &gt; 3  i had tried compiling the android calendar from source , but i was getting sone errors about invalid ndk or sdk version .
on my device running 2.2 froyo , that method ( from 2.1 ) was replaced by long-pressing on text to select it . two " handles " appear at each end of the selection , and you can drag them wherever you want ( e . g . to the top and the bottom ) . maybe try that . if it does not work , what android version are you using ?
simple things the obvious group of settings that needs to be changed ( simply by selecting the appropriate value ) is the interface language , time zone . keyboard one unexpected difficulty is the input method . the factory samsung os ( from another region ) does not include a samsung russian keyboard , nor does it include the standard android keyboard ( which might have a russian keyboard ) . further complication : the standard android keyboard cannot be installed separately ! as a solution , i chose to install anysoftkeyboard ( which is also available on f-droid , which guarantees it is free/open-source , can be rebuilt from sources , and has been inspected by more people for not having spying features ) . then in its settings menu , i chose to download a russian pack . mobile networks and internet for internet to work , one needs to set up an apn ( for example , for megafon , a russian mobile operator , one needs to add a new apn with " internet " as the value for the field " apn " -- the only essential field ; and select it ) . ( regressions ) ( still , as compared to samsung galaxy s sold in russia , this one has much more unstable connection to the mobile network ( loses the connection , i.e. , is offline very often ) . perhaps , this can be solved by upgrading the rom/modem firmware from the present android 2.2 i9000xxjpk ( kernel 2.6.32.9 ) froyo . xxjpk . )
what if you used tasker/locale with this plugin ? you could then turn off data using apndroid .
chrome to phone is a great app . it is one of my most used apps . install chrome to phone from app brain or the android market . next install the chrome extension . finally find the directions on google maps and click the chrome to phone button . this will open up either the web page , google maps , or google navigation ( can not remember ) on your device assuming your device is connected to the internet . however , since this is not a phone i suspect you will not have an internet connection while you are driving which could be a problem if you are trying to use google maps/navigation .
the picture you got on your phone was upgrade mode ( also called download mode ) . the phone disconnects and then tries to reconnect when it goes into this mode . my guess is that the reconnect failed ; it happened to me when i tried upgrading through a virtual machine . i suggest borrowing a friend 's computer running windows natively to do the upgrade .
this is not really an android problem , per se . my wife and i have been effectively sharing our calendars for a few years . i use android , she uses an iphone . the secret sauce is to use google calendar . we each have our own google accounts , and have shared ( read-access ) with each other . we also have created shared calendars for both of our kids , household events ( e . g . , when is the trash picked up ) , local events we might want to attend , and the schedule for their schools getting the calendar ( s ) into android is academic ( and i just use the standard calendar app ) . she simply needed to connect her calendar app . ( she is having a problem where sometimes events she creates on her device do not show up , but that is an iphone issue . )
from the code comments : // ... Verify it matches one of the given public // keys.  you can not just use any old signature , that would defeat the purpose . apks , on the other hand , are intended to be created and distributed by anyone and the signature is ostensibly to verify the source rather than limit the source .
sum-up from the comments : warranty first , at least as of today and outside the eu , it is not possible to install a custom rom or even only root your phone without voiding your warranty . even if it can be done in a way not increasing a ( possibly existing ) " flash-counter": in case your device " bricks " for some reason , not giving you a chance to restore to " stock " , your custumizations would be found in the service center . existing custom-roms as said , here you might want to take a look into the question where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ? , which lists a lot of ressources where to find different custom roms . a good choice might be cyanogenmod , which is e.g. dealt with in the xda-developers thread about cyanogenmod for ace plus . to find more details , you can simply use this google search .
deodexed roms do not have the . odex files integrated into the . apk 's , they are removed . what eldareathis meant in his answer to the other question is that the reliance of the . apk 's on the . odex files is removed ; some information is integrated back into the . apk , but not the actual . odex file itself . the deodexing section of this page has technical details : http://code.google.com/p/smali/wiki/deodexinstructions deodexed roms may be slightly slower because of this ; however i believe that as the dalvik cache is built up from using the rom , the performance gap is minimized .
on my droid there is actually a proximity sensor that disables the screen if anything is too close to it . on the droid this sensor is up next to the ear speaker so that when you put the phone up to your ear it triggers the proximity sensor . what model phone do you have ?
you first have to convert both dates to seconds using variable convert . then subtract those two values to get the number of seconds between the two dates and convert that value to the number of days by /24/60/60 ( hours/minutes/seconds ) . here is a sample task that illustrates using 08-01-2014 as %startdate and today ( %date ) which is 08-23-2014 as %today . the result is 22 days . a1: variable set [ name:%startdate to:08-01-2014 do maths:off append:off ] a2: variable convert [ name:%startdate function:date time to seconds store result in:%startdateinseconds ] a3: variable set [ name:%today to:%date do maths:off append:off ] a4: variable convert [ name:%today function:date time to seconds store result in:%todayinseconds ] a5: variable set [ name:%secondssince to:%todayinseconds - %startdateinseconds do maths:on append:off ] a6: variable set [ name:%dayssince to:%secondssince / 24 / 60 / 60 do maths:on append:off ] you could shorten this a bit by eliminating a3 and replacing %today with %date in a4 . also , you could combine a5 and a6 by using ( %todayinseconds - %startdateinseconds ) / 24 / 60 / 60 . i split it up only to show the individual steps better .
i believe this feature is called text reflow and is not an actual a feature of android but more of htc . the htc browser reflows the text as you zoom in . this can get very annoying especially because after reflowing it can move your focus area to the closesr text not what you were zooming into . my personal pick for an alternative browser is dolphin browser™ mini . it has both the functionality you are missing in the stock htc browser but also the speed you expect when loading webpages and launching the browser . dolphin browser™ mini
the current android compatibility definition document says : 7.3.3 . gps device implementations should include a gps receiver . if a device implementation does include a gps receiver , it should include some form of " assisted gps " technique to minimize gps lock-on time . so " should " does not mean " must " . [ edited because i messed things up . apps that require gps show up in the market regardless of whether the device supports it or not . ]
boxcryptor is in alpha stage now . https://market.android.com/details?id=com.boxcryptor.android
i found a user reporting 123 mb of free internal memory after the upgrade , vs 134 mb on a stock froyo , so you lose 11 mb when upgrading , although it seems that applications take up less space and app2sd is more efficient . i would like to hear more stories though .
i would try backing up the data for one of the apps , then clearing it and seeing if it works afterwards . you could try just restoring /data/data/com.rovio.angrybirds/files/highscores.lua and see if that works . i do not have cut the rope so i do not know how its files work , sorry !
thanks for advice , problem was with ms exchange . i had to delete ms exchange account and recreate after this exchange asked me about permission for account and everything works fine .
i have found the problem . both the router and the phone was working correctly . the problem is with the wifi channels . according to wikipedia 's list of wlan channels , some places only allow channels 1-11 , some others 1-13 . devices will provide support accordingly . my router supports channels 1-13 , while the phone ( i guess ) supports channels 1-11 . so when the router uses channels 12 or 13 , the phone cannot detect the network ! solution ? buy another router which only support channels 1-11 . logon to your routers config through your browser to find whether the router supports limiting the channels . refer to your routers user manual on how to do this change the channel settings on the router to be manual ( i.e. not automatic ) , and somewhere in the range 1-11 ( preferably 1 or 6 or 11 ) .
it was necessary to completely wipe all system data before flashing the rom . once i did that , the file was found as normal .
open gmail , and open its Settings . click your username@gmail.com , and make sure Notifications is checked . then , click Inbox sound &amp; vibrate and click Turn Gmail sync on . configure the Notifications at the bottom as you like . in Settings , make sure Sync Gmail is also checked . with regards to gmail sync frequency , see this question : how to set gmail sync frequency ?
you can switch your phone to airplane mode - this will shut down all radios . after this , turn on only the wifi and you will be able to use it as a wifi only device .
click the notification which will open Data usage settings and move the orange warning bar above data usage level . next warning will appear when the warning level is exceeded again .
this link contains the parts where you can intervene / add your own functionality the rough flow is power on > bootloader > kernel > init process > system server > boot complete at the bootloader stage , the following is run : a . the first boot loader stage will detect and set up external ram . b . once external ram is available and the system is ready the to run something more significant the first stage will load the main boot loader and place it in external ram . c . the second stage of the boot loader is the first major program that will run . this may contain code to set up file systems , additional memory , network support and other things . on a mobile phone it may also be responsible for loading code for the modem cpu and setting up low level memory protections and security options . d . once the boot loader is done with any special tasks it will look for a linux kernel to boot . it will load this from the boot media ( or some other source depending on system configuration ) and place it in the ram . it will also place some boot parameters in memory for the kernel to read when it starts up . e . once the boot loader is done it will perform a jump to the linux kernel , usually some decompression routine , and the kernel assumes system responsibility . here 's another link ( more on the linux side ) on the topic with references : elinux website answer this comment stood out to me : in general it is quite tricky to create a boot loader for an existing phone since they often come with tailor made boot loaders from the manufacturer . to add to the difficulty they also have security features that aim to prevent you from downloading your own bootloader . however , if you have an open platform you need an initial bootloader stage and a main bootloader able to start and/or flash software to the device . for the main bootloader you probably want to check out u-boot , http://www.denx.de/wiki/u-boot . the initial bootloader stage needed to start u-boot need to be aware of the boot-protocol in the hardware requiring some documentation or reverse engineering in order to create or download a suitable one . to sum things up reprogramming of existing phones is often more work than its worth unless you are really interested in which case there are a lot of forums dedicated to that sort of thing .
i do not get any refund on my credit card statement . nor do i get a debit to begin with for the initial purchase . the payment is probably held for the fifteen minute refund window . chances are the actual payment run from google to the financial institution is done in a batch or a few batches throughout the day . the specifics of the transaction run is down to google and their bank ( s ) . i would imagine they send the debit leg of it after the fifteen minutes from your account and credit an internal suspense account and then send out the batch during the day as i said . that is only a rough guess but i have worked in software testing similar payments in financial institutions for a long time . it may vary in different countries , i am in ireland but i would like to see how it works in other regions . if , hypothetically you did see a refund for any purchase like this you would see a debit for the purchase and a corresponding credit to your account for the refund with some reference to the app , music or whatever you have purchased .
sync should take care of contacts and most settings on your phone . download sms backup and restore on both phones , backup on nexus s and send the backup xml file to n4 ( via bluetooth or wifi hotspot ) for restoration . for transferring files between the devices , you can use the wifi hotspot functionality . works real fast . i am not sure if it is available on nexus 4 ( being a newer , better phone , i presume it is ) , but i have it on my nexus s and have used it to transfer files from a galaxy s2 . update : anysend seems like a useful app to send files between two devices . the only requirement is that both have to be connected to the same wifi network .
well , there is a menu available for handsets running android os . to get the menu , go to your stock phone app and type the following . **#*#7378423#*#* it is simply *#*#SERVICE#*#* there are many things you can do in this menu . view service information check service settings carryout service tests reset customization settings some of these items may differ from handset to handset . these are the typical menu items available . this menu comes handy when checking the total call timer ( in service tests ) , rooting status check ( in Service info -&gt; Configuration ) , etc .
the new version of gdrive fixes this problem , however the offline-compatibility is worse .
the colors of the rings will change gradually as they move around the clock . if you have seconds enabled you can see it pretty easily over the course of the minute . specifically , the color of the ring seems to progress through the spectrum of visible light in order from lowest frequency to highest . that is , it goes in the same pattern as a rainbow 's colors : red-> orange-> yellow-> green-> blue-> indigo-> violet ( roygbiv ) . then the cycle starts over again near the top of the clock . that is how it looks on my phone , anyway . i am not 100% positive if the other rings follow the same color pattern or if it is just the seconds ring , but the inner rings seem to be properly colored for their lengths ( as in , at the point where the seconds ring reaches the end of one of the inner rings , they are both the same color ) .
no , this will not work for shortcuts to apps . edit2: turns out this part of the answer was wrong . thanks bryan and drake for your answers . yes , it works for internet bookmarks . from your browser , select menu > bookmarks . long-press the given bookmark and select edit bookmark ; this will allow you to change its name . you may need to delete/re-add the shortcut to your home page for the change to take affect . edit1: alternatively , if you use a bookmark manager app ( like any of the ones mentioned here ) , you should be able to edit the bookmark directly from there .
in my htc desire i find it under : settings-> wireless and networks -> wifi settings press menu and select advanced here i can see option to use static ip by selecting " use static ip "
i solved my issue using a 2a charger instead of my phone 1a charger or the usb port that provides only 0.5a . i am sure i have been able to charge my nexus with all the power sources , but maybe i left it on charge all night long .
that is the thing about the android os . a " quit " or " exit " button is not really necessary . why ? because the operating system automatically kills applications that are no longer used . for this same reason , there is no need to install a task killer or similar . when you are done with an application , the os will clean things up for you so you do not have to worry about it .
configuring sms backup schedule in sms backup and restore : open sms backup and restore and click the menu button in the upper right corner : select preferences : from the preferences menu , select schedule settings : configure schedule settings however you want :
i have got a reply from es file explorer team , they said that the " share by lan " feature in the " share via " is not for sending files to the pc , it is for sending files to other devices which has es file explorer running on them , on the same network . i have requested a new feature that allows you to send to the pc through share via , but if they decide to build it , it may take a while still before it is out .
i ended up spotting the offending program via battery usage . there was one app that was showing a lot of battery use even though i was not doing anything with it ( newsrob ) . i killed that and everything 's been fine since .
i rebooted and it fixed the problem :-\ [ and then several weeks later it occurred to me that i should note this fact here , in case it happens to anyone else ] . indeed , i suspect that my phone was in a weird state and probably i could not access the sd card on any computer at all at that point , regardless of what i implied in the question .
ok i believe i am a step closer to solving this adding to the dictionary issue . this is how i am getting around it firstly my keyboard is set to portrait type 3x4 predictive text on with continuous input . now to add a word turn off predictive text . now type your word manually and when your done , and with the cursor flashing directly next to the end of your word , goback into settings and turn predictive text back on . now when you back out of setting you should see your word in the suggestion list above the keypad . tap your new word and you should find it added to your dictionary . this method also works for email addresses . just to be clear this is for use on android 4.1.2 my device for all concerned is samsung gs2 . let me know if this helps .
in my previous experience , i have always had problems downloading with chrome . i would try a different browser like boat browser or dolphin browser .
ext4 should be supported if you have an upgrade to 2.3 or 3.0 android ( i see that your post is from just before the 2.3 and 3.0 releases . . . ) . . . . and when btrfs is added to android , it has a nice mount-option " , ssd " with wear-levelling etc that ext4 does not have . . . and more speed than ext4 now , esp if you use " , compress=lzo " or " , space_cache " in fstab ( but do not use compression with the space_cache option , only use 1 or the other or else it slows to a crawl in some benchmarks ) -- and that speed comes despite btrfs checksumming of all data ( not only of the journals , as ext4 does ) . :- )
i also wrote an app in response to this question . it is free in the market . let me know what you think . if you want more information , please let me know and i will add what i can . it is called " android information text " .
poweramp is an open source app , which may serve as a good starting point for developing your own app . the code can be found here .
yes , it is possible . need a file manager w/root first , you need a file manager that has root access . personally i use es file explorer . within es file explorer , you will need to enable root access ( it is under the tools part on the left menu ) . all users will need to have signed in all users must have had to signin at least once to create their partitions . else , you will not see them . browse the exact location is : /storage/emulated/* # Android &lt;= 4.4.3 /mnt/shell/emulated/* # Android &gt;= 4.4.4 (actually, it may be 4.4.3 too)  where * is the userid . i am not sure how to get the user id , but on my tablets with 3 users it shows up as : /mnt/shell/emulated/0 # owner account /mnt/shell/emulated/10 # first user I created /mnt/shell/emulated/11 # second user I created  from what i gather for userids , it goes in order that i created the users . 0 = the first original owner account . then each account goes up from there ( 10 , 11 , 12 , etc ) . note : if your file manager does not have root permissions ( meaning the app itself must request root access ) , then when you enter one of the directories above , they will be blank . this is telling you that your file manager does not have root access - you need a file manager that knows how to request root access .
it is my understanding that some roms allow for overclocking , whereas others dont . it depends on how the kernel is setup . i couldnt overclock my samsung galaxy s2 for example on the stock rom with it rooted . i could however once i installed cyanogen . perhaps that is the case .
using the following diagram from developer . android . com you can see where it falls in the specs : it is 3 inches diagonally - it falls in the " small " category . it is 133ppi - which is definitely ldpi .
please keep in mind these are developer options , and may be of no use , or have a negative impact on the performance of your device . force gpu rendering the gpu is the graphics processing unit . it is very much like the cpu , but instead of crunching numbers and taking care of tasks for the operating system and hardware , the gpu renders graphical information and puts it on the screen for you . the cpu can process graphical instructions just fine , but doing so takes time away from doing other computations , and can lead to lag while graphical instructions are processed in ice cream sandwich onwards , developers ( or power users ) are given the option to force apps to use gpu rendering , whether that bit is on or off in the app 's manifest . this does not necessarily make the app faster , and may cause issues . disable non-rectangular clip ops this is too technical for me to explain in great detail . basically a " canvas " is used for drawing . the source code for android contains this : you could turn it off to create unusual ( non rectangular ) canvas areas . see here for more details on this force 4x msaa force 4x msaa does not require a rooted device . this option does the same as any anti aliasing filter in pc games - smooths out all the pixelization and provides better rendering , which means better looking graphics . users should know that this function is only recommended for devices that have gpu capable of native msaa support . as @danhulme put it : windows in android are always composited rather than rendered into shared video memory . normally , SurfaceFlinger uses the gpu for composition , but it will use a hardware overlay when that is possible , which is faster and uses less battery . disabling overlays means it will always use gpu rendering . it is only useful for debugging system integration or hw video decode : even app developers do not need to turn on this option from wikipedia in signal processing and related disciplines , aliasing is an effect that causes different signals to become indistinguishable ( or aliases of one another ) when sampled . it also refers to the distortion or artifact that results when the signal reconstructed from samples is different from the original continuous signal . disable hw overlays without a hardware overlay every application that is displaying things on the screen will share video memory and will have to constantly check for collision and clipping to render a proper image , this can cost a lot of processing power . with a hardware overlay each application gets its own portion of video memory , getting rid of the need to check for collision and clipping .
ok if you havent checked out the link uri posted , " root , " to put it simply , is administrative privileges on the phone and gives you the ability to mess with core system files and configurations . the " superuser " app is just an app that is designed to grant or block root permissions to different apps . rooting android phones is sometimes complicated but it mainly depends on the phone and manufacturer as different manufacturers lock down their phones in different ways . some developers have brought it down to you just plugging in your phone when a certain app is running and everything is done for you while other times will require you to run terminal commands , and download specific software onto your phone . unlike standard desktop linux , root has to be acquired through exploits apparent in the phones . now why gain root ? well for android phones , it allows us to a variety of things such as have the ability to underclock our processors for considerably better battery life or overclock them for performance . we can also create wifi-hotspots with ease , run network based attacks such as arp-poisoning , conduct cookie hijacking and so on . its like jailbreaking an iphone ( except its a lot more power to tinker in the palm of your hands ) . in your case , your app probably configures the network card on your phone for the file server in a way that cannot be done with the traditional android api and so needs more system access ( hence the request for root permissions ) . there is no " simple " setting to turn on root no matter what phone you have . this is because carriers make money by locking down your phone and forcing you to pay for more functionality ( i.e. tethering/wifi-hotspot ) . if they give you the ability to activate root , then some people could easily circumvent their control , thus making them lose money . the other possibility is that careless people who do not know what they are doing could seriously mess up their own phones and thus making it a support nightmare for carriers and manufacturers who now have to deal with bricked phones . what should your best approach be ? it all depends . if you really plan on tinkering with the phone or want custom software or want better battery life , then rooting is for you . if you just want to use your phone with no extra functionality or no hassle , then do not bother for root as you probably do not need it . if you do want to root , carefully follow all instructions and do your research . your best place to start is on your device forums on xda here : http://forum.xda-developers.com/forumdisplay.php?f=1404 the 1 click root also has a very good chance of working but this is not verified to work with your device afaik .
solved it myself after hours of googling . i really only needed to run error checking on the internal storage ( checkdisk ) in windows . since i could not get windows to mount the drive normally , i tried booting into clockworkmod recovery mode and then connect usb . ran the error checking ( right click on drive , properties , tools , error-checking ) , rebooted phone and voilà ! life is beautiful once again .
that is pretty normal for ( almost ) all custom roms : they are not permitted to include google apps . gapps are proprietary , and to ship them bundled with anything requires an explicit license from google . however , custom roms come rooted usually . and also usually , you ( at least in most cases ) have a custom recovery when installing them . so if you feel you need a way , you have got two choices primarily : pick the gapps package corresponding to your android version from goo . im , and flash them via your custom recovery , or head over to xda and check for the nogapps packages if you prefer an open-source replacement
there is currently no way to run windows phone 7 apps on android devices .
check out the free version of ' groove ip lite ' in the play store . the free version utilizes google voice over wifi only , but that is all you are asking for so you should be golden .
according to gsmarena , the xiaomi mi-two supports the following frequencies : 2g network : gsm 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 3g network : hsdpa 850 / 1900 / 2100 you can check what frequencies your country uses here . it should work in most if not all eu countries though . also , it supports chinese and english officially but there is unofficial support for other languages , located here .
there is a much easier way , but it may not be supported in all countries : buy them each a google play gift card , and attach it to their accounts . they come in different " sizes " , so you can limit the amount they can pay . no identification stuff connected to the cards , and once they are used up there is no more use for them ( of course , you can buy the next one ) . another positive aspect : you might decide to let your kids use them themselves . the danger is just as high as the value of the card ( though content might pose a risk ) . so it is like " pocket money " for learning " monetary responsibility " : )
i found the problem : the icon already existed on another screen . however , i was confused because both icons are identically named ( gallery ) and are nearly identical in appearance . thus , i did not realize that i had both icons already .
so you want something like this : appchooser ( source : google play ; click for larger variant ) freely configurable , including the possibility to . . . switch between list and grid hide apps you never use , but still having them available quickly with a single tap sort alphabetically or by last-used then take a look at appchooser pro , available for a single buck . there is also a free version on play if you want to test it first . i went immediately for the payed version a couple of months ago , and never regretted the decision . still you might wish to pick the free version first , as i did not test it on 4.4 ( i am still on 4.0 on my phone ) .
with the backing of dotvezz , summing up from the comments : considering the specifications , this is quite unlikely : range of the nfc signal is limited to a max of 10 cm on " clear view " ( see wikipedia ) material with a greater density will reduce this even more : air ~ 0.001 g/cm 3 versus lithium ~ 0.53 g/cm 3 makes rawly a 500-times-density difference , so a factor of 10 ( as i mentioned in my comment ) probably is a huge under-estimation even calculating with a factor of ~10 , this would reduce the range to below 1 cm . and you will rather have to more than double that factor . with few devices being thinner than . 8 mm , your wish is close to impossible of being fulfilled .
since you have already unlocked your bootloader , you should be able to flash a recovery from fastboot and then use that to root . this will get you root on your stock rom ( but not s-off ) : download clockworkmod recovery for the doubleshot from this link download the superuser/su zip file from this link reboot into fastboot mode . to do this , remove power off the phone , remove the battery , then hold volume down while you re-insert the battery and press power . when the bootloader menu appears , press power again to select " fastboot " . flash the custom recovery image : fastboot flash recovery /path/to/clockworkmod.img . reboot into recovery ( reboot and hold volume down , i believe , otherwise use #3 above to boot into the bootloader then press volume down to select " recovery " and press the power button ) . copy the superuser/su zip file onto your device and install it from recovery . it may be easier to get the zip onto your device if you first reboot normally and then use android 's mass storage feature to just copy it over .
are you able to get into the recovery boot menu ? ( on my phone , it is accessed by holding down the vol down button when turning on the phone ) . if so , there may be something that can help you . i have had this happen to me , and what i had to do was to try re-installing the rom from the zip file , using the process described here ( scroll down to flashing cyanogenmod - method via recovery ) . on that page , it also states " as of right now cyanogenmod is not officially available for the htc thunderbolt " . i did a bit of digging , and found that the only available cyanogenmod roms for the thunderbolt are unofficial . at this juncture , i would suggest flashing a different rom , or an earlier version of cyanogenmod , if you still have the zip file you used before the update .
there are some ebook reader apps with can enable you to share book passages . and you can use google translate to share them . . . so select the passage and share it using google translate ! for example , the kobo app for android and aldiko ( free or €2.49 ) are ebook readers which enable to share book passages . google play books have a built in feature to translate passages too ( it must use google translate ) . obviously , you can also copy the passages by hand , open the google translate app and use it to translate what you have just copied . it is not quite smart or ergonomic but it works .
as far as i know , they are stored under : data/data/com.android.chrome/app_chrome/default/bookmarks
there are apps available that allow you to distinguish between locking your phone and it idling out . for example , it is a good security practice to have your phone lock whenever you hit the lock button , but understandable that you do not want it locking 10 seconds after you place it on the passenger seat . you can have the screen timeout after 20 seconds , but wait 120 seconds ( or more , if you prefer ) before it auto- locks . i know that juice defender provides such options . some apps ( such as the music app ) have the ability of adding ' widgets ' to your lock screen . this is even more apparent on custom roms ( such as cyanogenmod ) , which allow apps to respond to ' gestures ' on the lockscreen .
it is always enabled on the kindle fire . you simply need to add the fire 's device id to your android_usb.ini file so that the google adb drivers will find it . you can do this from the command line very easily with : echo 0x1949 &gt;&gt; "%USERPROFILE%\.android\adb_usb.ini  then restart adb adb kill-server adb start-server  and you should be good to go . if it still will not recognize it then you may need to go into the " manage " menu and uninstall the fire , then unplug it and plug it in again ( i do not remember if that step was necessary ) .
as of version 4.8.2 you can automatically synchronise to dropbox ( or box .net) with each scheduled backup : go to schedules in the main menu select a schedule or create a new one fiddle with the time settings to your heart 's content select " sync to dropbox " in the " when finished:" combo box at the bottom . could also be a good idea to adjust the " connectivity modes " to synchronise over wi-fi only in the settings to avoid unnecessary data charges ( if applicable ) .
firefox was never the default android browser . the actual default browser is based on the open-source webkit engine , which also powers the safari browser on desktops , laptops and apple 's ios-based mobile devices . in the other hand , chrome is based in chromium and offers more options and performance than the stock browser .
so , as the night progressed , and i tried various fixes such as what nathan suggested and restoring from titanium backups and such , my problems simply got worse . i ended up simply backing up my application data and restoring from a nandroid backup . that seems to have fixed it . it may have been a virus , or i might've corrupted something somehow . after i restored the backup , the contacts are syncing just fine .
individual apps might have settings for font size , but i do not think android 2.2 included any system-wide settings for changing the default font size . check the market for a third-party contact list app that allows you to change that setting .
the problem is that the device was stuck in fastboot . i had to use adb to get into the bootloader , and change to normal boot from there . now , everything works . i assume he let the device run out of power while updating , as it completed updating once it was out of fastboot . thanks for all the help you gave me . you may not have solved my problem , but i still appreciate it .
search the settings inside the camera app there should be one to change/disable camera sounds . if there is no such option , i am afraid the only alternative you have is to try alternative 3rd part camera apps .
most ( pretty much all ) usb keyboards and mice support the usb hid protocol . you might not be able to use some special " media keys " or other advanced features , but standard features will work without additional drivers . as for routing usb input to standard android ui events , i suspect they will do it ( they had be stupid not to ) but could not find any conclusive information as of yet .
yes you can , you will need to create a different " calendar " ( probably " tag " would be a better name , but that is google 's terms for it ) . creating a calendar ( do this from the desktop , i did not found a way to do it from android 's calendar app ; do anyone know ? ) : go to http://www.google.com/calendar . look for the " my calendars " box on the left , click on " add " fill in the information , and click create calendar . you can change the color later from " my calendars " box , by clicking on the triangular button . adding events to calendar ( can be done from android ) : on the " create new event " view , choose the calendar you have just made from " calendar " combobox .
if you have " wifi-sleep " on , when the device goes to sleep , the wifi connection will disconnect from the access point . it does not happen right as the device goes to sleep , but a little delay after . it should not drain the battery much more then just having wifi on . of course , if you have very network active apps running , then it may drain it a bit more . but on the other side , if wifi goes to sleep , and you have network active apps , they will just use your mobile connection , if it is available .
according to this question on stack overflow iptables is available in android source distribution . users of retail android devices cannot access iptables binary . even android os itself cannot access that binary . this is hard-coded in android . many devices also do not have iptables at all . the only way to access iptables binary is to build your own android images . check out http://randomizedsort.blogspot.com/2010/08/building-android-and-linux-kernel-for.html . once you get comfortable with that process , check out http://randomizedsort.blogspot.com/2011/03/porting-iptables-1410-to-android.html . iptables is a default module in aosp , you can use netfilter to write c code to handle that . for example , you can create an android project , and write a jni file , use ndk-build to compile that , and then adb push the executable to the android file system to execute . and in the mobile end , you can adb shell to it , directly use iptables command as a root user , just like in linux . to check if your device supports iptables : issue the following command in adb shell or in terminal emulator : iptables -L -t nat  alternatively you could try the beta of ip tables app on google play to see if it does what you want . there is also droid wall that you could try . it supports scripts that may help , e.g. $IPTABLES -A "droidwall" --destination "192.168.0.1" -j RETURN 
my solution , which seems to be working so far , is quite related to what was proposed by t0mm13b . that proposal was to adjust the dhcp settings . however , my router is quite limited in functionality and it is impossible to adjust wifi settings on it . insane , i know . so , i set my phone to use a static ip address instead of using dhcp . so far , so good .
to read rtf files you basically just need and app that supports that file format . here 's a good one that additionally supports many other document types : cool reader by vadim lopatin available from google play store . reading books in epub , fb2 , txt , doc , rtf , html , chm , tcr , pdb , pml formats . ebook reader . supports epub ( non-drm ) , fb2 , doc , txt , rtf , html , chm , tcr , pdb , prc , mobi ( non-drm ) , pml formats .
make a backup of your data first . every folder and file in the /sdcard/data directory is 0 bytes . this looks like a corrupted filesystem or a defective sdcard ( see correction ) . especially , folders have a usual minimum size of 4.0k . i would suggest you to back up your data first , then check for errors : does " dmesg " show filesystem errors on mmcblk0 or similar ? if so try to backup , reformat sdcard ( see correction ) and restore or replace the faulty sdcard . ( edit ) correction : the galaxy nexus has no sdcard but a unified ext4 filesystem for /data that also includes /sdcard ( which is symlinked to /data/media ) . you might solve the problem with a wipe . but that will also delete all of your /sdcard content too . you might have luck entering recovery and adb'ing into it to fsck . ext4 your /data partition , i am however not sure if your rom supports this command <code> # boot to recovery first ! adb shell cat /proc/partitions # look for the biggest one and replace the ? ? accordingly fsck . ext4 /dev/block/mmcblk ? ? ? </code> here 's an external report about a similar issue : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1541379
https://support.google.com/hangouts/answer/3118600?hl=en this does not work ? i have not tried it , because i do not have hangouts on my phone . edit 1 sign out of hangouts tip : if you don’t want to receive notifications , enable snooze notifications . touch menu > ​ settings > touch your google account > scroll to the bottom and touch sign out .
your device is in download mode . i do not have that device , but if the battery does not come out , you will probably need to use adb and send an adb reboot to get it out of download mode . if you do not know how to use adb , then you can just let the battery die . i do not like that option though because the same image will be on the screen for an extended period of time . does the screen look like this : to use adb : download the usb drivers from samsung download the android sdk connect the device to your computer via usb cable open a command prompt where the android sdk was installed and change to the platform-tools directory . for example , my sdk is installed at c:\android-sdk so i run the following : c:\android-sdk> cd platform-tools then try to reboot with adb : C:\android-sdk\platform-tools\&gt; adb reboot  if that does not work try the following command : C:\android-sdk\platform-tools\&gt; fastboot reboot 
you can use an app such as wifi tiles transfer . all you have to do is to download the app and clicking the start button . then you can go to the server page you are given ( on the app screen ) and you can access all the files and folders of your phone memory .
from what you said in the comments above , there is a way to change the text colour and the icon colours along with the colour / transparency of the status bar . it requires a rooted phone unfortunately but once rooted download wanam xposed from the play store here is a link wanam xposed work 's on samsung android 4.2+ so you should not have any issues once this is installed it will ask you to install the xposed framework , do not be alarmed it is required and will not harm your phone . once the framework is installed you will be prompted to enable wanam xposed from the new xposed installer , if not you can simply click on xposed installer , click modules and wanam xposed should appear and check the checkbox . now go on wanam xposed , note everytime you make a change it will only appear after a reboot ! you can now go on theme and click either background color ( or colour as it should be : ) ) and this will enable you to select a colour for the status bar , or you can click on the following circle battery color stock battery text color signal icons color clock and date color status bar icons color ( remaining icons ) each of these will change the icons instead of the status bar background colour hope this helps !
unfortunately , you really need root for this . from clocksync , google themselves have mentioned this : hi , it is by design that applications can not change the time . there are many subtle aspects of security that can rely on the current time , such as certificate expiration , license management , etc . we do not want to allow third party applications to globally disrupt the system in this way .
i hope someone comes up with a different solution : as far as i can tell , the solution presented in the answer by al everett , does not work . my work around : i have created a folder called ' inbox server ' on the exchange and set up a filter to move all incoming mails from inbox to ' inbox server ' . since the sync only syncs the inbox folder by default , effectively , no exchange emails are synced now . but if anyone else has another solution or comments , please let them know . i will be glad to read them .
/cache partition is mostly for saving the downloads from google play store , found in /cache/downloads . it also can hold the recovery log found in /cache/recovery called last_log as well ( this holds any errors and/or diagnostics from the recovery binary a lá cwm or stock , which will get logged in the file to aid debugging and development of the recovery binary ) . there is also another directory in there called lost+found which holds any recovered files ( if any ) as a result of file-system corruption , such as incorrectly removing the sdcard without un-mounting it . so really , there is no loss of data from clearing it . in fact , upon android boot-up , the script will clear out the /cache/downloads to make way for any new downloads/updates from google play store .
this depends entirely on the oem and what features they decide to put in their devices . however , i have used a panorama feature since the beginning ( 2.3 gingerbread ) on my nexus s , and have had it all the way till my 4.2 galaxy nexus , so i can say that the stock android camera app has panorama , at least 2.3 onwards . beyond that , device specific panorama is dependent on the oem . you could always use third party apps , like this one , which supports android 2.1 and above .
that cable is not going to work . that adapter will only allow you to go from a ( dual-mode ) displayport source to an hdmi input , not the other way around like you are trying to use it . to go from an hdmi source to a displayport input , you need an active converter , such as this startech unit , not merely an adapter , as displayport uses a fundamentally different means of data transmission ( it is a packetized connection like usb , not just a digital stream ) than hdmi or dvi .
it was hard to take screenshots on 1st generation kindle fire tablet . you had to android sdk etc and connect to your computer etc just to take a screenshot . we are used to print screen function on computers . how to take screenshot of kindle fire hd or kindle fire 2 1 . press and hold volume down and power buttons simultaneously . your kindle fire screen flickers and takes a snapshot of tablet screen . you can find the saved screenshot images in photos > screenshots . make sure to select device tab at the top as shown below . you can send saved screenshot via email , skype etc . i did not any option to send them via bluetooth . it seems kindle fire has limited sharing options .
after some searching , it turns out this feature is provided by the sprint network ( although that does not rule out that other carriers/devices may provide similar functionality ) . the q and a at community . sprint . com points to the sprint connection optimizer , aka the " intelligent mobile network and wi-fi setting . " this setting " will automatically connect you to wi-fi networks on your device 's remembered list . " this setting can be enabled/disabled by navigating to settings > more settings > mobile networks > sprint connections optimizer .
if you did not purchase the app ( i.e. . it was free ) , it should be gone . if you did , then it is always there because you have purchased the right to download it .
appbrain will make it easy to restore your apps . after the reset , install appbrain first ( ish ) and use it to get back all the apps you had before . ( sync before you reset . ) market will remember your paid apps so you will be able to get those without having to repay . your google app data ( e-mail , contacts , calendar ) are backed up to the " cloud " already , so you should not have to do anything special with them . if you really want to you could export them to a csv file , but you should not have to . you probably do not need to , but i would copy the contents of the sd card to a temporary location . just in case . as for other apps that keep data only local . . . i can not speak to those . i know that for myself everything important has a backup somewhere else . ( yay dropbox ! ) unfortunately ( or , actually , fortunately ) , i do not have any personal experience with a factory reset . everything i have read says that it is really not that bad , excepting those apps that do not have dynamic storage strategies . good luck !
edit the contact you want to be the default . then press the menu button and join the additional contacts . this will keep the display name as the original contact you were editing .
go into the wi-fi settings , press menu , choose advanced . you should get options including wi-fi sleep policy . sounds like its set to turn off wi-fi when the screen is off .
i also have the safe device and had faced the same problem . i have two wonderful solutions : 1 ) use link2sd . this app moves your app 's apk , lib and dex file to second partition of you sd card . it will leave only the data files in the internal memory . so you can install nearly five times the more apps . i have a blog post if you want to try it out . 2 ) use sueprnova rom . this rom is the stock rom with data2sd support . so you can even use 2gb of sd space as internal memory . both of this solution requires you to have a better class of sd card .
according to the openaos site , the archos 5 is supported . so i would think that there would be a download for an update package for that specific device . this is how others do it . the steps to install on any of the devices should be the same ( or close ) the only thing you would need is the install package . i could not find downloads on the openaos site .
i use netflix on my samsung galaxy s vibrant with cyanogenmod 7 and it works just fine . now , that does not mean in the future , nextflix could not update their app to not support these devices/rom but it does work now .
powering off and back on restored the 3x3 picture size . . . makes no sense , but it worked .
as you have already tested , trying out different browsers might be a good alternative . i suggest you try either boat browser or dolphin browser . my stand for chrome browser still remains . it is still an immature browser , and lacks many features / add-ons that are available in other browsers .
the skype application description in the market lists the list of devices that supports video calling . as of skype 2.5.0.108 , video calling is supported on these tablets : samsung galaxy tab 7 ( wifi , verizon , sprint , plus ) htc flyer samsung galaxy tab 10.1 ( t-mobile ) acer iconia tablet ( a500 ) motorola xoom acer iconia smart devices that are not listed may still be able to do video calling , but skype says that the video quality may not be as good as on supported devices . check out skype 's application description page for the latest list of supported devices .
power on wol enabled bios : in order to power up the remote host , you first have to enable wol in his bios . the way you have to do this will vary from motherboard to motherboard , sou you will have to figure it out by your self , or ask google for some help . remote host cable connected to router application capable of sending magic packets to remote . host 's macadress at the moment i am using woldroid wol wake on lan on remote . host execute : ifconfig  detect your remote . host 's ehternet board usualy eth0 and save the hw adress value xx:xx:xx:xx:xx:xx:xx enter that number when woldroid asks you for a mac adress . and your done . now you are able to powerup remotely power off 1 . prepare the remote host : remote host with ubuntu 12.04 create your private and public key files to follow these steps you will have to access your remote host , physically , or using another computer . i will describe this as if you have physical access to the remote . host open a command window and install the ssh protocol : sudo apt-get install ssh  create public and private keys using ssh-key-gen ssh-keygen  you should save the generated key in : /home/yourusername/.ssh/id_rsa  press enter twice to leave the passphrase empty . now copy the id_rsa . pub to your ~/ . ssh/authorized_keys file with this command : ssh-copy-id -i ~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub remote.host  now you have to be able to execute the sudo shutdown -p 0 with no password . modify /etc/sudoers on remote . host with visudo that way user " yourusername " can execute the shutdown command with no password asked . run : sudo visudo  by running visudo , it leads to edit /etc/sudoers . add the line below to that file . yourusername ALL = NOPASSWD: /sbin/shutdown  now we are able to access remotely , and shutdown without passwords asked . 2 . prepare your android connect your android to the remote host and with your file explorer copy the id_rsa file located in ~/ . ssh/ folder to the android 's sd card . disconnect your android from the remote host install a ssh client program . ( ex . connectbot ) open connect bot and go to manage pubkeys > import and select the key you copied later . go back to connect bot 's main scren and select the ssh protocol from the list and enter loginname@remote.host . notice that it creates a line in the main screen with the data you input . push it for a couple of seconds and select edit host . select Use pubkey authentication and select id_rsa on Post-login automation write sudo shutdown -P 0 go back to you the main screen of connect bot and we are done ! now you can turn on and shutdown a remote . host : )
if its dropping your data connection , why have not you uninstalled it already ? seriously , there are things you can do with stock applications to improve your battery life , like turning off wifi , gps , data connection manually , all of which can be down easily with the power control widget . also , i noticed that there is a beta version of the app that is noted as being frequently unstable . is this the version you are using ? if so , buyer beware .
all you really need to to is enable usb debugging in the device settings and plug in the device . as long as you have eclipse , adt plugin and the android sdk installed , which you do if you have been using emulators , you should be good to go . eclipse will automatically use the device when it is plugged in and no emulators are running , unless you have told it not to . if you are using windows , you may have to install the device vendor 's usb drivers ; if so , windows should prompt you about this when you plug in a device with usb debugging enabled . the android training class building your first app will walk you through all of these steps with a sample application .
we do not compare apples with peaches . but it is always a good idea to be careful what you install . true , google play is to be considered one of the safest sources for android apps . still , some malware sneaks in every now and then . so you should use some common sense before hitting the " install " button . things to look at include ( but might not be restricted to ) : what permissions are required ? though not always easy to decide , there are some things which can count as indicators – e.g. taking a simple calculator app , it certainly does not need access to your contacts , calendars , system settings , etc . how is it rated ? i am not talking about " naked numbers " , but check the comments . they might give you useful hints on whether it is safe to install . also , an app installed several thousands of times with no traces of maliciousness in the comments should be considerably safer than an app with almost no installs and no comments . should it be a very popular app , but only has few installs ? that is in most cases a clear indicator for malware , hiding behind a popular name . better keep your hands off those . aside of that : in case you are still unsure , pick a good forum and ask . another good idea is to check other apps from the same developer ( just follow the link on his name ) , and use above criteria on them .
as david said , you can restore an unsupported app from a previous backup , or you can restore the data of that app ( e.g. saves in a game ) . when you install an app from the play store , you are limited to what is available for your country ( unless you are rooted then there some ways to go around it ) and even if you install an app that you previously had , the data will not be restored . google play store just backs up your apps names so when you restore through the play store , the data is not restored .
i have already found out the problem , it is because of the upgrading of the firmware . i brought my phone to samsung and they found out that the firmware installed in the device is somehow not genuine ( do not know about this , i got my device from globe telecom as brand-new . ) disclaimer : this solution is for samsung device under warranty period . samsung said the problem occurs when you update through ota when you have an inconsistent internet connection making the ' applypatch ' running as if it cannot find all necessary files for upgrade and continuously searching and patching it . solution to this is to backup first your device , bring it to samsung service center then have them format it and install a genuine os . after that , my device is back to normal with updated genuine android 4.2.2 jellybean and just have to restore my data . if your warranty is over and if you are already rooted you can just reformat your android device with a legit rom and everything will be back to normal .
if you take a look at the air browse feature under air gestures , you will see that it is limited only to the following applications : gallery internet music player music on lock screen s memo so no , you can not use it for presentations .
not that i have found . it is just different names for the same phone . ( a pretty standard marketing practice . ) some more info here : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/htc_dream
it should be located under android settings > location and security . but you need apps that support this feature in order to make full use of it . if you have a google apps or an exchange account your admin will be able to use the corresponding features like password reset etc . certain apps ( examples : llama / widgetlocker / wavesecure ) when made as device administrators are then allowed a higher level of access to system features .
they are stored in /mnt/shell/emulated/  i have just created a restricted profile and it created a new folder in there with the name "10" , the main admin users folder is "0" . you should be able to copy the files into the relevant place within these folders to get mine craft to pick them up . ( this was done on the 2012 nexus 7 but i do not think it will be any different )
yes , most manufacturers ( afaik including htc , as i had this experience with my evo 4g ) will have the ota update break if the device is rooted . this may have changed , but to my knowledge , ota will not work after root . however , devices can be unrooted , however , some are easier than others , and the process is different for most devices . please note that most unrooting methods require a full wipe . thus is the nature . however , if i can give you a bit of personal advice , custom roms can usually give you the features of an ota update and much , much more ; )
tubemate app might be using phone 's internal storage for merging . how much is your phone 's free internal storage and video size .
what android version are you on ? check System Settings &gt; About phone &gt; Android version . kies3 is for android 4.3 and above . if your android version is lower , use kies .
it seems that on{x} was indeed causing this , no logs show in sd card anymore since i have uninstalled the application .
it looks like your phone tries to build a 3g connection only if packet data is enabled . after all , 2g is just fine for voice and texts . but unsuccessfully trying to create a connection when there is no network costs a lot of power . in my experience , phones normally cope just fine with that . my theory is that the 2g signal normally contains some sort of flag that indicates whether there is also a 3g signal . the 2g repeater would incorrectly send this flag -- possibly because the tower it gets its signal from sends it too . thus your phone wastes energy trying to connect to a signal that only exists somewhere else . if you cannot ( or do not want to ) replace the repeater by a more sophisticated model , you should turn off 3g altogether while in your office . gsm phones have a setting in Wireless &amp; networks -> Mobile networks -> Network Mode that lets you switch between wdcma ( 3g ) and gsm ( 2g ) . i do not know what the setting looks like on a cdma phone . you can probably automate this with tasker if you do want to use 3g where it is possible . alternatively you could use a widget to change the setting manually without having to go to the settings menu . one app that provides a widget for this is widgetsoid .
all you need is an app locker app . there are many app lockers in play store . just , search . i would recommend smart app protector ( i use its pro version which is great ) . use it to lock google docs app .
in froyo and later , there is a " cursor handle " that you can grab and drag to the right location . now this photo doesnt show it , but the actual cursor is still there blinking too . that handle will also bring up a quick action menu to select text or paste . and once text is selected , you can copy and cut too .
i am using a third party app called es task manager , which allows me to manually enable and disable autostarting for the most apps as i can see so far . you did not say if your samsung is rooted or not so i need to mention that you need a rooted device to perform this via the task manager . it might also be possible to transfer not only user installed apps but system apps as well with link2sd while beeing on a rooted device . at least these system apps are shown by link2sd , but i never really tried that out .
encrypt phone only encrypts the /data partition . encrypting the sd card is a separate function and is not implemented in stock android . some manufacturers ( i know motorola and samsung do ) extend the encryption ( optionally . where you find " encrypt phone " , you will also find an " encrypt sd card " option ) to the sd card . i can not determine whether cyanogenmod implements such a function or if it may be device-specific .
the sdk needs to be run as admistrator to be able to write those files . just retry and run it with elevated rights .
if you only want apps backed up , i recommend titanium backup . it requires root . its backup will be saved to /mnt/sdcard/TitaniumBackup/ , you can copy that folder to your computer just in case your card gets formatted . if you use clockworkmod / nandroid , do the same thing ( copy the /mnt/sdcard/clockworkmod/backup folder to your pc afterwards ) . the only real caveat is that you should flash the rom you had when the backup was done before restoring the backup . if the rom you flashed afterward was significantly different , restoring without first reflashing the previous rom can brick the phone .
lost . dir is just a storage space ( directory ) for files that were recovered upon boot . you can safetly remove it with no problems . the sysytem keeps it just in case you want to get your recovered currupted files back . a quick google search yielded : lost . dir - what is it ? as for preventing it from being created , just prevent the sd card from becoming corrupted . here are some things to keep in mind while using an sd card : always eject before removal never remove while files are being modified never remove from android device while device is on if you have your device connected to the computer , the sd card will usually automatically mount itself on the computer . remember to eject it before disconnecting the device . this thread has a ton of good info . basically the gist of it is , if you are following all of the precautions to keep the sd card from getting corrupted ( ejecting before removal , ect . . . ) then the sd card is partially incompatible with your device . if you move to a higher class sd card , the problem usually goes away on its own .
android apps are not binaries . they are . apk 's , similar to java . jar files , and . dex or . odex files when in bytecode form . they are run in the dalvik virtual machine , again very similar to a java vm . you can launch an app from a shell as follows : am start -a android.intent.action.MAIN -n &lt;package name&gt;/&lt;activity name&gt;  for example , angry birds : am start -a android.intent.action.MAIN -n com.rovio.angrybirds/com.rovio.ka3d.app  the name of the activity is found in the androidmanifest . xml file inside the . apk under //manifest/application/activity/@name . for google voice there are quite a few activities , and you may need to use other intents . i do not have sl4a . you can also disable apps temporarily with this : pm disable &lt;package name&gt;  and re-enable : pm enable &lt;package name&gt; 
i fixed this by removing data from the sd card . it was nearly full . freeing up ~1gb of the card solved the problem . it is likely that the application uses some sd card space to open files .
yay , the phone boots again . here 's the magic recipe . Boot into recovery. adb shell mkdir /data/s mount -o rw -t yaffs2 /dev/block/mtdblock3 /data/s chmod 755 /data/s/xbin/busybox Reboot the phone.  my shell is back . there is a weird quirk now - ls ( from the busybox , one assumes ) thinks adb is an ansi terminal and tries to emit ansi escape sequences . still , yay .
as far as i know , nandroid uses the yaffs2 file system for storing backups inside the . img files . a quick search on google points to these instructions on extracting files from a nandroid backup : first you will need to download and build the " unyaffs " module : svn checkout http://unyaffs.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ unyaffs cd unyaffs gcc -o unyaffs unyaffs.c  then copy the image file off your phone 's nandroid directory and extract it : mkdir data &amp;&amp; cd data ~/src/android/unyaffs/unyaffs /[path-to-backup-folder]/data.img 
hopefully the mac version of pdanet for android will do this for you . there is a trial period , after which you need to buy it if you want to browse secure ( https:// &hellip ; ) sites . signing into gmail requires https , for example .
no , you do not need anything unique . while it comes with something specific - it can charge off a usb in your computer ( or the wall outlet -> usb ) . ( source : i have the 2012 one ) sounds like you have other issues such as : bad/obstructed usb header - visually check the usb on your nexus for physical damage or blocks ( dust , debris , lint , etc ) bad usb cable - try an alternative cable or verify that cable in other devices if possible . there are complaints of the 2013 nexus 7 , mostly related to odd behaviors with touch . perhaps this could be another manifestation . . . though i somewhat doubt it . if you clarify further , that may help your cause : did it ever work normally - if so , has anything changed between then and now ( rooting , custom rom , etc ) ? what came in the box with it ? what did the manual tell you ? what else have you tried ? what do you mean " what is the deal with these android tablets ? " - have you found other evidence of issues or reported complaints ?
" i got a rather meaningful suggestion on another forum that " android os " is actually the low-level kernel , while " android system " is actually the higher-level os service layer " source : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=10922010postcount=3
in case anybody else is having the issue still , my phone recently picked up the gingerbread release . this appears to have resolved the problem .
i did some digging around and found that this change was introduced in an update for gingerbread . it applies to all nexus devices starting from the nexus s ( except the nexus one since it comes pre-installed with facebook ) . the problem google has with facebook sync is the inability to port the data that facebook sync adds to the contacts , out of your device . here is an excerpt from their statement on this issue : since facebook contacts cannot be exported from the device , the appearance of integration created a false sense of data portability . facebook contact data will continue to appear within the facebook app . like all developers on android , facebook is free to use the android contacts api to truly integrate contacts on the device , which would allow users to have more control over their data . we are removing the special-case handling of facebook contacts on nexus s and future lead devices . techcrunch 's coverage on this : http://techcrunch.com/2011/02/22/google-android-facebook-contacts/ engadget 's coverage : http://www.engadget.com/2011/02/22/google-disables-contact-sync-in-facebook-for-android-only-nexus/ i am still trying to find the official statement on a google site . will update it here if i find it . also i want to know why google does not get all manufacturers to enforce this rule if it is part of core android policies .
this is a known bug in the nexus s ' 4.0.3 firmware when you apply the i9020 update . zip to the i9023 model . background : the i9020 sports a self-illuminating amoled while the i9023 has a traditional lcd with a backlight . the recovery fails to switch on the backlight and the screen goes black . you probably downloaded the update . zip from google and did not use the official update method , right ? in short : the screen backlight of the i9023 model is off in recovery mode due to that bug but everything else just works here 's a thread on xda that covers just this . possible solutions to fix it : use a strong led flashlight and illuminate the lcd just for the installation of the 4.0.4 , see images below ( both show the same homescreen , except the left has a switched off backlight ) unlock your nexus s and install a working custom recovery ( guide )
one way is to ask the developer via the contact information provided in the application 's google play page . where an application or game has a free- or paid-version , you could just try the free version . unless it is stated in the description that the paid version actually supports higher resolutions , it is usually a safe assumption that if the free version looks a certain way , the paid version will look similar . a final way is to simply buy the application and try it within the 15 minute refund period . if you are not pleased with the way the application or game is formatted for your screen , simply refund it . keep in mind , though , that you are only allowed to refund an app once . if you re-install it after refunding , you will no longer have the option to refund and will be billed immediately .
did you use the " refresh " option in the google play music app ? you can find it in the action bar menu . another possibility is a wrong file type . here is a list of supported file types : https://support.google.com/googleplay/answer/1100462?hl=en
in my experience , bluetooth tethering ( using bluetooth garden ) has been problematic . it disconnects too often , or can not open certain sites . usb tethering ( via clockworkmod tether ) was ok . this way , my phone would be charging while providing internet to my laptop . downside is i needed to install a program ( not an issue , because the program is safe ) on my laptop . another downside is i could not tether another device ( like a tablet ) to the phone . turning my phone into a hotspot , was a better choice . i could surf with little issues . i could connect my tablet or laptop to the phone via wifi . however , this drained my battery quickly . i would occasionally fix this by plugging my phone to an outlet with a charger .
the new animation added to jelly bean camera app when photos are being taken , acts as a visual hint at a new swipe gesture that is been added . the idea is to make the user aware that swiping to the left at any time , they are able to scroll through all the photos taken : when taking a photo , a new animation sweeps your photo off the screen . there is now a new paging animation when swiping between photos . android 4.1 , jelly bean - camera and gallery ( scroll down till this title ) from that location , the user can rotate , crop , share , just like in the gallery app . as already mentioned by jlehenbauer , it is a feature and cannot be removed . here a youtube video about this : android 4.1 jelly bean camera app
ok , at last , the mighty user of xda , bin4ary , has released a very nice and easy toolkit to root ics jb roms of most sony phones , including xperia s . i used the tool and easily rooted my phone . very fast and painless . no need to flash or unlock bootloader or anything . if you are also interested , this is the page on xda : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1886460
i just tried this on two phones , a samsung galaxy 551 and a samsung galaxy s . it does not work . the phones typically just shut off . however , one time the galaxy s did not shut off right away but i was not able to put the battery back in before it shut off . my google nexus s is made so that you can not even take the back cover off without unplugging it . i suspect that this is simply not a supported feature in most phones and that you are not likely to find that it works anywhere . not to mention the fact that power-loss may damage components or corrupt data . this is one reason why the phone monitors the battery life and shuts down if there is not enough battery power .
disabling the proximity sensor seems to have worked : after some testing , i got no freezes at all .
i use pcm recorder and it will record until it consumes entire storage space . also , i am able to use the phone for other tasks and pcm recorder seems to keep recording in background , which is cool . i can even lock the phone and there by switch off the display which makes the drain on battery to very minimal , in par with the stock voice recorder application .
the tags are stored through the media 's content provider . in layman 's terms , the content-provider is a way of android interacting with a database backing store . the location can be found in this directory : /data/data/com.android.providers.media/databases  which is sqlite3 database that has the following information stored in it , or rather , a combination of certain columns , not all of them , due to the way developers can optionally add the fields of the data to be stored . ( if you are un-rooted you will not be able to list the database - if someone can clarify this , just checked on europa gt-i5500 which is unrooted and issuing ls fails ) if you have a look at this document that details the columns used in the database for the media ( that is a generic columns that is a de-facto within the database ) , it is combined with this other information ( now at this stage , your brain is probably turned to mush looking at it but the pertinent information is in the column names which is found in the database ) as for the ' tag ' field you are referring to , quite simply , android does not store them , there are replacement apps that replaces the stock version of the gallery with extras such as the ' tag ' field you are referring to . the most it can hold was the latitude/longitude/display name of the image and a picasa id in which it may get uploaded to depending if picasa is enabled with your account .
yes . your in-app subscriptions attached with that card will be disturbed . and , an app developer would be unable to refund money if you have purchased that app using that card ( but , this is solved by contacting google support ) . but , you will not lose any purchased apps . even pending purchases will not be affected if you attach a new card with the account . otherwise , it would be cancelled .
i solved this by turning off wifi on my phone . not sure why having wifi turned on would be a problem , but i do not get any skipping when wifi is off .
impossible to predict what their techs would do . theoretically they certainly can deny repair service on bootloader-unlocked phones , since it clearly says that you are voiding your warranty when unlocking the device : important information please note that you may void the warranty of your phone and/or any warranty from your operator if you unlock the boot loader . sony ericsson can then no longer guarantee the full functionality of your phone , and will not be responsible for any unsigned custom software being flashed to the phone after the boot loader is unlocked . . . . however , unlike the carriers ( who 100% always check the bootloader status , ) manufacturers have been known to turn a blind eye on this from time to time . for example , i have sent my atrix 4g to motorola for repairs twice after unlocking its bootloader . both times their techs repaired the device , and even re-locked the bootloader for me . htc is also known to be lenient towards repairing unlocked handsets . you can always try calling sony 's support department and anonymously ask where they stand on repairs for bootloader-unlocked handsets . you may not like their answer though .
i was looking into the same issue , and it was answered on xda http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2537794 in short - it is possible if your phone is rooted to move the certificate to the system section . very annoying that it is not possible to exclude certificates from this warning - it only produces noise when i know that the cert is ok to use .
as mentioned in a comment it really depends on what app you are using to provide tethering . on the stock htc tethering app there is a view called " manage users " which lets you see a list of connected devices listed be resolved host name . touching each device reveals its hardware address and currently assigned ip address . as far as i can recall it is the same for the stock samsung g s2 ( at least in this region - northern europe ) .
the apps you are referring to are system apps - that is , they were not sideloaded ; they were integrated into the operating system . removal involves having root access and deleting the corresponding ( cryptically named ) app in /system/app , but i strongly recommend you to stick to a disable option if available - sometimes system apps depend on other system apps in order to function properly . you might end up soft-bricking your phone if you accidentally delete an important app .
there is no simple answer to the question , " why do programs crash sometimes ? " the error message you see tells you that an app has crashed , just like when a program crashes on a desktop computer . usually this indicates a bug ( programming error ) in the app or in one of the libraries included in the app ( e . g . an ad network , or a library for accessing a particular web service ) . the bug might always happen when you try to do a particular action , or it might be caused by being in a particular state . for example , a calendar app might have a bug that only happens when you create an event on the first of the month , in a month that already contains an event . if the bug is triggered by particular circumstances , clearing the data or cache for that app might make the bug go away until the same circumstance arise again . sometimes , the app itself might be correct but the crash caused by a programming error in android itself . the app might be relying on android to behave in a particular way , and if android does the wrong thing , that could later cause the app to crash . similarly , the crash might be caused by hardware problems : if the phone overheats , the hardware might compute the wrong answers sometimes . in the first instance , you should report a crash to the developer of the app that crashes . android 's crash-report process will automatically include relevant information with the report , to help the developer see what is wrong . even if the problem turns out not to be their fault , they will know the right place to report it , and might be able to suggest a workaround you can use to avoid the problem . if you do not report a crash , it probably will not get fixed .
as far as i know , batteries will not fry on constant charging . they chips in them that control overcharging and low charge . so they will not die easyly . i am using my desire just like you explained for almost 2 years and it is just like the first day , i need to charge it every day : )
you will not be able to use bt-dun on the streak unless there is something custom built into the ui . my archos 70 has a setting baked into android for bluetooth tethering specifically . without that or some app to enable it , the streak will not know where to get the internet connection from , even if the devices are connected . do not bother with pdanet because it only works when you are going the other way , sharing your android internet connection with another device . another option , would be to put mywi on your iphone and make it a wireless access point , then you can connect to it via your wifi connection . there is one problem : the mywi creates an adhoc connection and android does not recognize adhoc . you can get around this by editing your wpa_supplicant file but you need to be rooted to do this . here are the instructions to do this : http://android.modaco.com/content/dell-streak-streak-modaco-com/316049/ad-hoc-network-connection-for-streak/
in the people application press the drop down next to phonebook and you can fine tune your contacts better . i had the phone tag checked and not the all contacts checked . i opted to switch to all contacts and have my phone filter out those without phone numbers automatically . the alternative is to add a phone tag to each contact i want in my phone .
case #1: you can get back to recently used apps by holding down the home key until a menu appears , and then selecting the app you want to return to . case #2: press the home button and open your dictionary app , and then use the method in #1 to return to messaging . this works if you do not have too many apps open , since the memory is limited and if you open too many apps , android will close them from the background . the important distinction is that the home key does not quit the app but exists to the launcher , and the back button exits the app .
unfortunately , no . the " dock " is part of the entire launcher and " home screens " . they are , all the " same application " . but there are widgets like most of the widgets that htc sense has . if you really do not like it that much , you should be able to find replacement widgets for the ones you like that work with other launchers like launcher pro , go launcher , or adw launcher , for example .
you need to reset the bootmode . this can be easily done with fastboot . execute the following commands : fastboot -i 0\xd71949 oem idme bootmode 4000 fastboot -i 0\xd71949 reboot 
skype for android has a couple versions . most are wifi-only , so you would be able to use them no problem except that the g1 is not in skype 's list of supported devices , so you will not find it in the market . looks like it is verizon-exclusive . the newest version will not run on your phone even if you grab it pseudo-legally ; i am not sure about older versions . skype 's api agreement also prohibits other apps from making skype calls , as far as i am aware . fring used to support skype , for example , but had to remove that feature due to threats from skype .
i would say that this would be somewhat of a " driver " issue . it seems that your home cinema system does not know what your device is and it cannot connect to it . i would try seeing if there is a firmware update for the system ( if it supports firmware updates ) . it recognizes the blackberry because they have been around for so long , and they probably use the same driver to communicate with just about any blackberry .
this actually can happen with any rom you install . if you are not installing a " new " version of the same rom , you can get in to a boot loop . you have to do a factory reset and clear the data and cache when installing a new rom for the first time . if you are installing an upgraded version of the rom , you do not have to do the wipe ( unless the instructions tell you that you should ) . but you should always clear the cache . when the device boots up for the first time , after clearing the cache , it needs to rebuild the cache for the applications you have installed . the more applications that you have installed , the longer it will take to boot the first time . keep an eye on the " boot up " , if it looks like it is " starting over " and not just replaying the boot animation , you are in a boot loop . if you have adb installed , you can plug the device in and look at the logcat that is going on during the boot process . this can also help you determine if you are in a loop or not .
sync is not possible and the " download folder " function is also missing on android . you can support this feature request : https://www.dropbox.com/votebox/2133/android-download-upload-folders
it looks like the only way to do this would be to use a custom launcher . i have found three options that have this capability . nova launcher prime ( $4.00 ) apex launcher pro ( $3.99 ) holo launcher plus ( $3.99 ) there is also a free holo launcher , but i do not think it has the customizable tabs .
the answer can be found in the backup tag-wiki . in short : adb backup is the newer file based backup scheme introduced in android 4.0 . it creates a backup of the file system tree and files . better explanation would be it is a logical backup , as files are mainly grouped by apps . side-effect is that files not having a clear relation might be missing from such a backup . it is secure , because you need to unlock the lockscreen first to proceed and one can also encrypt the backups themselves . backups can be done online . this method allows finer-grained control over what gets backuped and restored . nandroid backup is the older partition based concept , i.e. it creates images of the file systems ( think of norton ghost or rather the dd linux tool to have something to compare with ) . a better term here would be physical backup , as it is a blockwise copy . a recovery mode that supports this method ( e . g . clockworkmod recovery ) needs to be installed and started . backups can be created and accessed without entering the lockscreen passphrase . this method is an all-or-nothing approach , restoring individual apps is not possible ( without 3rd party support by titanium backup pro , for example ) find some more details in above mentioned tag-wiki , which also links to further ressources .
i gave up on adobe pdf reader , too bad it does not have a simple " file open " option . i downloaded beamreader free version , and so far it is working . it actually allows you to browse the directories and open files , what a concept ! i was going to buy the speedsoftware explorer suggested by @matthew above , but never bought an app before , and got this issue : buy an app - message : &quot ; none of the accounts on your phone are supported&quot ;
sometimes the market gets " hung up " on some of the app downloads . you can long press the item in question that is stuck and then cancel the download . you will have to re-start the download yourself , but this will usually fix the problem .
i have followed the guide in this page and reinstalled a stock version of android : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1196179 then i reinstalled cwm recovery and flashed cyanogenmod .
found this thread on the vibrant section of the xda devs forum : not enough space in music database ? ( pretty sure the vibrant is a us carrier-specific version of the galaxy , with this weird obsession us networks seem to have for making up alternative names for devices ) . maybe it has something to do with how the app handles various artists and/or unknown artists . i added all my music , then deleted tracks from various artist albums until it worked again . i then put back the various artist album track and it did not work , as expected . i thought this was artist based , but when i got it working again--by deleting the track mentioned above--and then added a track for a various artist album by an artist that already existed , the app crashed too . i then thought it might be song based . so i removed that song and then added a set of songs . however , it unexpectantly worked . the difference with the set of songs added above is that they were not part of a various artist album . they were a new artist , but the main album artist was not various with a contributing artist of the actual artist name . instead , the album artist was the artist name and the contributing artist was left blank ( or had the same name ) . so , it is that the music app does not understand how to handle various artist albums ? plugged sd card into my pc , did a search for files named * . mp3 with " various " in the artist tag , moved all of them off the card . plugged card back into galaxy again , waiting for media indexing to finish , i can now view the artists column without the app crashing . still can not search in the app without crashing , but i have a few more compilation type albums so will try spotting and removing all of them to see if it helps . update nov 2010 : the music player included in the official samsung froyo ( android 2.2 ) update , seems to have fixed this problem , or at least made it so that i can have the majority of my tracks on the phone without this problem showing up .
if the lock screen uses widgets , like weather , news aggregators , notifications , etc , then it is likely to use more battery . personally , i just use the plain swipe lock screen without additional widgets .
prior to android 3.0 ( honeycomb ) , android did not natively supported encrypting local storage at all . android 3.0 introduced the ability to encrypt the local device , and to enforce device encryption by activesync policy . other than the galaxy nexus , every phone currently on the market is running either a 1 . x or 2 . x version of android , none of these support device or removable media encryption in the android os , it is possible that some manufacturers may have added encryption , but this is not a standard part of the os available to standard activesync implementations . for android 4 . x phones ( currently only the galaxy nexus ) full device encryption ( and the relevant policies ) is brought to phones but this still does not seem to include removable media .
can you not make your own ? open up paint or photoshop of some sort and fill an area black . save the image as a png and then place on your phones memory card . then on the phone set your wallpaper from the gallery and select the black image .
adb reboot bootloader  then fastboot flash &lt;whatever-it-is-you-want-to-flash&gt;  if you see at any point when executing fastboot command , the pc is not configured to use fastboot properly . most typically , this is because you are not running fastboot with elevated privileges . it may also be that you do not have the drivers correctly installed , which may happen under windows 8 because of its insistence on signed drivers . - source
as of this moment , it is a known fact ( not necessarily an issue ) that the xposed framework does not work with art . so , you either : stay with dalvik runtime , and get the advantage of using xposed ; or uninstall xposed framework , and get the advantage of using art after installing xposed , the runtime gets reset from art to dalvik . can you stop it please ? you can be glad that i implemented this , otherwise you would be in a bootloop know . xposed is not compatible with art ( yet ) . it is a completely different architecture with pretty much no documentation . rewriting xposed for the art runtime requires understanding the concept , the code structure and many details to know how it works . i have already spent dozens of hours on that and some things are working . but still it is a long way ahead . do not expect even a test version in the near future . so please do not ask when it will be available - you will surely know when it is ready . i have nothing else to say about that .
i know you can freeze and thaw an app using titanium backup pro , which i have . but that would require manually going in to tibu and doing the freeze/thaw commands each time . you are wrong about that part . try this : look for a free place on your homescreen long-press there select to add a widget scroll to titanium backup select the item to ( un ) freeze an app select the app this gives you a toggle-widget to freeze/unfreeze the selected app .
there really is not much control you can do over limiting storage . most likely the data is from the apps using local sqlite databases to store information their apps use . you can pretty much only do these things : move the app to the sd card if you have android 2.2 clear the data cache every now and then ( but it is going to grow again )
multitouch touch screen digitizers handle ( 2,3,4 . . . ) or more input fingers at a time at the hardware level . single touch devices handle only one finger at a time even if 2 or more are present . if you touch with a 2nd finger , the detected touch will " jump " from the first finger to the second finger location . install a touch screen visualizer or test application like z device test . you can watch a video how it looks with one finger on youtube ( which has fake dual touch and has some flaws ) . so what a fake dual touch driver does is this : it basically detects " jumps " of the finger and assumes it comes from a second and just keeps reporting a fixed virtual event ( coming from the last known position from the ( now vanished ) 1st finger touch ) while the 2nd touch is from your actual finger and reported regularly .
yes , the hspa+ galaxy nexus phone from google play store is the i9250 model . that clip should fit it just fine .
at the moment , there is no central spot on your phone to control which notifications show up on your phone and how they behave across apps . for this end , you will need to open up each application and tweak how and when it notifies you about new messages or other events . generally speking , every app has some settings ( or preferences ) that are accessible by the more button . hit the button and a sub-menu of options will pop up , with settings often among them . in most android apps settings , you will find a category for " notification , " " alerts , " or something akin . for the email app that i use for my company emails , it is labelled " notification settings " . find yours and click it ! from the presented screen , you can usually change when and how an app notifies you of whatever it monitors . taking the example of the email app that i am using , i can : un-check the " inbox notifications " entirely to disallow notifications on the status bar . select a ringtone for my incoming email messages . set the phone to vibrate when a new email arrives . with this options you can adjust your app to react the way you intend . note : some system global settings may overwrite your definitions for specific behaviours setup on each app . also some power saving apps like the one i use : easy battery saver have global settings to save battery , included preventing the phone from highlighting or vibrating . i have performed some successful tests using the vodafone huawei u8510 running android os , v2.3 ( gingerbread ) . as far as my knowledge goes , the android 2.2 . x froyo has pretty much the same notification behaviour .
as soon as the device gets factory-reset , you can forget about tracking it with google 's device manager : as your google account on the device is gone then , there is no way for google 's dm to communicate with it . unless you have installed some anti-theft solution which integrates with the rom ( and thus survices a factory-reset – a feature offered e.g. by cerberus , if your device is rooted ) , you will have lost all control then . but even a rom-integrated solution would be gone as soon as a new rom is flashed . as long as it is still working , you could take a second device and follow the lost one . once in range that you should be able to see it , you could trigger the 5-minutes-permanent-ringer . in the hope for an " honest finder " , who should take this as a proof and hand your device back to you . do not wait too long , or the battery might be dead !
the app smart taskbar will show you a list of the all tasks ( apps ) that are currently running on your device and allow you to switch to that app , similar to the native functionality but you are not limited to the 6 most recent apps . basically it opens from any screen and also lets you set some shortcuts and widgets and choose from all installed apps ( like the app drawer ) so you can complete any task from anywhere on your phone without having to go to the home screen first . there are a bunch of other apps that let you switch between running apps , just search the market for " task switcher . "
assuming you were purchasing through android market ( app store is iphone ) , credit card payments are handled by google checkout . ( more info : http://market.android.com/support/bin/answer.py?hl=enanswer=105916 ) google checkout api is secure even though you will not see an https indicator like you would for ssl-enabled sites in a web browser ( e . g . the green location bar in internet explorer ) .
as the answer to are google books drm protected ? explains , acsm files are drm-protected , so you can only read them in the play books app itself , not in another ebook app . once you have " pinned " the book and it has downloaded , you can read it offline in the play books app .
open the people application ( it is the name of the contacts app in jelly bean ) and edit the entry for " me " . set your picture there .
so i only tried to replicate the issue for a few minutes but even when i got the recorder to stop recording ( opening the camera app forced the recorder to stop ) it saved the recording . i am not sure if you already looked on the sd card but if you have not try using es file explorer ( or other file explorer ) and go to " sdcard/my documents/my recordings " . . . thats where i found my recordings . maybe its still there .
from the htc support page : what is connected media and how do i use it ? this is a new application that allows you to play pictures , music and videos stored on your phone or on a media server to dlna supported device such as a tv , music player or even speakers . to access connected media all programs ( button on the lower-left of the screen ) > connected media . so , anything that is dlna compliant should show up as a connected device . here is more information on connected media from htc .
this has happened to me also . do a full wipe and flash the rom again . it takes around 5-10 mins for first boot .
seems like gandhicam is dead . . .
i am using a nexus 4 with new version of playstore . i can see a " share " button just below the " reviews " section . you can check once again if you have missed it : )
it is really up to the developer as to how to implement the location service . the full description is available here : http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/location/obtaining-user-location.html the graph about 1/3rd down the page is pretty useful to see what a typical app might do , but again , it is completely up to the app developer . the location service types are : cached fix cell-id wifi gps mock location if the app requests permission for coarse location only , it will not use the gps to determine location . to answer your questions . . . it is up to the individual app developer , but in most cases the sequence will be cached fix , cell-id , wifi , gps , in that order . yes , after acquiring the tower ids or ssids of the wifi signals , that data is transmitted to google to determine a rough location . no , google has done something really clever here . google has their own database of cell tower locations , and does not require an interaction with the carrier to determine the location of the tower . this article has some of the detail http://franciscokattan.com/2010/02/06/dynamic-cell-id-clever-way-to-block-google-but-will-it-backfire/ the short version is that , when you use an app like google maps , the app will send the current cell-id information back along with your current gps fix . in this way , google gets a very good sampling of the signal strengths in various locations , and is able to build a very rich database .
i finally solved the issue . it was related to my apn . my access point allowed only browsing . i changed it to another access point , and it worked !
launcher is a replacement for the home application ( the app that your phone switches to when you press the home button ) . it is basically the application that lets you switch screens , launch apps , view widgets , etc . other apps offer more home screens than the default , or different toolbars at the bottom of the screen offering different ways to quickly launch applications . these were very popular with the initial moto droid since it was basically the stock android 2.0 os which only had 3 home screens . with android 2.2 and the custom interfaces that handset manufacturers add on , the usefulness of these launcher apps may not be so obvious or necessary .
the following works for me on an htc incredible . hopefully your settings are similar . settings > language and keyboard > touch input > text input > prediction . you should be able to un-check prediction .
the lame encoder is useful for converting such files . pc applications can be found here : http://lame.sourceforge.net/links.html you can try another recorder , like hi-q mp3 recorder . this will record it immediately in mp3 format . you can use an online converter to do the job . try for example http://www.mediaconverter.org
i just downloaded the official google reader app from the market . no widget yet .
it is not currently possible yet with the official cwm ( v6.0.2.3 ) or twrp ( v2.6.3.0 ) : clockworkmod recovery v6.0.2 . x will throw this error . you have to update it to cwm 6.0.4.5 which is not yet available for the galaxy tab 2 , 10.1 ( gt-p5113 ) . the latest version of twrp 2.6.3.0 also has this error . cyanogenmod posted about this issue on google plus with old versions of cwm . however it is possible with an unofficial recovery here is a description of the problem you are encountering with android 4.4 , in short , the previously used set_perms method was deprecated and replaced by set_metadata . unfortunately , most of available recoveries didn’t allow users to flash these packages properly , and this has resulted in the following error message : set_metadata_recursive : some changes failed this means you will have to use a different recovery that supports set_metadata_recursive , one such recovery that worked for me was , philz-non-touch-recovery_6 _ ( advanced-cwm ) . tar . md5 it is based off of cwm base v6.0.4.5 . you can find a conversation about it here . what i did was boot into download mode : shut down the tablet . unplug the usb . hold volume up and power . let go of both after it boots and you see it is in download mode . plug in usb . then you are going to want to untar the archive you have downloaded , tar xvvf ./GT-P5110_PhilZ-NON-Touch-Recovery_6_\(Advanced-CWM\).tar.md5  and , finally flash it into the recovery partition , heimdall flash --RECOVERY recovery.img --no-reboot  now when you boot into recovery mode and you are in philz non touch recovery 6 , you will see the option to flash the cm11 . zip , or adb sideload it , which is what i did . footnotes the gt-p5110 for philz works with the gt-p5113 too ; i have the gt-p5113 and it worked fine . this tutorial will also work just fine with the gt-p5110 ( which i think has a official cwm that does this ) . on this page you can also find the download link for the gt-p5100 .
after months of not being able to debug through adb , i have figured it out . according to this answer on stack overflow , the program EasyTetherUSBEthernet can cause problems with adb . running this in terminal , with a reboot fixed all my problems . sudo kextunload -v /System/Library/Extensions/EasyTetherUSBEthernet.kextv  if you need to use EasyTetherUSBEthernet you can reload it using : sudo kextload -v /System/Library/Extensions/EasyTetherUSBEthernet.kext 
i know that you do not want to install any third party apps but without which you cannot get the language you want . for serbian try this app . visit this page to confirm the language support . " i would really like to avoid using third party keyboard , because this handset is very limited on resources . " which according to me is due to the less available memory on your device try to move your apps on the memory card ( micro sd card ) .
the progress bar being stuck for a while is not unusual as progress bars are fairly difficult to get right . an update taking more than half an hour , on the other hand , does not sound right to me . of course your phone could simply be slower at this task than mine .
ps : i have just talked to some of my friends and on their phone i disappeared from their favourites list automatically without manually refreshing . i have just received the following answer from whatsapp 's support team : hi there , thanks for confirming your account to be deleted within the whatsapp settings . your phone number has been deactivated and it is scheduled to be deleted within 30 days . therefore , please have your contacts refresh their favorites list so that you no longer appear as a whatsapp user . if you have any other questions or concerns , please feel free to contact us . we would be happy to help ! sad that my friends have to refresh their favourites list manually for me to be deleted . especially when exactly this is described by whatsapp 's faq to be done seemingly automatically when you delete your account : deleting your account will do the following : [ … ] delete you from your friends ' whatsapp favorites lists . [ … ]
a chromecast version of filmon is now available in the play store - it works perfectly !
try colornote , the size in the current version , according to google play is 716kb , it recently got online sync although i do not think there is web editing yet though .
please note : it is advised to follow this method only if you know what is root and agree that you are doing this at your own risk . i do not hold credit for this technique as this method has been taken from here and 100% credit goes to the respective author . requirements : a rooted android phone . busybox installed on your device . cygwin installed to [ c:\cygwin ] with pv and util-linux from the repo . make sure to open cygwin once to make sure that the /bin folder is created . also , i made a folder at [ c:\cygwin\nexus ] to put the exported . raw file . netcat ( download the zip file and extract nc . exe to [ c:\cygwin\bin ] ) . adb ( make sure adb . exe is in your path ) . enable usb debugging in your device . for android 4.0 and above do it from : settings > developer options > usb debugging . for android 2.3 and below do it from : settings > application > development > usb debugging . vhd tool put the vhdtool . exe file in [ c:\cygwin\nexus ] . piriform recuva or your favorite data recovery tool , ( it appears recuva only finds the more common file types like images , videos , etc . those were the file types in which i was interested . if you are after more exotic file types perhaps you might share the software you used ) . the process in short : this has been tested on samsung galaxy nexus though this should work for any phone with internal memory . we will be using a windows 7 machine to : back up the entire internal memory partition to your computer as a single , massive . raw file , convert the . raw file output to a vhd , mount the vhd as a disk in disk manager , scan the attached vhd volume for files that have been deleted and recover them . actual work to do : it is recommended that you choose to recover your entire memory block instead of just the data partition . in this case that is mmcblk0 . for our purpose here we are seeking to recover the userdata partition : /dev/block/mmcblk0p12 turn on your phone . connect the phone in adb mode . unlock the screen . open a cygwin terminal and enter ( this assumes your busybox installation is at [ /system/bin/busybox ] . it may be at [ /system/xbin/busybox ] ) : adb forward tcp:5555 tcp:5555 adb shell /system/bin/busybox nc -l -p 5555 -e /system/bin/busybox dd if=/dev/block/mmcblk0p12 open another cygwin terminal and enter : adb forward tcp:5555 tcp:5555 cd /nexus nc 127.0.0.1 5555 | pv -i 0.5 > mmcblk0p12 . raw for 16gb or 32gb internal memory this process is going to take 2 to 3+ hours respectively . we need to convert the . raw file to a virtual hard drive . vhdtool . exe basically just puts a vhd footer on the end of the . raw file . open a windows command prompt , go to [ c:\cygwin\nexus ] , and type : vhdtool . exe /convert mmcblk0p12 . raw now we need to mount the vhd in windows . select the start button--> right-click computer--> select manage . select storage--> disk management . in the menu select action--> attach vhd . for location enter [ c:\cygwin\nexus\mmcblk0p12 . raw ] and select the ok button . right-click on the name ( e . g . " disk 1" ) to the left of the unallocated space and select initialize disk . select the gpt ( guid partition table ) radio button and select the ok button . right-click on the unallocated space and select new simple volume . . . in the wizard select next> , leave the default for the volume size , select next> , select a drive letter ( e . g . k ) , select next> , make sure to select the ' do not format this volume ' radio button , select next> , select finish . a box will pop up asking you to format the drive . you do not want to format the drive at this time . right-click on the raw space and select format . . . make sure to change the file system to fat32 . set the allocation unit size dropdown to ' default . ' make sure that the perform a quick format checkbox is checked . you do not want to overwrite the entire new drive with all zeroes ( 0 's ) and destroy your data . quick format means that it will only attempt to destroy the index for the drive by establishing a new index . without this box checked the windows operating system will write zeroes ( 0 's ) across the entire volume , potentially destroying your data . select the ok button . a box will pop up saying that formatting this volume will erase all data on it . that would be doubly true if you actually did not check the ' perform a quick format ' checkbox . double check that you actually did check the box and select the ok button . ( do not worry . this essentially leaves the volume in the exact same state that your phone 's internal memory is living in right now : there is data on the drive . . . you just can not see it . it is coming back , i promise ! ) open the recuva application . in the wizard select the ' next > ' button . select the ' other ' radio button and select next > . select the ' in a specific location ' radio button and enter : k:\ ( assuming k is the drive letter you chose . . . ) select the next > button . select the enable deep scan checkbox . this is the magical setting that finds files that have been deleted . . . but not really deleted . select the start button . finally the application may take about an hour to do the ' deep scan . ' it is time for more laps around the house ! once the application has returned its results you can choose which files to recover using the checkboxes . select the ' recover . . . ' button and choose the location to which you wish to output your files .
try downloading and using a third-camera app from the market . the restriction is apparently on the stock camera app , not on the hardware ( the camera itself ) . i downloaded retro camera , and it is able to take a picture when my galaxy s is on low battery . that might not be the app you want , so do a search on the market with the keyword " camera " .
apparently the catalog has to support it . i never realized that the default catalogs with aldiko did not have a sorting by title as i always use the custom catalog drinkmalk and it does have a " by title/series " alphabetical ordering of books .
i have obtained an answer from mozilla support , so i post it here for the community . the feature seems to have been removed . however , any hack is welcome :- ) support said : using nightly you can find pre-installed search engines in ' settings ' → ' customize ' → ' search settings ' . i do not think there are plans to re-introduce disabling default search engines anymore . there are no plans to introduce removing pre-bundled search engines .
taking google 's music app as an example ( i would wager most others are implemented similarly ) , there are two distinct parts that constitute the app : the foreground processes and tasks that the user interacts with the background service that actually handles music playback point 2 can be verified in this android developer 's blog post wherein it is stated : music playback runs in a service to allow it to continue operating after the user leaves the music application . this distinction ends up being important when you remove an app from the recent tasks list . as covered in my answer to another question , the following is what happens when you swipe an app out of the list , as stated by android engineer dianne hackborn : actually , removing an entry in recent tasks will kill any background processes that exist for the process . it will not directly causes services to stop , however there is an api for them to find out the task was removed to decide if they want this to mean they should stop . this is so that removing say the recent task of an e-mail app will not cause it to stop checking for e-mail . in this case , that means that the foreground tasks of the music app are being stopped , but the background service ( evidently ) chooses to continue running . this is a product of the way the app is implemented , so you simply will not be able to stop music playback by swiping the app out of the list . instead , you can try the following from the recent apps list ( also covered in the above linked answer ) : if you really want to completely stop an app , you can long press on recent tasks to go to app info , and hit force stop there .
from what i can tell from research you should be able to download the ruu from here and run it . this requires a windows computer as it is a . exe file . download the file to your computer , plug your phone in to your computer and run the file . it should return your phone to the latest factory shipped os and remove root .
have had a look at the kmsg , and logcat , the logcat was showing this : am wondering is there an issue with the camera , as matter of interest , when taking a snapshot with the camera , it usually plays back an audio clip of sound of " snapshot " when the button is pressed ? this is coinciding with the oops : so my guess is that the media player , somewhere , between qualcomm hardware that controls the camera , and the playback crashed . am hedging bets on the kernel 's camera itself . . . best to post this on cm 's forum to see if this is known issue .
so there are still some differences between the factory images and aosp builds . here are some of the differences i know : " gesture typing " feature is missing in aosp builds as noted by jbq here . " photosphere " feature is missing in aosp , as noted here . the various google apps do not come included with aosp ( play store , gmail , maps , google now , etc ) . i am sure you can hunt down more differences by going through threads in the ' android-building ' mailing list . a last note on the differences by one of the gatekeepers of aosp . edit : actually , i think you can easily compile a more thorough list of the differences between factory and aosp images . the following commands may be of use to you : adb shell pm list packages adb shell pm list libraries adb shell pm list features adb shell pm adb shell am  there is more information regarding these commands at http://developer.android.com/tools/help/adb.html#pm the following answers are added for posterity 's sake , since they are somewhat related : what&#39 ; s the difference between an aosp rom and a stock rom ? what is the difference between aosp/vanilla and stock ? i did not find much use out of them , but someone else may . i will add some comparisons between factory , aosp , and cyanogenmod later . i will be testing it on the Nexus 7 (grouper) , it may differ slightly for other devices .
battery indicator pro or a similar alternative might help . in addition to showing the remaining battery in numbers , it also tries to " guesstimate " the remaining minutes , depending on light/medium/heavy usage .
you can buy them from the website without downloading them . any apps purchased through amazon . com simply get added to your account . i think that is the best you can really do .
as far as i know ( not from us/ca ) the p999 is a t-mobile g2x device with vanilla android , whereas p990 is lg optimus 2x . the specs are mostly similar but there are certain differences , such as the os customization . maybe a custom rom will bring the functionality to the g2x as well .
i tried to download the link using chrome for android several times , but it always disappears . like i have been telling myself before , android for chrome is not mature enough and lacking in ( so many ) features . i would suggest installing a 3rd-party browser like dolphin or boat , which are both highly-customizable . i downloaded the mp3 file successfully using boat ( which is my main browser ) , and it appears in my download folder .
wikipedia mentions that this feature exists , but i can not seem to find it in either chrome nor in chrome beta .
when you hold the home key and tap power , it takes a screenshot . unfortunately sometimes lag causes the home press to be delayed/extended , so if you press it and let go before hitting power it will still happen sometimes . the original sgs suffers from this issue as well , though it uses home+back . i would try the same workaround i propose in my answer to that question : go to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Running Services and click on ScreenCaptureService to end it . you will have to do this every time you boot up your phone , unless you get a task killer or can remove it somehow , though either of those may have other side effects .
" hboot " mode is something of a misnomer , really , that i usually see when people mean " reboot into your hboot menu " . i think the reason these got conflated to each other is because Fastboot mode activates by default when you land on hboot on most ( possibly all ) htc phones . they do exist separately , though , as devices without an hboot menu can still have a fastboot mode . this is definitely a little confusing , though , since what is really happening is that you are getting rebooted into hboot which is then immediately loading fastboot . you should be able to get to the bootloader 's main screen by selecting Bootloader from the fastboot screen . essentially , though , hboot is just a bootloader , which gives you the ability to chain-boot into several other partitions or modes ( including fasboot ) . i say it is not really a " mode " because it does not really allow for any interaction , it just loads and waits for you to choose something else from the menu ( with one exception , see below ) . hboot also has the ability to install a properly named and signed zip file if placed on the root of your sd card , which it will attempt to do right after the bootloader has fully loaded . this seems to have been designed as a sort of last-ditch reflash method , and used to be a part of several manual rooting methods on htc phones ( which is now largely unnecessary ) . the exact naming convention depends on your device , but they are usually of the form PC[some number]IMG.zip . fastboot mode is the state your device goes into so that it can accept fastboot commands , which largely deal with manually flashing partitions on the device . notably , you can flash unsigned partition images when in fastboot . it is handy for recovery purposes , but also useful for development and generally hacking around ( depending on what you are doing ) . you can read a bit about the details of fastboot here . your " recovery mode " ( or recovery partition ) is different from hboot . it is a separate partition on your device which contains a very basic kernel and gui that can be used to repair and/or restore your system , with the features varying depending on the exact recovery you are using . typically a manufacturer will ship their devices with their own " stock " recovery , but there are many custom ones available which are more robust . there is a related android enthusiasts question which also discusses this .
cyanogenmod roms has a feature that by long pressing the back button you can kill the running process .
i finally was able to get adb enabled on the beagleboneblack . below is my solution with some debugging pointers . i downloaded and created ad ti-android jb image from scratch . when i booted the beagleboneblack with this image adb worked as expected . below are some of the outputs . lsusb output for the jb image built using latest rowboat files ( jan-2014 ) note : 18d1:d002 google inc . dmesg output for the jb image built using latest rowboat files ( jan-2014 ) note : idvendor= 18d1 idproduct= d002 following is the lsusb output for bbb-angstrom note : 1d6b:0104 linux foundation multifunction composite gadget dmesg output for beagleboneblack ( bbb ) -angstrom note : idvendor= 1d6b , idproduct= 0104 ( as suggested by dan hulme ) edit Command: Sudo ./adb devices Response: List of devices attached ????????? no permission Solution: sudo ./adb kill-server sudo ./adb start-server  from eclipse reference : android error : failed to install * . apk on device *: timeout
as geff described , you cannot avoid a wipe/factory-reset . but you can do a proper backup beforehand , so you can restore most of your data afterwards . this should work without any trouble for the apps you have installed yourself ( "user apps" ) , while special care must be taken for pre-installed apps ( "system apps" ) : as data structures ( inside their databases ) might have changed , a simple restore ( replacing the databases ) might break things and even render those apps unusable . provided your device is rooted , titanium backup is a good choice . backup all " user apps " and their data , plus the " system apps " and their data . special care on restore : " user apps " can be restored 1:1 . before goint to the " system apps " , make sure to turn on tb 's " migration " mode . then restore only data , and do so one-by-one , after each " data set " verifying there are no side-effects . an alternative to be named is helium backup , which even works on non-rooted devices . safest is to stick to your " user apps " , and let contacts etc . solve via sync . for several things like sms , there are special backup/restore solutions which you could use .
do not use the phone until you try this you can retrieve the files you deleted . those files are still in the memory of your phone just not visible , the data is waiting to be written over by new data . so from now on do not use the phone to take any more pics , to save anymore data , music , or installing any apps until recover has been done . the extensions of the hidden files will be different than normal . when recovering look for the ext that the files were hidden under . then the best way to retrieve your deleted files , is to use a recovery program . download and install the recovery program on your computer . with the phone plugged into usb , goto " my computer " , note the drive letter assigned to your phone . start the program and select the drive letter that was assigned to the phone , click " start " . now the scanning process will automatically start to look for the deleted files . the returning results are all recoverable items . select a location to save your files at . select the files you want recovered , click " recover "
here are the locations you can try to back up : however , if you are trying to install ics a complete wipe is most definitely required . generally , re-partitioning the internal memory should wipe its contents . i would try manually re-flashing recovery , wiping the device completely ( system , data , cache , and dalvik cache ) and re-flashing the rom . if you do manage to salvage any app data , i would highly recommend not restoring it on the new rom , as that can lead to problems , especially if you are backing up to fat/ntfs drive ( linux file permissions are lost . )
for using custom ringtones , i suggest rings extended app along with any file manager to browse the contents of your sd card . this will allow you to pick any supported sound file to be used as a ringtone in any app . in google+ app , go to menu -> settings . under " ringtone " you can select the wav file ( pick " rings extended " when prompted , and navigate to wherever you saved the file ) , and " notification settings " will give you finer control of which actions will trigger the notifications . i do not use facebook , but i imagine the app has similar controls in its settings .
is that true ? yes , this is true . the usa is currently using the 700 , 800 ( sprint only , i think ) , 1700 and 1900 mhz bands for lte service , whereas european providers are using 800 , 900 , 1800 , and 2600 mhz ( wikipedia ) . if it is true , can the us variant be persuaded to work in the uk , 4g-wise ? i am not shy of flashing custom roms and so forth . no . the frequency limitation is not set by the software - it is the antenna . flashing custom roms will not allow you to access frequencies that the antenna is physically unable to support , so there is nothing you can do short of modifying the hardware . i am assuming that it will work without issue on 3g ? this could potentially depend slightly on which specific variant you want , i suppose . the at and t one supports 850 , 1900 , and 2100 mhz frequencies , the t-mobile usa one also supports 1700 on top of the other three . according to this table , t-mobile uk uses the 2100 mhz band , so either should be compatible with their 3g service in that case .
i can give you one suggestion . based on the what you have posted and based on what i understand do the following thing . * . backup all your data through bluetooth and do a settings reset . (Settings --&gt; Privacy --&gt; Settings reset) . and try to connect to computer using your usb setup . if still no help do the next step * . do a factory reset . (Settings --&gt; Privacy --&gt; Factory data reset). if still no help then that might be hardware issue . go to any samsung customer service center . they might replace only the pins section .
problem i have been recently using my beats tour with my htc one . it was working fine and then it stopped working . first i thought either my phone had a problem or the earphones . i thought of claiming my warranty but , before that i did following tests : plugged different earphones in my htc one from apple , samsung and htc . all worked fine . plugged my beats earphone with iphone , ipod and my computer . it was working fine too . analysis then i compared the connector of beats earphone with others . i noticed a potential design flaw with both beats connector and htc one : beats earphone connector radius is slightly smaller than normal earphone connectors . htc one internal connector was pushed in more when plugging and unplugging earphone . ( i do not exactly know words to explain this but , this usually happens with electronics when using cheap materials ) . solution as i am sure both htc and beats will not be accepting these facts . i recommend you to buy a short extender . i connected my extender to my htc one and beats earphone and it worked like expected . i am not sure if we lose quality when using a cheaper extender .
the only way to add more widget is to install an application that allow their widgets to be used on the lockscreen . developers need to specify if their widgets can be used on the launcher , the lockscreen or both . so , if a widget is available on the launcher but not on the lockscreen , i am afraid that you can not use it on the lockscreen . ( but you could mail the developer so he makes his widget available on the lockscreen ) . as said in the comments , a xposed module is available for rooted to user that enable all widgets on lock screen : gravitybox
questions for you : did you install an app recently ? what app did you last install ? how long was that going on for ? have you checked with your sprint provider ? you are not getting charged for those incoming messages ? it sounds like mal-ware , but do not wish to raise alarm nor fear in you , but by answering my questions above to ascertain it . quite possibly , it sounds like a scam , if you were to reply innocently like " who are you ? " you could be charged premium rates for sending it . as for the gibberish , its likely in a language that is not recognized by your handset hence the font shows the " gibberish " character as a result . if all else fails , try a factory reset the handset at last resort . edit : based on your edit , it sounds like its stopped for a good while due to perhaps its hit the threshold limit of how many sms to be stored , then when you went to delete them , more kept coming in . the apps do seem legit . . btw : ) would you not suggest try this , download this app called ' history eraser ' from google play , to wipe out the history of the sms , just that specifically alone , and nothing else . see if that helps . if more are still coming in , then i hate saying this , factory reset the handset to clear out whatever it is that is causing the jam .
ultimately i plugged the kindle into my macbook instead of my ubuntu machine , and it mounted it just fine . no idea what the issue is with my desktop - all other devices on the hub work fine , switching ports changed nothing , etc etc . if your device will not mount , try it with a different computer . for some reason .
this will be my way of checking the 3g connectivity issues . might work for you too . first try to reset the apn . follow the steps here if you do not know how . restart your phone . if it did not work , try forcing the phone to 3g . in your dialer , enter *#*#3646#*#* -> phone information -> select wcdma only in the drop down menu . this should make your phone work only in 3g . try testing your speeds via speedtest for bandwidth . if both steps did not solve your problem , try using a different sim in which 3g is working . if this solves your problem , replace the sim from customer care . even now your problem is not solved , try factory reset your phone . warning : this will reset everything in your phone including pictures , take a backup of your phone before proceeding further . if none of the above solves your problem , take it to your htc customer care to check them for hardware defect .
homepipe is one such service . subsonic is an open source server / web based solution . a free alternative solution is ampcache / amdroid
outside of email and the browser , you can only copy text from editable text fields , so you can not directly copy text from other people 's tweets in the twitter app . workaround : install copy to clipboard from the market . this integrates with the ' share ' menu . by sharing a tweet to this app it will copy the text to you clipboard .
most video recording apps are imho limited to 1h non-stop recording , as you can find with a simple google search , which is probably a safety measure to not let you run out of battery -- as video recording is the biggest consumer ( see what can i do to increase battery life on my android device ? ) . however , a developer can have his app overriding this limit ( see max duration for capture video on android on stack overflow ) -- so you might just have to find a video recording app which has this setting increased ( as e.g. one eye browser in this linked pro-version ) .
the adb backup command will not work fully on an unrooted device as it will attempt to backup things like the /system partition , and without root access the phone will deny you this for safety reasons . i am glad to hear running it with the -nosystem flag worked out for you : ) if you want to do a complete backup you need to be rooted . the /system partition , according to this page : contains the entire operating system , other than the kernel and the ramdisk . this includes the android user interface as well as all the system applications that come pre-installed on the device . wiping this partition will remove android from the device without rendering it unbootable , and you will still be able to put the phone into recovery or bootloader mode to install a new rom . this means that your backup does not include anything related to your operating system , only your apps and their settings . if you decide to root your device , you can create a very solid backup from cwm recovery where all partitions are backed up to the sdcard on the device , including the system and boot partitions .
if you need to do s-on , flash that before flashing the ruu . other than that , just keep in mind that the ruu will wipe your phone .
if you are running the htc sense ui , then it should already be disabled . otherwise check this blog post for a . zip you can flash to disable it .
bearing in mind i am using cyanogenmod6 + google apps your mileage may vary - but i can access my my maps as follows : open google maps ( the application , not the full site ) click menu select layers select more layers select my maps and your maps should be displayed job done [ edit ] looks like i would installed the wrong google apps package when i flash my rom last night , ( tiny instead of medium ) , and the updated version has the layers button up next to the search bar - so i do not need to open the menu ( step 2 ) anymore .
just use the gmail app and not the email app . you can select what email to send from -- it shows all the addresses you have set up in gmail -- and has a surprising number of gmail 's features for a mobile app . it does go through gmail 's servers and you will have your archive . i do not think you can set up and manage pop accounts from it , but if you are not abandoning the web interface entirely then it does not matter .
the most obvious explanation is that the file is incomplete : there is only a small fraction of the file there , or only the first section of the file is readable . given that the symptoms you report in your other question point to sd card failure , that seems the most likely cause for this too . if this is a different sd card , it could be that the card itself is not at fault : rather , whatever you are using to copy files to the card could be corrupting the filesystem , or a dodgy usb connection to a card reader could be interrupting file transfers .
" to turn on automatic updating ? " i highly doubt there is an intent for this - that is a user setting and android does not generally allow apps to change user settings . i think the best solution is to , first , manually turn on the auto-updates feature of the play store , and set it to wifi only , and second , launch the play store when you connect to the desired hotspot . just launching it will typically cause it to perform any pending updates . i am not sure how you specify this in tasker or llama , but you can launch the play store by sending an intent that requests that a play store url be launched ( e . g . the url of a play store app or publisher ) , e.g. new intent ( intent . action_view , uri . parse ( " http://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id= "+appname ) ) more info about that is here . finally , you should go to the wifi settings and mark your home wifi network as metered . whoops . i have seen that setting in the api docs here but now i can not find a way for a user to set it . maybe that is only available for cell networks , or maybe that is coming in future versions of android ( the api was just added recently ) .
android as a platform does not have any equivalent to gamecenter currently . some android games use openfeint for leaderboards and achievements , but it is not an official standard of any kind and it is not implemented in the angry birds games specifically . other games choose to implement their own leaderboard systems ( pewpew does this , for example ) .
the fastest way i have found is to actually swipe from the " m/ ? " or " z/ ! " keys directly to the space bar . that'll insert a punctuation mark and then a space . in the same fashion , you can insert a period or a comma . the other similar shortcut i use creates an " 's " by swiping from the apostrophe to the " s " . some similar suggestions can be found in swype 's online reference , specifically in the " swype gestures " section of http://www.swype.com/tips/advanced-tips/.
it is impossible . you can only use sense ui on a rom that incorporates it . to regain it you will either need to return to your stock htc rom or see if there are any other roms that support sense .
no drivers are needed for adb devices in linux . the adb binary uses libusb to access the device . all you need to do is add device 's usb vendor id to ~/.android/adb_usb.ini
the situation seems to be improved in the android 2.2 update .
your question made me try to use the same configuration . solution generate your key pair in openssh key file format , i used my linux workstation :  ssh-keygen -t rsa -C "KEYNAME"  ( i left passphrase empty but i think it will work with it too , add the public key to your host :  cat ~/.ssh/id_rsa.pub &gt;&gt; ~/.ssh/authorized_keys  ( assuming that is the same machine you want to connect to ) copy private key id_rsa to your phone and use that one . : ) i found the clue on logcat :  W/System.err(27250): com.jcraft.jsch.JSchException: invalid privatekey: /sdcard/key.ppk  and this answer brought me in the right direction . how to copy private key from connectbot export workaround only private keys without passphrase can be copied , so you can change password and set it empty , this key is not compatible with es file explorer .
the solution was to go to the android play home page while logged in to my account . under settings ( gear icon ) , there is an option to open the android device manager . within that interface , there is a drop down to select devices . my phone was listed there . with the phone selected , i opted to " ring " it , which it did , and then from that point on my phone became available as an option when installing apps from a computer based browser .
buy it on the amazon android app store . they are matching the prices of the android market and its lets you download it . just gives you a warning that you may be purchasing a game that does not work with your device . and , as of today ( 12/11 ) its still $ . 10
you do not need to compile the source code to get an idea of what aosp looks like ; if you download the android emulator , it includes a default device image that is just aosp plus a few developer tools , without any of the google services . this sums up to : the linux kernel , dalvik vm , java libraries , and android framework stock launcher ( including the various lock screens ) stock keyboard stock browser ( not chrome ) calculator calendar ( syncs to exchange ) camera clock download manager email ( syncs to imap and pop ) gallery ( which also include a media player ) messaging music ( not play music ) people phone search ( local apps , people , and the web via google , not google now ) settings various app widgets almost all of the essential android framework are part of aosp ( e . g . intent system , permission system , activity/service system , content provider system , app widget system , daydream system , standard ui elements , notification bar , dalvik vm , jit compiler , java standard libraries ( apache harmony ) , opengl and renderscript , multimedia framework , connectivity framework , gps , sensors , etc ) . the only significant part of the framework that are not aosp is google cloud messaging , which handles push service , and play store services , which provides application updates , in-app billing , and game services . since these services are highly dependant on google servers , they cannot really be a part of aosp . all of the android development tools are also part of aosp . some important google apps that are not part of aosp includes gmail , google maps , youtube , google now , google+ , chrome , hangout , and play store . here are some screenshots taken from android 4.3 emulator : the launcher , with some stock widgets , enough said : all the apps in aosp pretty much fits into one page , this has been the case since early android : all the widgets :
phone updates are an odd thing . manufacturers decide if the phone is capable of handling the update ( based on the device 's hardware ) and carriers decide when to push the updates to the handsets . there are exceptions , such as wifi only devices , where it is solely up to the manufacturer . however , system updates are generally a good thing . these updates bring bug fixes , security patches , and general improvements to the android experience . there have been some bad updates , that have broke existing features ; but these have been fixed within a few days and are few and far between on recent devices . but how to decide ? if you are hesitant at all to install the update , do some searching for the device and update . technology sites such as gizmodo and engadget post updates to many devices , especially if the update introduces problems . there are also many android specific blogs that post information of patches and updates . if no one is reporting problems then the update should be fine to install .
the original link is dead . i pulled this short guide from way back machine , copied here : with the first few official pre-alpha builds of cyanogenmod 7 being released , it’s worth noting that a new feature has been included that allows you to change the hostname on your device from the settings menu . if you have a supported device , you can get the nightly builds from the teamdouche mirror system . once you’ve flashed ( i take no responsibility if you break something – make sure to read up on issues/pitfalls/requirements before flashing ) , open the settings menu , then choose applications , then development , and select device hostname at the bottom . this setting persists between reboots and rom upgrades ( unless you wipe ) . warning : i accept no responsibility if you brick your phone while doing this . i ditched my iphone due to problems my local provider was having and got an htc dream instead . i promptly rooted it using the cyanogen mod , but noticed that by default , android reports the hostname as ‘localhost’ . i don’t really like this , so i set about finding an easy way to change it . first off , even rooted , the / partition is mounted read-only when you boot normally , so you need to boot to recovery mode ( home+power ) . in the recovery menu , choose to boot to console . from there , browse to /system/etc/init . d . important : make a backup of ’05userinit’ before continuing ! you can do this by simply running the following command – ‘cp 05userinit /05userinit’ ( without quotes ) . this will create a copy of it in the / directory . if you screw up your editing , you can just rm the messed up version and cp the backup back in . to add the command to set the host name , we’re simply going to echo in the following two lines : echo &gt;&gt; 05userinit echo hostname NEWHOSTNAME &gt;&gt; 05userinit  note that there are two spaces after the first ‘echo’ command . this creates a blank line at the end of the file . the second echo adds the hostname command . this way , whenever your phone boots , the hostname is set . also , be sure to use two greater-than signs ( &gt ; ) , as that appends – if you only use one , it overwrites the contents of the file . make sure the edits are correct by typing ‘tail 05userinit’ – as long as it isn’t blank , and there’s more than just the hostname line , you’re golden . reboot the phone by typing ‘reboot’ at the prompt and hitting ‘enter’ , and you’re done . once you’ve booted back up , open up your terminal emulator of choice and type ‘hostname’ ( by itself , no parameters ) – it should echo out whatever hostname you specified . update ( april 6th , 2010 ) : to change your hostname on cyanogen 5 . x , add the following line to the bottom of /system/etc/init . d/01sysctl — and make sure you make a backup of 01sysctl before editing it ! echo NEWHOSTNAME &gt; /proc/sys/kernel/hostname 
in android , afaik , when you connect to an active wi-fi network , mobile data ( gprs , 3g , etc ) will be disabled ( even if are turned on ) temporary . so it would be ok to just connect to the wi-fi network . but , if you want to be sure about disabling mobile data , you should go to settings -> wi-fi and networks -> mobile data and uncheck the option to disable mobile data . ( in ics it is in settings -> wireless and networks -> more -> mobile networks )
juicedefender allows you to turn your radio on and off and to set triggers for this . tasker will also do this . one thing to note , the "3g " radio is the same radio that you use to make voice calls , at least it is on cdma phones . by controlling the apn you can turn on and off your 3g data and reap gains in battery life without turning off the radio . i am not 100% on this but i believe for phones that are not yet on froyo ( 2.2 ) an app is required to control the apn like apndroid or quicksettings . i am not sure how well these work with the automated trigger apps mentioned above .
you can use an app like wavepad audio editing app . it is said to have the ability to work with multiple audio files . if you do not mind adverts , there is a free version for this software as well .
stock froyo ? no , not at the moment . custom rom ? take a look at xda forums , there are some roms currently in progress , but might be unstable on your phone .
one of the apps you have a picture of , the venerable gps status and toolbox , describes this claim in the app description : keep your gps fast : reset it or download a-gps data regularly for faster fixes wikipedia does a great job defining the basic concepts behind assisted-gps : standalone gps provides first position in approximately 30–40 seconds . a standalone gps system needs orbital information of the satellites to calculate the current position . the data rate of the satellite signal is only 50 bit/s , so downloading orbital information like ephemeris and almanac directly from satellites typically takes a long time , and if the satellite signals are lost during the acquisition of this information , it is discarded and the standalone system has to start from scratch . in agps , the network operator deploys an agps server . these agps servers download the orbital information from the satellite and store it in the database . an agps capable device can connect to these servers and download this information using mobile network radio bearers such as gsm , cdma , wcdma , lte or even using other wireless radio bearers such as wi-fi . usually the data rate of these bearers is high , hence downloading orbital information takes less time . if your phone 's a-gps cache is corrupt or stale , forcing a refresh can be beneficial . normally , android does in fact take care of maintaining this cache automatically . i have personally only used this app to help diagnose and solve gps problems , something it does very well . in normal usage i would not bother with the a-gps cache until you find it needs intervention .
regular android messaging apps tend to disallow files other than image/video . i use tmail by phonelight available from google play store : tmail breaks the restrictions of all the messaging apps . it is the only app that allows the user to attach any kind of file to an mms message . you are now not limited to image , audio or video file . tmail has expanded the mms capability . you can use the trial version to test it . the unlimited version costs 0,81€ .
you probably have to use odin . i have done it myself , and it worked for me . i used it to root my phone ( sgs2 ) . i have postponed it for months , afraid it would brick my phone , but it did not . make a backup of all important data . find a good manual on youtube , xda-developers or via google . compare them , and see what they say . be prepared that it can go wrong . if it goes wrong , it could mean that your phone is bricked . i have a friend who bricked his samsung phone , and samsung repaired it without making problems over a rooted phone . google will not update your phone . samsung has to prepare an update because of phone specific drivers and their own specific apps . that is the only official way to update , and if samsung does not make that update , there is no alternative but to use a rom .
this seemed to solve itself . after trying again just now , it worked . must have been a server-side thing . sorry i can not help anyone else that has this issue .
samsung galaxy player 4.0 is not actually a phone per se , so it is hard to use it as such ( without some help at least ) : any of the following solutions answers your question the way you intended it to be answered , but this is the result of a deep investigation and testing that might help you or help others in the future . 1 ) just like a bluetooth handset : with a fair amount of limitations , you can pair the galaxy player to your smartphone just like pairing a bluetooth headset : turn on bluetooth on both devices , make the galaxy player discoverable , and scan with the phone . once the devices recognized each other and got paired , the player shows up connected to the phone . when a call gets to the smartphone , the galaxy player will ring as well . the screen does look just like the incoming call screen on a smartphone , providing an option to answer or decline the call . initiating a call from the smartphone , will automatically activate the galaxy player , just like it would with a bluetooth headset . if the galaxy player and your smartphone are close together , lets say it the same room , the call has a good quality , just like if you were talking on your phone . the power consumption for this solution is very low , so its a thumbs up as well . sadly , the contacts list on the galaxy player will do you no good , since it actually can not initialize any calls . 2 ) using wifi : one tested alternative with a very lost cost can be signing up with a service that directs texts and/or calls to the galaxy player . e.g. , google voice , see the international calling rates the only drawback using any service like google voice on the galaxy player is that you can only receive/send text messages and calls when connected to wi-fi , unlike a normal phone . google voice is a feature-rich call forwarding service . you get one phone number that will ring all of your phones ( cell or landline ) . with it , you can receive voicemails and text messages ( no multimedia messages/mms , though ) . being a part of your google account , you have access to all of your messages ; call logs and more . google voice @ google play 3 ) using voip signing up with a service with a voip solution , it is possible to make actual calls from the galaxy player ( or any device with speaker and microphone ) . e.g. , line2 , see the plans comparison this service does not get you stuck to a contract , extra fees or a period of time . so , if a better solution appear in the future , you can stop using it immediately .
the short answer is that managed items are items that can only be purchased once per user and that google play keeps track of their purchase , unmanaged items are not tracked by google play and they can be purchased multiple times . a fuller description is given in google 's in-app billing version 2 : managed per user account — items that can be purchased only once per user account on google play . when a user purchases an item that uses the " managed per user account " product type , google play permanently stores the transaction information for each item on a per-user basis . this enables you to later query google play to restore the state of the items a specific user has purchased . if a user attempts to purchase a managed item that has already been purchased , google play prevents the user from purchasing the item again and displays an " item already purchased " error . the " managed " product type is useful if you are selling items such as game levels or application features . these items are not transient and usually need to be restored whenever a user reinstalls your application , wipes the data on their device , or installs your application on a new device . unmanaged — items that do not have their transaction information stored on google play . this means that you cannot later query google play to retrieve transaction information for those items . for " unmanaged " purchases , you are responsible for managing the transaction information . also , google play does not attempt to prevent the user from purchasing an item multiple times if it uses the " unmanaged " product type . it is up to you to control how many times an unmanaged item can be purchased . the " unmanaged " product type is useful if you are selling consumable items , such as fuel or magic spells . these items are consumed within your application and are usually purchased multiple times . note that only version 2 of the in-app billing deals with both managed and unmanaged , version 3 only deals with the managed in-app product type .
right now it is not possible to sync through play video , however , you may soon be able to purchase movies from the market and have them stay in the cloud until needed . you could try alternatives such as box , or dropbox , ( there are many competitors in this file-locker space ) , they allows you to sync nearly anything across devices . google video , at least on my xoom , will pick up movies out of any folder without the . nomedia file in it . ( edited to remove falsehood of no google services allowing syncing : ) )
yes , any phone that has a front-facing camera and is running gingerbread ( android 2.3 . x ) and above will be able to join and initiate hangouts with the latest version of google+ app .
see if your friend created a backup of your phone - that is a suggested step in lots of root instructions , and it is possible he did this so you can just re-add the missing application . assuming this was not done though , you may want to just start over . the following webpage has information on using odin ( samsung service application ) to restore the original software to your phone . it looks like it covers all the regional variants , you will need to read carefully to find the applicable software and process for your region . if you provide more regional information , i will see if i can find more precise steps . https://galaxy551.wordpress.com/2012/01/08/the-stock-rom-and-odin-thread/ update : i do not speak the language and the google translate is very sloppy - so i may be misunderstanding this thread . hopefully you speak the language . for a brazilian phone , this forum thread has steps for installing a rooted stock 2.3.4 update ( sounds like a prerelease leak of an official rom , which are common to samsung devices ) and reply #8 in the thread also gives steps for installing the 2.2 version that you have installed right now . update #2: since i started replying , that forum stopped responding . hopefully just a temporary glitch , but just in case , here 's another page i found that includes links to download the brazilian software .
from this post , it seems that only very specific conditions seem to trigger this bug . also , afaik , this only seems to affect the default messaging app , using a replacement like handcent seems to be the way to go . more info on the bug here . specifically , there is something about certain email-to-sms messages that corrupts android 's sqlite database , causing unpredictable results thereafter . the most commonly cited offender is alerts sent by bank of america , though sms alerts sent by linkedin and t-mobile are also cited . it is possible that any sms where the sender is an email address will do the trick , or it is possible there is something else these specific senders ' messages have in common . to be clear : if you have never received one of these corrupting messages , you will never be able to reproduce the bug . that is why it is only affecting a small group of android users . if you have fallen prey to the issue , you should be able to fix it by performing a hard reset ( wiping all data ) and then blocking the offending sender ( s ) from sending you texts in the future .
the file is not encrypted , unless your specify so when creating the backup . it is however compressed ( using deflate ) . you can find out the exact format by looking at android source ( com/android/server/backupmanagerservice . java ) code , and , technically , should be able to extract specific data from it . however , iirc , there are some file integrity checks in place , so it most probably will not work if you just delete a bunch of data from it . unfortunately the restore command does not seem to have an option to restore a particular app/package only or exclude a package .
i am not sure how you had do that with the built-in file manager , but there are several file managers that will work . i use root explorer , and i have heard many other recommend astro file manager ( which has a free version , i believe ) . they should work if you have the superuser app installed ( i would assume it comes with cm , but it is in the market if not ) .
installing wifi keyboard as suggested by gathrawn made input much easier .
i would put it into the keyboard 's user dictionary . there are a few clipboard/snippet manager application , you might be interested if you need to store longer texts : clipper text snippet lite ime
if geffchang 's answer did not work , you can try this at a last resort . system setting > apps > all > email > deactivate . however , this not only removes the account you wanted to remove but also all other accounts .
use xperia notes app . this allows you to add texts , draw pictures and record audios as well . it also has a widget . but the app may not be compatible with your device .
looking through the hyperdrive rom page for note 3 at xda , power menu toggle can be adjusted by the following steps . open the application Hyperdrive Tweaks included in the rom . in the app goto General Mods &gt; Extended Power Menu select the options you want for power menu toggles viz ( shut down / restart / recovery etc ) . however , i cannot find out where to disable the volume settings control from the power button , my assumption would be under audio mods of hyperdrive tweaks . reading further down in the thread , few have mentioned that enabling the power toggle in the hyperdrive tweaks app should override the current volume control toggle behaviour by power button ( long press ) .
apparently , " this is not a user-configurable option right now " . i am not sure if that is a general android problem , or a specific cyanogenmod one . totally clueless about why , of course .
you can obtain the adb and fastboot utilities as part of the android software development kit ( or separately from third parties , but watch out for trojan binaries ) . if you install the sdk , you will need to install the platform tools and ( if using windows ) the usb driver for windows . once you have them , from whatever source , this is what you will do : reboot the phone to the bootloader ( fastboot ) : adb reboot bootloader  adb may not work if the phone has not previously been placed in usb debugging mode . in this case , boot the phone to fastboot mode by first powering it off , then powering it on by holding all three of the power , volume up and volume down keys at the same time for two seconds , then releasing all three keys , then touching volume down twice , then volume up once . check to see if the phone is in fastboot mode . if it does not show anything , wait a few seconds and try again : fastboot devices  wipe the user data/cache : fastboot -w 
there bitter truth is there is none option to switch all automatic updated off in one go . i solved my particular problem by rooting the phone . since no exploit is known for 2.3.4 i had to unlock the phone . this in turn meant that both amazon mp3 and google books stopped updating themselves . which is one way to solve the problem . still i removed the files using the following script : warning : this is script from the “if you can not understand it you should not be using it” category .
no , apps cannot be installed on sim . what you describe are rather sim services . afaik you can use those with the " sim toolkit " app only ( which is where you also should find your &lt;operator-name-here&gt; , and where you should be able to see what is installed there ) . as long as you did not actively subscribe to any of those services , they should simply stay dormant and never bother you . last time i have checked for those must be 10 years ago , on my old nokia . i never encountered them afterwards , though not ( un ) installing anything on/from sim . neither i ever heard about " automatic sms " . even service sms must be approved by the user before being executed . but as many of those services are rather a kind of " sms mailing lists " , could it be that should mean " please subscribe to one of them " ?
one possibility would be to prefix all numbers in your contact list by *31# ( which turns the callerid on for that call only ) , while having callerid disabled in your settings . depending on whether the phone app is intelligent enough to detect this as to not belonging to the number , incoming calls should still be matched fine ( you could of course first try it out with one number to check ) . second possibility is the other way around : having callerid globally enabled , and prefix manually entered numbers by #31# . being unsure which method to use , take a third option and a look at prefixer , which should be able to do the one or the other for you -- depending on how you configure that app .
this happened to me again . the process of unlocking was as follows : - call the android phone from a normal phone - pick up the phone - press the options button - click the button to add someone to the call - press the " go back " button it should return you to the home page . after that , setup pattern unlock . it only uses the touch-screen , so it works with a broken lock button .
i decided to look up some data , and my guess seems to be correct : http://nesl.ee.ucla.edu/fw/documents/reports/2007/poweranalysis.pdf according to the report , bluetooth takes the least amount of energy . however your 3g radio will probably take the most energy ; maintaining a 3g connection without transferring any data is cheap , but once you start sending/receiving data , then it trumps even wi-fi . wifi radios have a high wakeup and connection maintenance energy , but low energy per bit transmission cost and high bandwidth . cellular radios have low connection maintenance energy , but high energy per bit transmission cost and low bandwidth . disclaimer : the study might only apply for the particular model that the device they use .
as of this moment , it is not possible to convert a user into a profile . however , you could create a profile based on the existing user . downside : since a profile does not have a google account tied to it , they can not have a gmail app . and as you have already mentioned , they would also lose those user-specific data . update #1: from android . com , it says that a restricted profile is a subset of a user 's account . it is using the same user account , albeit restricted . so the profile is quite different from a user , where it is tied to a different google account . each restricted profile offers an isolated and secure space with its own local storage , home screens , widgets , and settings . unlike with users , profiles are created from the tablet owner’s environment , based on the owner’s installed apps and system accounts . the owner controls which installed apps are enabled in the new profile , and access to the owner’s accounts is disabled by default .
so i tried to "Clear Data" , instead of just "Clear Cache" in the google service framework ( and forced stop ) . i then ran the checkin again ( dial *#*#2432546#*#* in the phone app ) , and now i am being shown the new Android 4.3 System Update .
the linux user ids that android uses to isolate apps from each other are completely unrelated to user profiles on android 4.2 tablets . in android , each app gets its own directory for saving data . the linux user id system is used to make sure apps can not read each others ' data . but all these data directories are inside one directory on the filesystem , /data/user/0 . let 's say the first user is called abulurd , and he installs the app showr . it might be given user id 1004 , and the directory /data/user/0/com.shadowburst.showr . now , let 's say you create a new user profile for beatrice . she gets a fresh directory , /data/user/1 , which starts off empty . when she logs into the device , and installs showr , it does not download the app again ( because the android app installer knows the apk file is already on the device ) , but it does create a new user id 1007 ( for example ) , and a new directory /data/user/1/com.shadowburst.showr . android uses linux filesystem permissions , and the different linux user ids , not only to make sure that abulurd 's showr can not read the data of abulurd 's other apps , but also that abulurd 's showr can not read the data of beatrice 's showr . the two instances of showr run in different processes , with different user ids . if you are familiar with linux terminology , making a new user profile is similar to using chroot on the device to get an isolated part of the filesystem to run apps in . what i have described is the usual process , but just as apps can be written to share a data directory with other apps by the same developer ( signed with the same key ) , android gives apps the opportunity to say they work with multiple users . this way , an app can be written to have one process for all the user profiles , to let them share data or perform some special function . the lock screen has to work this way , for instance , because all user profiles share one lock screen app , which has to read all users ' lock-screen settings .
this has some reasons , let 's try to sum them up : android has an open app market model ( there is the more or less curated play store but you can install apps from other locations ( 3rd party markets or self built/downloaded ) ) android may also not need antivirus apps ( most problems come from pirated rogue apps with added value piggybacked ) ios has a strictly curated app store and you are not allowed to bypass it ( unless you do not jailbreak your device but apple so far ignores the existence of jailbroken devices ) apple does not allow antivirus apps into their app store ( they do not grant the necessary privileges to 3rd party apps and ignore the existence of jailbroken devices ) antivirus vendors want to create a market for mobile antivirus solutions apple denies existence/possibility of malware for their platforms as long as it is possible ( for pr reasons ) to sum it up : android is more open than ios and lets antivirus vendors jump in while apple denies them access to their app store .
there is a solution , but unfortunately it is a bit tedious . this issue occurs because android caches the album art at a low resolution . it also generates file names for the thumbnails in a weird manner ( apparently by the value of the system clock the first time the album appears ) . this means that the fix will be manual unless you employ some computer vision software . navigate to Internal Storage\Android\data\com.android.providers.media and copy the albumthumbs folder to some local directory . you will see files such as 1345139729376 , 1345139731350 , etc in albumthumbs . these files have no extension but are actually just jpegs . you can just edit these files if your image editing software supports it , but we could add .jpg to make it easier . in windows this could be done via the command-line with ren * *.jpg . now if you are on windows you will probably see image thumbnails instead of the generic file icon and it will be easy to edit the images . i am sorry if you have a lot of albums , but since the file names are as good as random we need to actually look at each image and replace it with its high resolution counterpart . if you changed the file extension we can change it all back with ren * *. ( note the period at the end ) . we can then paste our modified album art back into the original albumthumbs folder on the device . the result :
do not know of any youtube option for that end , but if you are open to use an app to limit other apps , you can give a go to onavo count | monitor data that has an option to limit the app to wi-fi only : save money on your mobile bill - avoid costly overage fees ! onavo count puts you in control of your 3g data plan . easy setup , three brand new widgets , tailored alerts and automatic blocking tools will keep you safe from bloated data bills .
most phones can not upgrade ( officially ) without a signed firmware package designed to upgrade from the existing version of android that is already on the phone . in those cases , you can not upgrade without rooting and/or unlocking your bootloader and/or flashing a custom recovery , which all void your warranty . some phones may not be as limited ; for example , the original software on the original galaxy s devices allowed unsigned updates to be flashed without needing to unlock the device . theoretically you could try to flash a firmware package from a different region ; it is hard to say how that would affect your warranty ( and besides , that is really off-topic here :p ) . you could also of course flash a custom rom with a newer version of android , which again will void your warranty just like rooting .
most probably your internal memory is too low . you can not access it without rooting your device . and it will not be visible in your pc/desktop anyways with a usb connection . ( it can not be mounted ) from what i understand your htc desire device has 512 mb of internal rom which is used for both your stock firmware and user installed apps . the 512 mb storage may be divided into several partitions . system partition holds your rom ( firmware ) and may include apps which came per-installed when you purchased the device . the data partition is where your apps are stored . to check , how much actual space you have for data partition- go to settings -> applications menu . you should get a list of installed apps with available storage at bottom like this , this will be the actual memory available to you . to increase this , you could try moving apps to sd card ( which i believe you have already tried ) . root your device and delete unwanted system apps ( bloatware ) install a custom rom , with app2sd/data2sd scripts , which enables you to use a ext3/ext4 partition on your sd card to use for installing apps . ( a 1gb partition would do fine . ) although there is a alternative too , which can help you move some of the apps which are by default not enabled for moving to sd card . requirements an android device ( obviously . . ) ( root not required ) usb cable a pc ( any os will do windows , mac or linux ) android sdk or replacement for adb ( install android sdk from official site . use drivers for your device ) steps run command prompt or terminal use command ' adb devices ' ( will show list of connected devices ) ( you should have android sdk 's path/platform-tools in your classpath ) use command ' adb shell ' ( will open a $ prompt ) use command ' pm setinstalllocation 2 ' ( will set default install location to sd card ) ( 0 for auto , 1 for internal , 2 for sd card ) now whatever new apps you install will be installed to sd card . they will still take space on internal memory in data partition though for dalvik cache , app-cache , private-cache etc . note-> if you want to revert back to original use option 0 in step 4 . i have seen some weird behavior with this , apps which are set to install in sd card by default ( i.e. . games like angry bird ) , are installed in internal . you could just move them to external though . my advice would be to use this command to enable moving to sd card and then revert back .
i used to have this problem a lot on my droid . i believe it has something to do with the headphones and how some music apps react to you plugging them in/out . my solution ? i use tasker to make two profiles : not headset plugged music stop media volume 0 headset plugged music stop media volume 5 the volume is not necessary ( just so i do not blare loud music into my ears when i put in my ear buds or sets it 0 if i unplug my headphones and it somehow is still playing ) . so in other words every time i plug in or out my headphones , it stops all music . since i have done this , i have had no more problems .
dw contact manager supports this feature http://crowdin.net/project/dw-contact-group-manager
a friend showed me how to , you go to the camera app 's settings , then go to " quick launch " , and check " launch and capture " . it was set on " launch only ( still camera ) " .
app specific settings are usually stored in the internal storage folder accessible only to that app . while apps do have the ability to write to external storage and lose access to that data when you mount it , i doubt that is the case here . when you install and move an app to the sd card , you are not moving the entire app . some core content of the app still stays on the internal storage . however , moving an app to the external storage has some interesting side effects . the app is completely disabled when you connect your device to the computer , on pre honeycomb devices . android 3.0 onwards , the usb storage was switched to mtp , which allows the device and the computer to access the storage simultaneously . in your case , when you connect to the computer , the apps on the sd card are disabled , causing them to disappear temporarily . as for them not reappearing when you disconnect and restart your phone suggests that there is a bug in the launcher you are using . try using a different third party launcher instead .
you can check the changelog and comments on the market for information , quite many apps have recently been updated to be ics compatible and there is usually a mention of this in the changelog . also , if the app is not compatible , there is usually a comment about this . in my experience , almost all of the apps i use are compatible with ics or have been updated . some may not have all the compatibility features such as the new menu style , but ics is backwards compatible with the old style too . edit : developers can also specify the parameter android:maxsdkversion in their androidmanifest . xml which restricts the application from running ( and afaik also from showing up in the market ) on newer platforms . i have not published any apps in the market so i am not sure if there are separate settings in there to restrict the apps from installing on higher version platforms . you can try to check the androidmanifest . xml of your apps by using android-apktool , but this requires you to know how to get the . apk files to your pc .
apps can store data in both places , but the sd card has a fat filesystem which does not support file permissions . this means that a malicious app could erase or change app data very easily if the data was on the sd card . as well , you can swap sd cards or format your card , and then the app would have " forgotten " all its settings and lost all the other data . so it is a very good idea to put app data in the phone storage , where android can manage access to the data and protect it .
the disk usage application can show you all this information in a nice graphical format , allowing you to explore the space taken up by applications in your phone memory , or the space taken up by files on your sd card . app2sd will also display information for all apps , although it does not split the space into segments based on app/data/cache like disk usage does . however , it will allow you to move all apps that you can to the sd card from the phone memory , and provides an easy way to see all the apps installed on the phone , and one click access to the main application settings to uninstall applications .
you could give adb a try , and use adb push &lt;/source/on/PC/file.zip&gt; &lt;target/on/Nexus/file.zip&gt; to transfer the files . i you do not have adb installed on your machine yet , and do not want to install the full sdk , take a look at is there a minimal installation of adb ? also , for more information on adb , there is always our adb tag-wiki as a good starting point .
i found this thread on xda-developers . if you have jail broken iphone and rooted android phone , you can transfer your progress . basically you have to copy two files , highscores . lua and settings . lua from /private/var/mobile/applications/ ( very long string ) /documents from iphone and replace them on android phone in /data/data/com . rovio . angrybirds/files/ . you also have to fix permission and make sure you have completed at least 1 level in android phone before replacing the two files . if you trust yourself you can also use programs like angry birds unlock all level in android and unlock only up to the level you have completed in iphone . but you will not have exact score and hidden star collections . so though little troublesome the earlier way might be what you want .
it is not documented somewhere . but only updates that do not change the permissions are done automatically . if there is a change , the update will have to be done manually . but of course there is no gurantee that this will always work this way , because of bugs or design changes . if you are paranoid , turn the feature off . ( but then , how could you trust android that the permissions that are shown to you are enforced ? )
there is currently an application on the google play store called drivedroid that should be able to handle that task . please note that it needs a rooted phone . after you install the app , it is a pretty straightforward process . if you need a helpful guide , this how-to by lifehacker should help .
what you probably want is your phone work as adhoc and as an ap at the same time i guess it is called bridging http://compnetworking.about.com/cs/wirelessproducts/f/apbridgingmode.htm i do not think that at first android phones support the adhoc mode at all yet . stackexchange-url the bridging is only possible for normal wifi routers not for android phones . routers also support wds http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wireless_distribution_system there is no such thing as wds for android phones yet afak . hope it clarifies the matter abit . thanks .
there are different approaches to app2sd , which are briefly explained in our app2sd tag-wiki . the app2sd built-in to android only moves parts of the app to sdcard , while other parts ( e . g . the app 's data and its dalvik cache ) remain on internal storage . how much ( or what percentage ) gets moved varies from app to app – which is what you experience in the described case . moreover , an app needs to explicitly support this mechanism . there are different other approaches pre-installed with some custom roms ( such as app2sd+ ) , or separately installable on rooted devices ( such as link2sd or data2sd ) trying to fill this gap ; to completely move an app out of internal storage , one often has to use combinations of at least two of those tools . please see the linked tag-wiki for closer details .
yes , it is . when you first boot the device , it asks for your google account . just select the option " i do not have a google account " and then the option that says you do not want to create one . note that you can not use some google services like play store which require a google account .
some devices , like the motorola xoom , the sony ericsson xperia active and the galaxy nexus , have an air pressure sensor built into them that measures the barometric air pressure . i have the barometer hd app installed on my xoom which seems to give roughly the same reading as my suunto electronic barometer . support for a barometer pressure ( and other environmental ) sensor was added in android 2.3 to follow the trend of linking to the related developer resource , i believe this is a type_pressure sensor . see also this related stackoverflow question android devices with pressure sensor , and this gizmodo article for some of the possible uses for the barometer , which includes helping the device to calculate your altitude in gps apps . android engineer dan morrill made a post to google+ explaining why the galaxy nexus had a barometer internally : i have seen a lot of hay made about the barometer in galaxy nexus . here 's the skinny ; it is not really as dramatic or weird as people think . the primary purpose of the barometer is ( at least , i have been told ) to make gps lockons faster . locking on to a gps involves numerically solving a 4-dimensional set of linear equations -- 3 dimensions in space , and time . ( yes , you get accurate time for free if you lock on to gps . ) because of the way gps works , this can take a few minutes . this goes much faster if you already have an estimate of your location . this is why " agps " ( assisted gps ) services are so popular : by starting with a rough city-level coordinate fix through something like cell-tower network location , you can reduce the amount of math you have to do to lock on . this is where the barometer comes in . the 3 dimensions in space are latitude , longitude . . . and altitude . the barometer gives you a reasonable first-cut estimate for altitude . this gives you a bit of a leg up on one of the dimensions -- especially combined with "2d " agps -- which can help speed up lock-on in general . now of course , the barometer can also be used for things like , well , determining atmospheric pressure ( although i am not sure it is really weather grade . ) but the main reason it is in your phone is to help with gps .
uninstalled , then reinstalled avast . scans now all clear . looks like a definite avast issue .
where is it ? it is inside an apk file for some application . can i access it without root access ? you can download the apk to your desktop and unzip it . dolphin hd . . . points to file:///android_asset/new_tab . htm since dolphin hd is not open source ( afaik ) , you have no way of changing this behavior . you also cannot modify this file unless you sign the resulting modified apk file with your own digital signature , in which case you would never again be able to get an update to dolphin hd . you may wish to contact the dolphin hd developers and suggest a feature that meets your needs .
you can manually set the location using an igoogle gadget or through firefox . what you are probably seeing when the location is " one block away " is that gps is not actually turned on on the handset . the phone is probably using positioning that is determined used cell phone tower location , so it will get you in roughly the correct place , but not the exact location you would expect if gps was turned on .
use either of these : busybox busybox pro ( paid ) note this comment in the description : please note i did not write busybox ! i wrote this installer and cross compiled busybox for android . please see the about menu option for more details or here : www.busybox.net if you are installing a custom rom , it might have busybox already ( but usually not pro ) .
i was hoping to be able to programmatically suppress the default " my files " system app from starting when a usb storage device is plugged in , but it looks like it is not possible . however , i did find a workaround . first i installed a new file manager/explorer from the market ( i used es file explorer ) . then i went to android settings -> applications and then selected the my files app from the list and disabled it . now it no longer interferes with my own application that i am developing for my usb storage device . not the ideal solution , but it works for now .
i have not tried it on windows 7 , but i expect dropbox will work fine .
there are stock firmware images available for download here that can be flashed with the sp flash tool . in terms of creating your own rom ( cwm-based or otherwise ) , that is beyond the scope of this site .
installing a recovery and flashing your rom download your recovery . img or wahtever the name is to your fastboot folder . adb reboot bootloader fastboot flash recovery recovery . img fastboot reboot recovery now use your recovery to flash your rom . at this point you may not be able boot into your rom if you do not have s-off . but give it a try . if it works then forget the next few lines . copy the boot . img file from inside your rom and copy it to your fasboot folder . adb reboot bootloader fastboot flash boot boot . img . now you can reboot to boot into your rom .
you need to contact asus directly . google play 's support page says : nexus 7 limited warranty the nexus 7 is manufactured by asustek computer inc . asus provides a limited 12 month warranty for the nexus 7 . please refer to the warranty card in the nexus 7 packaging or review asus ' limited warranty details . if your nexus 7 was purchased from google play , please contact google customer support for service on the asus limited 12 month warranty . if your nexus 7 was not purchased from google play or you are looking for out of warranty repair service , please contact asus directly .
no . it is not just a question of adding something to the chooser ( the menu of apps ) : there needs to be an app on the other end to take the photo , log into flickr , and understand flickr 's api ( the programming interface that apps use ) in order to upload the photo . it also needs to handle possible failures , such as resuming or retrying the upload later if you lose internet connection . if you want a share option that shares to flickr , there are many flickr apps on google play that only do uploading , and do not have any functionality to browse or view photos . that way you can have the share option while still keeping your phone lean . alternatively , you can browse to the flickr website in your web browser and upload photos from there . it is not as convenient but it is the only way that does not involve any kind of special-purpose app .
i just found an app from the same developer that does what i wanted for buildings smart measure
the bootloader is vendor and model-specific . it is not consistent across android 2.2 versions . a common way to get into the bootloader ( also called " recovery mode" ) is to hold a volume button down and reboot the device , releasing the button when you get to the bootloader . on my samsung galaxy s vibrant , the easiest way is to hold both volume buttons plus the power button , releasing the power button once the phone reboots and you see the " vibrant " logo , and releasing the volume buttons after the bootloader comes up . on my vibrant , the options include doing a factory reset and installing " update . zip " from the root of the internal sd storage . your mileage may vary . something like clockworkmod recovery can be installed on many devices , which provides additional options including backing up and restoring your phone 's rom ( os , kernel , data , etc . ) . you should be able to google " recovery mode " for instructions for you particular device .
the build you flashed appears to have an associated xda thread . the first post of that thread ( by the rom 's creator ) contains this a little ways down : - flash this if your are having root issues - http://goo-inside.me/superuser/superuser-3.0.7-efghi-signed.zip i would start there , and see if it resolves the problem . you should just need to download the zip file and flash it from recovery ( i can not test this myself , unfortunately . i do not own an sgs ) . edit : this looks like it may be a common problem with that particular build . there are some posts toward the end of the thread where people are saying they can not get root to work either . another post has a flashable zip file attached that is apparently intended to fix the issue as well .
the following application : soundabout allows you to disable the headphone plug/unplug event detection in the settings : select wired headset behaviour and remove the tick from the wired headset detection ( ticked by default ) from my understanding what it basically does is that it registers a broadcast receiver for the following broadcast with the intent : intent . action_headset_plug and the receiver cancels the event using the abortbroadcast method . as previously mentioned by @nightcrawler most media player on android like poweramp , play music , vlc etc all have an extra setting to specify their behaviour on a headphone plug/unplug event ( ignore/comply )
this sounds like the x10 's calendar app ( and possibly its settings ) . a quick ' google resulted in this quote from a groups discussion that relates to your problem : i have found that in at least one scenario , the x10 mini calendar app itself is to blame . when i installed the app " business calendar free " on my x10 mini pro , i could see everything and sync flawlessly , while the built-in calendar still showed nothing . have you tried a 3rd-party calendar app like the aforementioned business calendar ? if a 3rd-party app works you will at least know where to start digging . it also happens to be an app i use and recommend as a replacement for stock calendar apps , problems or not .
with most ota updates someone inevitably pulls the raw . zip file off some server and posts it online for others to use before they get the official ota notice on their phones . if your phone is currently on build number grh78 then download this . zip file . if your phone is currently on grh78c then download this . zip file . rename it update.zip and place it in the root folder of your sdcard . shut your phone off . hold down the volume up and power buttons at the same time to access the bootloader . use the volume keys to navigate to recovery . press the power button to select it . you should see a triangle with an exclamation point in it . hold down the power button and tap the volume up button to access the recovery menu . use the volume keys to navigate to apply update from /sdcard , select it with the power button , choose update.zip and press the power button to start the update . when the update is complete , reboot your phone . ( these instructions were taken mostly from http://www.intomobile.com/2011/02/24/how-to-manually-update-your-nexus-s-to-android-2-3-3/ except for the download links . i do not own a nexus s and have not tested this personally . if these instructions look incorrect to you [ or anyone else ! ] do not use them . if at any step during the update process the instructions do not line up with what you see , you should stop proceeding and use menu options to back as far out as you can from the menus . i am not responsible for anything that happens to your phone , good or bad . )
it is operator-related . although the phone can support conference calling , most consumer calling plans do not let you do that .
yes this is possible . power adapter can be plugged into tablet or dock . it is possible to charge the tablet from the dock while the dock is being charged , remove the tablet , use tablet , return to dock for charging . hope this helps pete
this was solved thanks to bossman 's awesome proxy apk . install it and then run via ssh : am broadcast -a pl.bossman.taskerproxy.ACTION_TASK --es task_name TASKER_TASK_NAME_GOES_HERE it works flawlessly : )
to turn off notifications for google+ , open the google+ app , press menu-> settings-> notifications , then press the on/off toggle in the top right . to turn off notifications for gmail/google apps mail , open the gmail app , press menu-> settings , select the account you wish to disable notifications for , uncheck the checkbox that says : email notifications to turn off notifications for google talk , open the google talk app , press menu-> settings , select the account you wish to disable notifications for , press im notifications and select off , and the same for video chat notifications to turn off notifications for google voice , open the google voice app , press menu-> settings-> sync and notifications , and uncheck the boxes for text and voicemail notifications . note : this is based on android 4.0+ , some of these apps ( especially google talk ) may function differently on pre-ics .
i found a workaround , downloaded a firmware from http://www.sammobile.com/firmware/ and updated my galaxy s3 with that using odin . upon first reboot my phone hangs showing only boot screen with samsung logo for about 2 hours , then i restarted phone in clockworkmod recovery did a wipe data / factory reset and then restarted the phone again , i got the default firmware back . then connected the phone to pc using kies and upgraded the firmware .
no , there is no public api that allows developers to create camera apps that takes raw photos . based on what i have read in dpreview.com, implementation would have to be at driver level , and specific to each device . also , raw files taken by camera phones would also look nasty .
if you are having root , use titanium backup to disable/freeze cmclient . apk and dmclient . apk . this will disable the tablet to check for ota from asus servers . if you want to update the tablet to latest firmware later , unfreeze/enable the apks and proceed with updating .
gaosp is your only option . it is in beta 3 , so it is a pretty sure bet .
you can delete the photos via the google+ app or web interface . from the left-hand menu , click photos . if you have not turned on auto-upload and do not want to , click not now to get rid of the prompts . then , if you are in the app , open the menu that slides in from the left again , and choose albums from the menu ; or in the web interface , click more on the top , then albums on that menu . from there you can see the hangout photos , listed separately from the ' real ' photo albums . you can select and delete them to your heart 's content . note that " deleting " a photo from this view does not delete it right away : it moves it to the " trash " or " bin " . to finish them off , you can find that on the same menu you were just on , or just wait for 60 days .
when the lock-screen is enabled , android disallows apps to interact with buttons in the way you ask . however , though it is not an app , but i believe cyanogenmod rom allows for this . and if that is the case , there will be other roms out there that allow for the same .
cyanogenmod 6 does this feature because it is native to android 2.2 . see this cyanogenmod issue report for more details .
you can use " emulator " from console . that way it will stay on regardless of eclipse state . starting emulator also , try using adb devices to find out is your emulator really running
since i do not know what the password is , i played around with it and failed enough times that it told me that if i failed one more time i could lose data on the sd card . so i failed one more time ( i did not care about the sd card ) and it did the reset just fine .
palliatively , i installed kingsoft office , although it is so big for my device ( it is about 13mb in size , and all my internal storage is just 180mb ) . . . so i had to remove some apps to install it . well , it does the work well : show special characters without issues . but i wait for a solution for polaris office . . .
android 's documentations only mention client and server relationship so it is more important to determine which device is the client and which is the server . the device that initiates the connection is the client while the other is server . someone says that the master is usually the client while the slave is the server but i am not sure if that applies for all cases .
this is the highest rated app i found appbrain : http://www.appbrain.com/app/pubtran-london/cz.fhejl.pubtran.london here 's the search i used : http://www.appbrain.com/search?q=tflsort=highest-rated
no . there are alternative , customisable sms apps though , like chompsms or handcent sms .
it turns out that the solution to this is rather easy , but scarcely documented . to switch between forward-is-up and north-is-up , simply tap the red/white compass needle in the upper left hand corner of the screen .
ahh , i should have known , ssh is the solution . therefore install an ssh server e.g. sshdroid then you should usually have sftp and ssh to your phone . as command line tools like sed echo and basename are available even renaming is really easy :d . the really great thing is you even do not need a wifi around , you can make your own with wifi thetering and sshdroid will still work , though you have to disable the presence of a network in its options first . you do not need to root the phone .
it is always a good idea to save numbers in canonical format , this ensures that you will be able to call the contacts if you are roaming in an foreign country . you issue is surely related to the android rom you are using . you could try to use another rom . but as i stated before , saving the numbers in a canonical format will be the best solution .
go to Settings -&gt; Accounts and sync: ensure auto-sync is checked . check the relevant accounts to see if sync is enabled for them ( click the account and see what is checked off ) .
not an answer to your question exactly , but it solves the main issue . i have coded a solution for this , you can download the apk on http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1083284 . it uses a cntlm binary to process the authentication .
i still have not tried voice choice , but i just downloaded this free app : voice plus this looks perfect . from the description : allows you to set rules for which number dialed will use your google voice number . specify rules based on area code or by contacts ( using contact groups ) . no more annoyance of having to press another button when dialing to choose where to call from !
the setting profiles app can do that . from their site : what if i don’t want to miss an important call while i’m on mute ? you can overwrite current sound settings with a rule based on incoming call condition . here is how to : create a new rule add incoming call condition and set it to your preferred contacts group ( like vip or family ) add activate profile action to activate the profile where sound is on and/or some custom ring tone specified that’s it ! now even if your phone is set to mute , it will still ring in case of a call from someone from contact group you have set up in step two . they currently have two versions of the app - a lite and full . i would try the lite version to see if it has this feature first . qr code for setting profiles lite : qr code for setting profiles full :
i actually managed to temporarily solve this : add ok to your personal dictionary and be done with it .
as you do not give any example , we need to guess . i doubt it is for " stopping themselves " for the call dialog like amit suggests ( as a background " live wallpaper " , they do not need to do that specially for call dialogs : either they generally need it for any dialog , or not at all ) . i rather suspect some ad module behind this ( see my answer here for details ) . for ad modules , the combination of INTERNET and READ_PHONE_STATE are quite usual : the former to retrieve the advertisement material , and the latter to access your imei for identification ( good cop : to know which ads you have already seen so they are not repeated too often ; bad cop : to get imei , imsi , your phone number , phone numbers you have been in contact with -- so a profile can be built ) . note that the developer of the app ( or live wallpaper in your case ) has no control at all what those ad modules do . all he can do is to take care to chose a " good one " , and avoid the " more malicious " ad modules .
the easiest way to monitor android internet traffic is to connect it to a wi-fi network and run wireshark on the router . that way , you can do whatever you like on the android device while watching the packets go past on the wi-fi router . an on-device solution can be less convenient , because you have to do the activity you want to monitor , then switch to the monitoring app to see the results . in addition , you need to have root on the device to monitor other apps ' network traffic . in some cases this can change the behaviour of the app you want to monitor , though i do not expect that'll be a problem for you . network log is an open-source example of an on-device network logging/monitoring app .
if you have root , you can edit the settings database through adb : i first attempted to edit the field with the sqlite editor app from the play store : Settings Storage (com.android.providers.settings) \u2192 settings.db \u2192 system \u2192 window_animation_scale but it unfortunately gave me Update failed - error code 5: database is locked . whereas updating the database from adb worked fine . ( perhaps a different app would also work . ) other settings are also editable this way . if sqlite3 says permission denied you may need to chmod it to allow execution . you also may need to find the right path to use above for the settings . db file , here 's an example :
this is probably because of how the google calendar server api interacts with client applications . an update request has to be sent to a specific calendar on the server . if you could change which calendar the appointment is tied to , synchronization would have to send a " delete " from one calendar and an " add " to the other . i have developed and maintained a number of systems which have synchronization and replication . . . and i suspect that a decision as made to favor simplicity and avoid the possible complexities of cross-calendar edits .
you need to enable Unknown sources in the android settings ( on my device it is in the Security section ) . also enable USB debugging in Developer options .
allshare is a samsung specific product , which might not be available to devices of different brands . however , as it is basically a dlna server/client app , you might want to take a look at some of the many alternatives available . a very good choice would be bubbleupnp , which acts both as server and client ( so you can stream from your device to other dlna/upnp clients as well as the other way around ) : bubbleupnp is a full featured upnp/dlna control point , upnp media renderer and upnp media server . play easily your music , videos and images on your phone and devices on your network ( dlna tvs , xbmc , wmp , . . . ) , from your external upnp media servers . play your phone/tablet media to those devices . browse and play your local phone/tablet and cloud media from other devices ( ps3 , . . . ) . bubbleupnp can also be used as a standalone music player , even without any network connection .
this is certainly possible with tasker , though i cannot give you the " complete recipe " . basically , you could create a task like this : execute command : ls -1 /path/to/your/files , and capture the output into a variable the command will list all files in the given directory , one file per line work on the variable . there are possibilities to convert it into an array , so you can use a for loop to handle each file again with variables , you can setup the rename command ( e . g . using variable search replace ) in a new variable . pseudo-code : mv "$old_name" "$(s/ /_/,$old_name)" but it is much easier to use a simple shell script in some terminal app ( or via adb shell ) to achieve the same : cd /path/to/your/files for file in $(ls -1); do mv "$file" "$(echo $file|sed 's/ /_/g')"; done 
google dashboard is a service for accessing a simple view of the data associated with a google account . with dashboard you can also get a list of your android apps that store data in the google cloud , the dates of their latest backups , the amount of storage they use , and some additional data such as the date you first registered the device . to access this information : visit google dashboard at https://www.google.com/dashboard enter your google username and password , and log in scroll down to section " android devices " click the " more data stored about this device " link under your device names 's entry
well , as it may seen , there is no solution without relying on third-part softwares . instead , i ( partially ) solved it by changing the language for english uk , where the numbers format are without separators . ex : 99999999 .
how physically close will a tag need to be for the phone to detect a nfc card ? ( 10cm or can it greater ) &lt ; 0.2 m http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/near_field_communication nfc is intentionally very low ranged since it is meant to be difficult to accidentally connect to the wrong nfc readers . one of its possible applications is to aid in initiating longer-ranged connection ( e . g . bluetooth or wifi ) with zero configuration . also can the phone present itself as a nfc tag to other phones ? if this is possible is the range greater as the nfc transmitter is powered ? no , currently nexus s only have nfc reader , it cannot emulate nfc tag . http://www.nearfieldcommunicationsworld.com/2010/12/07/35385/google-unveils-first-android-nfc-phone-but-nexus-s-is-limited-to-tag-reading-only-for-now/ there are plans for future android releases to support nfc card emulation , but nexus s will not be getting it since it lacks the necessary hardware . i can think of several ways to hack around this , with some limitations , since static nfc tag can be made as a sticker , but full nfc card emulation will not be available in nexus s .
on oled , amoled and super amoled screens : yes lcd screens : no
cwm backups are full system backups , so they restore it to exactly how it was when you took a backup . everything including apps , settings , preferences , even call log is saved . you do not have to flash the rom before restoring a backup . the backup files contain a boot . img and system . img that have the rom , kernel etc in it . when moving to another rom , you might also want to take a backup of all your apps and app data with titanium backup , this is helpful to restore them on the new rom . if you flashed a new rom without using titanium backup , do not panic , app extractor can extract apps and data from a cwm backup . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.handyandy.appextractor my usual flash routine is : backup with titanium , sync all data on wifi , backup sms , reboot to recovery , do cwm backup and then wipe , flash new rom , reboot and restore apps , and sync . hope it helps !
when such a notification appears . . . open your notification area long-press on the notification . this opens the app 's settings in the system configuration . here you can disable all notifications from the app . this is a feature introduced with jellybean -- as you have stated your device is running android 4.1.2 , this setting should be available to you .
this version of google talk can be downloaded from http://goo-inside.me/gapps/ . the current version is gapps-gb-20110828-newtalk-signed . zip . details can be found in rootzwiki at http://wiki.rootzwiki.com/index.php/google_apps#google_talk_with_video.2fvoice_chat
try my voice reminder . its a free app . do not know if it supports ics .
try long-pressing the Search button . it should be tied to voice search by default . then say " dial xxx " , where " xxx " is either a phone number ( with the area code ) or name of a contact from your phonebook . here are all the voice actions you can perform with the voice search app : http://www.google.com/mobile/voice-actions/ note : according to google 's last blog post on the subject , voice actions via this app only work in english language . you might need to change your phone 's locale to " us " or " uk " in order to get this to work .
you can use filtering to include only the selected app 's messages by the tag ( s ) used . use the syntax adb logcat YourTag:I *:S to show logcat output only from YourTag and hide all others . you can have multiple tags also , just separate them with space and have the *:S entry as last . if you need to get all messages from multiple tags in the same app , you have to fish out the pid . if you use linux/osx , you can use the command : adb logcat | grep `adb shell ps | grep com.android.example | cut -c10-15`  or you can check out proclogcat and use : adb logcat | proclogcat 
you can use automateit to enable/disable airplane mode on a schedule . this may be easier than finding a custom alarm clock .
droidwall is what you want ! it allows you to control which apps can and cannot access the internet , and the new version ( the one i linked ) enables data types , so you can allow an app to access the internet all the time , just on 3g , just on wifi , or never .
as stated already , one solution would be to use an app that lets you synchronize with dropbox . i personally already used dropsync . it works flawlessly , however , the free version only lets you sync one main folder . so that was not really an option . the solution i just came up with is making good use of the tasker app yet again . tell tasker if the camera or gallery apps are running and mobile data is enabled , disable mobile data . then as exit task ( to be executed when camera/gallery get closed ) re-enable mobile data . dropbox will then upload all the shots i did not delete right away using the camera/gallery app .
you might consider disabling those apps ( starting with ics , that is possible for some but not all ) . this way you had solve multiple of your issues : no more update reminders app becomes unavailable , so it is no longer shown in the app drawer being disabled , they should also no longer provide an " attack vector " if that is not possible for some apps via settings → applications ( check the " all " tab there to see pre-installed apps ) , and rooting is an option , you can still freeze them with apps like titanium backup to achieve the same .
theoretically , of course , you could modify your hardware . but this is not remotely feasible for 99% of us . one thing you can do -- if you root -- is to install various apps that will allow you to move more to the sd card . you could also try a custom rom that is smaller than the stock rom . if rooted you will also be able to uninstall crapware system apps ( be careful not to touch the important onces ) .
[ moving from comments to answer ] this could be an issue with either debugging mode switched on or the power source itself ! please try on ac power , this is a known issue with quite a few phones ! in fact i had this issue with my n7000 running cm10 , the phone is just lying around now . just to be sure , is usb debugging off ? just to see if that is the issue for me , i tried different sockets at home with my old phone ! it varies based on the power supply . all i can say is stop charging through these faulty places
workaround : i am pretty sure got fixed after i enabled and disabled " mobile hotspot " so while i am answering my own question , i will accept any answer that describes how to disable this faulty behavior
the filtered contacts list solves this problem , but unfortunately if you are like me you are constantly needing to look at the larger list of contacts and you will not remember to turn the filter back on afterwards . so when you get back into the car , it will start sending the whole list again . i just found a workaround . there are a ton of alternative contact apps in the marketplace that will sync to your gmail contacts . i installed go contacts ex https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.jbapps.contactprofeature=search_result#?t=w251bgwsmswyldesimnvbs5qymfwchmuy29udgfjdhbybyjd it appears that the bluetooth address book is only controlled by the stock contacts app , which i have left filtered . i banished the stock app from my home screen/launcher . all good now .
it is difficult to know whether an apk is safe or not . your best bet is to download from trusted or reputable sources ( like google play , amazon , etc ) . some ( trusted ) developers also provide an md5 ( or other message-digest algorithm ) hash of their apks . after your download the apk , you verify if the apk has the same hash . if it does , then it is safe to say it has not been tampered with . you can also check the permissions required by the apk / app , and use common sense ( or your own judgement / instinct ) to tell if it is safe to install or not . bottomline : always install from trusted sources . stay away from pirated apks ; it is possible they may have malware .
turns out that uninstalling and reinstalling the drivers solves the issue . the strange part is that before i uninstalled the drivers , the name on the driver said it was for a samsung galaxy device , which the nexus 4 clearly is not .
is there a way to hack the market/play app so that it can not delete apps from the phone without specific authorization from the user ? yes , there are tools to decompile an apk and dex files and make modifications and put them back together again ; you will need root , the appropriate softwares , lots of knowledge about dalvik and java bytecode , and many weekends spent on reading . also be warned that you are breaching the tos of google play . and . . . good luck , you will need it .
get timely alarm clock . i have never tried more than 10 alarms but i guess it should be worth a try . it is free after all and extremely sexy . also you should try adding calender events instead of alarms and change the sound to something loud .
on android 2.1 eclair , one can turn these clicks off by navigating to settings > sound and display : scroll down to audible touch tones and audible selection and uncheck both options . hopefully , there are similar options on your sgs .
quadrant and linpack are the two i use . linpack is purely for measuring cpu performance , whereas quadrant also takes into account i/o speeds , graphics performance , and the like .
by installing a different version of cyanogenmod . android is not like windows , where you have to install each driver separately : all the drivers come integrated in the rom . sometimes , with third-party roms like cyanogenmod , they do not quite manage to integrate the drivers properly ( because only the manufacturer has all the required information ) , so you get defects like this one . if you found the problem in a stable release , release candidate , or beta of cyanogenmod , you should report it to the maintainers for your phone so they can fix it . if you have been using a nightly snapshot , do not bother , as they are expected to have serious errors and are not suitable for everyday use . upgrade to a newer release if there is one , or perhaps to an older release .
there is some hope to recover data which was stored on the “internal sd card” . samsung galaxy s2 supports usb connection in the mass storage mode ( unlike some other more recent models ) . this mode provides the required block-level access to the partition which holds your media and other files ( but not contacts , sms and app data ) . therefore you can connect your phone to pc in the usb storage mode ( not mtp ) , then use the same utilities as you would use to recover files from an sd card which was accidentally formatted ( one free option for windows is recuva ) . recovering data from the internal memory is much more harder for several reasons : you need to root the phone in order to get access to raw partitions ( with some phones which have an unlocked bootloader there is an option of flashing an alternate recovery image with root access through adb ) . note that the rooting process in most cases involves writes to the /data partition , which could overwrite the data you want to restore . the internal file system is not the usual fat or ntfs , like in windows ( recent models in most cases use ext4 ) , therefore many recovery tools designed for use with windows filesystems will not work well ( scanning the raw disk for pieces looking like data in a well-known format might give a useful result even if the filesystem is not supported , but see the next point ) . in most cases the app data is stored in some format not used outside of the android os ( e . g . , contacts and sms/mms messages are stored in sqlite databases with the android-specific schema ) , and these formats are unlikely to be supported by commonly available data recovery utilities . and this assumes that the phone repair lab did not just replace the main phone board ( which they often do , unless the problem was obviously in some other component ) .
i believe you should be able to switch between loudspeaker and earpiece like this in the screenshot at the bottom while in a call . on my samsung galaxy 3 running a custom 4.0.3 rom , it is working fine . but after searching on skype forums i found this - speaker only on android device looks like a lot of people are having the same issue from initial releases of skype for android . devices and os are different in each case , so there really is no solution for users other than to wait for a fix from skype . you should perhaps look for alternative apps like these- fring ( fring google play ) sip ( sip for android ) gtalk for android app . ( supports video/voip from android 2.3 onwards ) . see here - xda-develoeprs gtalk w/video and voice for 2.3.3 roms
if you use the android web browser to access any sites that you have logged into and that do not use an ssl encrypted page while you are browsing them , then you should be very paranoid . have a read up about the firesheep add-on to firefox , it uses the fact that on an open , unencrypted wifi connection anyone can listen to anyone else who is connected 's network traffic . it listens out for cookies that other people 's laptops and phones send out while they are browsing , grabs those cookies and lets you use them to log into a vast list of websites as that person . it does not need to capture login names or passwords , so it does not matter if you are careful about not entering your password into anything over an open connection . all it needs is your cookie and then it can log someone else into your facebook , or gmail , or twitter , amazon ( they can even place one-click orders on your behalf ) etc . boingboing has slightly more on what this demonstrates about web security . the scary thing is that firesheep does not do anything magic . it just makes a process that anyone could do ( listening to open wifi traffic , and spotting the interesting bits ) and makes it one-click easy .
it should be under your system settings ( the settings " app" ) , in the " date and time " subsection ( which is near the bottom ) . uncheck the " automatic time zone " option and then select the correct one manually :
you cannot issue adb remount unless your handset is rooted , which is why it failed in your case a la " remount failed : operation not permitted " . there is an answer to how to root the galaxy s2 .
if your device is rooted , you can use titanium backup to backup the maps application , which will backup the application and it is data . after resetting , again install titanium backup , ( you have to root again , if you had lost the root access , as a first step ) and restore the maps application . while restoring , you get a chance to opt for restoring app alone or app with data . when opting for the later , your offline data also comes .
assuming you installed clockworkmod recovery via rom manager app ( or manually ) , you can do the following : install the appbrain and fast web installer apps . run appbrain , sign in with your google account , enable the fast web installer from settings , and perform a sync . download the rom installation zip for miui and place it onto your sd card . reboot your phone to recovery mode , scroll down to " backup and restore " , go in , and select the " backup " option . this will write an image of your phone onto your sd card . os , your apps and settings will be saved . perform a full wipe of your device from recovery by doing a " wipe data/factory reset " , " wipe cache partition " , and " advanced -> wipe dalvik cache " . select " install zip from card " option , and then " choose zip from sdcard " to flash the rom zip that you downloaded in step 2 . optionally , flash the gapps package , and any other files ( refer to the rom 's instructions . ) once the installation is completed reboot the phone , add your google account , and set up the system to your lining ( do not download any 3rd-party apps yet . ) open the market app , install appbrain and fast web installer again , and sign in . open the appbrain app , and enable fast web installer in settings again . while still inside the appbrain app , go to " manage and sync " , press the menu button , select the " more lists . . " option . pick the list that was created for you in step 1 , and press the " add all apps " button . this will queue up all the missing apps that you had installed on the previous rom . go back once , and tap the " execute " button . after verifying the permissions , tap the install button . this will automatically download and re-install your apps . once the apps are installed , configure them to your liking . reboot back into recovery , perform another backup , and reboot the phone normally . open the rom manager app , and tap on " manage and restore backups . " you should see a list consisting of the 2 backups you just made , sorted chronologically . rename the first backup to " cm7" , and the second to " miui " . you can now easily switch from cm7 to miui by simply restoring the corresponding backup . keep in mind that if you change anything on either rom , you will need to perform another backup so that your changes are saved .
please attempt the following : delete the entire .thumbnails folder delete the /sdcard/Android/data/com.android.gallery3d folder go to Settings-&gt;Apps-&gt;All and select the Gallery app . select clear data . go to Settings-&gt;Apps-&gt;All and select the Media Storage app . select clear data . reboot your device . this will completely erase all data from the gallery app , and if you open it before you reboot you should notice that you have no thumbnails . they will be generated on boot .
for sure ! hopefully there are professional rom cookers at xda-developers that cook roms without any kind of bloatware . here are some articles that i recommend you to check before flashing a new rom : unlocking the bootloader updating firmware/flashing roms optional : a beginners guide to modding and tweaking the arc after you done all that you are good to go flashing a clean rom , my suggestions are : [ development ] - cm7.0.3 - free xperia project
no . as you might know , eclipse has various problems running in different flavors of linux ( which is why ubuntu has an official repository version of it , and all that ) . android is even worse -- while based on linux , it is a completely different operating system . a similar question would be , " is is possible to install a *nix version of eclipse in mac os ? "
the lockerpro app was reseting my screen lock time to 15 seconds . ( the android system should offer a way to check who is changing the system settings )
i believe you want : cat /proc/mtd . also useful : mount .
it is usually safe to restore non-system apps and their data across different android versions with titanium backup . i would not try to restore a honeycomb-specific app on a previous os version though , as the app itself may be incompatible due to radical changes between 3 . x and earlier os versions . restoring system apps and data is very unsafe . you can introduce instabilities to your device , due to changes in the way system data is handled between major os versions of android . if you are using titanium , i assume your device is rooted , since otherwise you would not be able to backup app data . if you also have a custom recovery installed ( e . g . clockworkmod ) i would highly recommend doing a full backup of the device , in case something goes wrong .
this sounds like the behavior if you have blacklist mode enabled . double check the ( subtle ) whitelist/blacklist default button ( the text above the apps listing ) .
you can do this with your native camera app . but you have to have jb 4.2 ( not 4.1 . x ) . go to the camera . tap on the camera icon and pick the item that looks like a small globe with a panorama stretched over it . that is the photo sphere mode . take a picture as usual . keep your camera steady . you should see a message to align your camera with the blue dot . tilt your camera up , down , left , or right slowly to match the center of the screen with the blue dot for the next area . the picture will snap automatically when you get there . keep going for as long as you wish to take as many images as possible and make your complete photo sphere . note : this may look a little weird if you try to take pictures of people , since they tend to move between shots . landscapes and interior shots are your best bets .
i would like to try cyanogenmod but my phone is not in the list of supported phones , is there anything i can do ? if you had search more carefully , you had find this topic ( link ) . there is cyanogenmod for your phone . but this firmware in early alpha stage of porting . another great link . if i do not like some rom i installed i can uninstall it and go back to the default rom or any other , right ? yes , you are right . also i would note that there is not dedicated uninstall procedure , but you always can reflash your phone to another rom version , including original stock rom . if i get to root my phone without troubles , can installing the rom break it or my only risk is with the rooting ? the most risky part is , of course , flashing . because if something goes wrong , you may get bricked phone . but usually everything is ok . also android supports recovery boot mode which can help in case of unsuccesful flashing .
android 's shell will support a limited amount of unix-style shell scripting . it specifically should have a shell at /system/bin/sh that you can use , however : the shell provided with android has a severely restricted set of commands available to it . if you want to do anything even remotely complex you will need a busybox install ( or another shell ) . it is generally pretty rare for android apps to provide any kind of command line interface or binaries . i very much doubt that sugarsync , for example , allows you to perform a sync from the command line . if you want a bit of a gui you may want to look at something like gscript .
it is to alert you that the screen 's about to turn off . it is more useful when your timeout is longer than 30 seconds , certainly . i would assume you had need a custom kernel or at least to root and edit some config files in order to prevent this , i do not believe there is anything in settings for it .
apparently the winamp app has an Enable auto-mount setting that is by default set to true . problem resolved .
whenever you root your device , you are adding root access to the current os . if you just perform the factory reset , it will retain root ( as this just deletes user data ) , but if you restore the stock image , it will completely wipe the os and will put the system back as htc intended it ( which would remove root ) . you would then need to re-root the device .
use adb on a computer while your device is in recovery . to copy a file from the computer via usb , use this : adb push /path/to/local/ROM.zip /sdcard/  this will copy the local file to the device in the specified location . directories can be created on the device via the shell : adb shell  and using the usual shell commands to navigate around and create directories . this beginners guide may also help you . you might also consider getting a usb otg adapter . this way you had be able to put the files you need on a usb drive , plug it into your n10 , and flash the files you need . i do it this way on my n7 with twrp all the time so that i can erase everything on it without worrying .
my current guess is that the script took a lot of cpu time because it uses a very inefficient way of calculating the log file length , which is to read the entire log file to memory and use length . this should not have been much of an issue if the log file is small , but since you said that log file 's current size is more than 50mb , this shows that the log file is not getting trimmed properly . another concerning issue is that init scripts are supposed to only run once at startup , but this script is obviously being run periodically . if my guess is correct , you may be able to fix this temporarily by deleting the log file , but eventually the slow down will occur again when the log file is filled again . check if you have the latest version of your rom , maybe it is fixed in the latest version ? otherwise if it is an unmaintained rom , you will need to figure out a way to fix the script .
i took the phone to two different verizon stores , talked to phone support , and even got a replacement- to no avail . finally i installed the sound manager app and set it to " vibrate whenever possible " . this fixed the problem !
do a system wipe and reinstall . this significantly sped up my sensation .
from the looks of it , at this point , marking something available offline only allows you to read it offline when using a mobile device ( source ) . however , you can edit and write files offline if you are using a computer or device running chrome or chrome os . i am sure at some point google will allow editing offline , especially for tablets , but at this point , i am pretty sure that you can online view files offline . sorry .
check to see if " system settings / developer options / stay awake " is checked . it is intended to give exactly that behavior ( "screen will never sleep while charging" ) .
i believe if i understand your question , the linking between your google account happens automatically ( as it should ) when you log into your google account on your handset , and your contacts all synchronize . however it sounds like some of the merging of duplicates , and what number is the " default " number get lost ? for this i would definitely recommend the gmail application online . all you need is to login from a computer and select " contacts " . then just go under " more actions " and do " find and merge duplicates " that should give you just one contact per person . this is your best option if you have lots of contacts , some are duplicates , or other information not entered or organized correctly . it can be quite time consuming and tedious to do editing from the handset . if this is not what you are asking , you may have to rephrase the question slightly . when you say " sync the default number " that is rather ambiguous sentence . for example , i log into gmail , click contacts , and then select one of my friends . there it shows me the numbers stored on my phone ( in the google cloud ) . if i were to change the numbers shown , that change would be reflected when i grabbed the handset next . are you looking to make one number the default number for that person ? and have it do so automatically ? edit : after doing a little more research , it looks like this question was addressed here at the google forums . the last comment in the list ( by ratgurrl ) mentions exactly this frustration . and despite what you do on the phone , when you resynchronize you lose the preference settings you put in the handset , and the ' default ' will revert to whichever contact number is at the top of the list on that contact in gmail . so the real answer until google addresses this : log into gmail , and move the one you want as the " default " contact to the top of the list .
you can go in settings , running applications and close the ones that you do not need . the application that the system needs you will not be able to close . or you can just uninstall the undesired ones as well . and reformat your question so it makes more sense and it is understandable .
i believe this will fix it : go to settings , language and input , google or android keyboard settings then untick the box next to " sound on keypress " .
i think i have found the solution to this . within settings -> power saving there is a setting for background colour for email and internet . turning this off seems to have solved my issues . my sanity has now returned !
i think that if you tap on the screen to set a place for the focus , you will gain some seconds for the effective shoot . it is also allow you to focus on a special part of the picture . i hope it is help .
in tweetdeck , each column has separate notification and update settings . tap the menu key , then column settings . switch notify off , and set your desired update interval , or move the slider all the way to the right to select " manual " .
i finally found out why ! :d when the phone boots - at least if i use go launcher - if the sd card is not completely mounted apps " get lost " . i have completely solved the problem activating my phone card pin code . i turn on the phone , wait on the pin code screen without entering it for a minute and then i enter the pin : everything is perfect . i think the problem can be also solved killing and restarting the launcher but i did not test .
use an alternative browser like flashfox . its selling point is the fact that it plays flash . source : installed flashfox , opened a random channel on micromusic .net, there were sounds !
start off by making sure that you are plugged into a usb 2.0 port . then , put the device in download-mode , $ sudo adb reboot download continue flashing with heimdall , $ sudo heimdall flash --recovery recovery . img that should work ,
you can install busybox from the market too : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=stericson.busyboxhl=en and to your other question i just wanna know what does busy box do ? taken from market description : busybox is a software application that provides many standard unix tools , much like the larger ( but more capable ) gnu core utilities . busybox is designed to be a small executable for use with the linux kernel , which makes it ideal for use with embedded devices . it has been self-dubbed " the swiss army knife of embedded linux " . the official busybox website about page has some more info about what it is too .
it is because google can back up which apps you have installed on your google account , and restore them when you associate your account with a new device . since your friend 's account is new , the apps have not been installed yet , and are therefore not shown . as for why the apps are not shown as installed , it is because they are not installed from google play , but from samsung . if i remember correctly , samsung has it is own samsung apps app , which handles updates for preinstalled applications unless they are associated with their google play counterparts .
this question and answer is basically a duplicate of stackexchange-url see the above link for an example program and more in depth discussion . as far as i know , there are two ways to get the usb permission box popup : request permission explicitly from your application using usbmanager . requestpermission ( . . . ) register an intent-filter on your accessory and let the system ask for permission when the device is attached in the case of 1 i have found that the checkbox on the popup to remember the permission has no effect . for me , i removed all code related to permissions from my software and simply put the intent-filter in my manifest . when the usb device is plugged in , if it has not already been granted permission then the usb permission box will popup . if the user clicks ok without checking the remember box , then the box will popup again the next time the device is connected . however if the user checks the box and presses ok then the box should never display again ( unless the software is uninstalled and then reinstalled ) . i am not sure if there is a bug somewhere related to your device showing up as /dev/bus/usb/001 and then 002 etc - let me know if you are using the intent-filter , as without that the remember checkbox will do nothing . i do not know of any way that you can avoid the permission popup altogether . i suspect there is no way to do it without digging into the android code like you said .
take a look at tasker . it pretty much allows you to automate and set rules for everything on your phone based on times of the day , what apps you are using , your location . . . you can set a profile to automatically turn your gps on or off based on almost any condition you can imagine .
i had a very similar issue on my htc incredible . try unmounting the sd card ( menu-> settings-> sd and phone storage-> " unmount sd card " on my incredible ) and then installing the app . after it finished installing , you can then remount your sd card .
encryption is a fairly cpu intensive process , so using more battery is not unexpected . though it depends a lot upon the apps you use and how much they read/write to the storage . i would expect that an ' idle ' xoom with encryption would last just as long as one without , but if you use an app that does lots of little writes to disk , it will end up using more cpu . the encryption happens at the block layer . this means that small writes to the disk require a read , a decrypt , an update , and then writing the block back . i do not see any useful stats about the actual cpu overhead . ( android is using the ' dm-crypt ' module of the linux kernel to do the disk encryption . )
installing a different rom simply did the job . right now i am using 2.3.5 unfortunately i just have guides in italian and french but a little google translator did the job : ) french : http://www.acer-club.fr/viewtopic.php?f=98t=3336sid=64e715b102a9932965fa871175c01da9 italian : http://www.androidiani.com/forum/modding-acer-liquid-mini/80562-guida-installare-android-2-3-5-su-acer-liquid-mini-custom-rom.html
here is a last ditch solution if you get nothing better : if you know how to use john the ripper then all you have to do is pull all of the files off of your hard drive , and use jtr to crack the password ( depending on the length of the key , this could take days or even weeks ) . then you can make an image file of your hard drive and flash your device using a flashing tool . besides that , i am sure there is no way to disable the encryption without the key . really your only option at that point is to get any files off of it that it will allow you to , and then do a factory reset .
as the firmware resides in /system , flashing a firmware obviously overwrites that partition . /boot is usually involved here as well . whether the two get " wiped " is a different question ; but as otherwise things could get " mixed " , which might cause unwanted side-effects , i would say they are ( i am not 100% sure with this ) . so in these two partitions , nothing of the previously installed firmware should remain . that is different for the other partitions of your device . so usually , /data is not touched by the flashing process , but of course it will be touched once the new system boots up ( it e.g. needs to initialize the dalvik cache for the newly installed system apps , which is located in /data/dalvik-cache ) . for the /cache partition ( holding the application cache ) it is similar : it usually is not touched by the flashing process , but used normally afterwards . hence it is a good idea to wipe these two ( cache and dalvik cache ) when installing a different rom . it might not always be required , but it does not hurt . a factory-reset in principle is a combination of the two : it wipes the /cache and /data partitions . so other than the manual wipe of the caches from a custom recovery , it also removes all user data ( including the user-installed apps ) . note : do not confuse a " wipe " with a " safe erase": with the right tools , data still might be recoverable following a wipe . with this on your mind , your second question becomes obsolete : if you just want a clean system for yourself , this wish is already granted . if , on the other hand , you did these steps to sell your device , there is always the point of what could be restored . for a " safe erase " , you might want to take a look at special tools like nuke my phone / nuke my tablet , which overwrite everything with " garbage data " , and finalize this process with a factory-reset .
use chrome beta for android . it is made by google to test out new features . no root is required and can be installed side by side with the original google chrome app . by default , chrome beta for android will prompt you for a translation when you visit a site . the app can be found on google play . also , if you use the same google account on your phone and in your pc browser , you can install the app from your pc without having to search for it on your phone . it will automatically install .
you can try redirect file organiser . the usage by dev is explained at /r/android over here . hope this is what you are looking for .
if you use odin then i am asuming you have a samsung device . depending on what stock rom you use , i mean if you will flash using 1 file or 3 file rom , if you have a 3 file rom then you have to put in the pit file to , and then you can enable the re-partition . if you use 1 file rom in odin , i think it will re-partition by default so you do not have to check the repartition check box in odin .
no , but this can easily be done using gestures in dolphin browser hd .
once you have activated an input field , you should see a keyboard icon in your notification area . drag the notification bar down and tap on the notification saying Select input method and you should get the menu . if this does not work , it is due to samsung 's modifications . at least the vanilla ics has this option .
short answer : that is no doubt a software issue , reported across forums after an upgrade to ics 4.0 . x . some users reporting this can be found here : galaxy s2 charging port problem - xda-developers re : ics 4.0.3 charging paused , voltage too high an . . . - vodafone eforum do not know with certainty if you have upgraded the firmware to ics 4.0 or any other variant , being the latest ones 4.0.3 or 4.0.4 nonetheless , you either roll back and wait for a new version that does not cause that issue or you can try some of the suggestions provided below ( all reported to have worked without problems by other owners of a samsung galaxy s2 ) . extending the answer : first and above all backup all personal data on your phone to make sure you are not going to lose anything either by rolling back or trying a new/different firmware . e.g. , contacts , sms , mms , internet settings , wi-fi passwords , etc . . . you can go with one of these suggestions : once the backup is concluded , the following solutions are documented as to have solved that particular issue on your phone . solutions ordered from the simplest to the most complicated : clearing cache data the problem you are facing can be related to old files still in cache . follow these steps to clear your cache and see if it solves it : boot your phone in recovery mode , to do that press and hold volume up and middle key , while holding both press power on ; you will see your phone booted in recovery mode , in recovery mode touch screen will not work so use volume up and volume down to navigate through options and middle key to confirm ; choose “wipe cache partition” from menu ; it will clear the cache data ; now select reboot system now ; factory reset samsung has a master reset code used to factory reset your phone . you can try this as to cleanup your phone and wait for a better ics version , or try another ics version ( see suggestion n . º 3 ) : make sure you have a backup of your personal data ( e . g . , contacts , sms , mms , internet settings , wi-fi passwords , etc ) . take your sim and memory card out of your phone turn your phone back on , and wait for the dial pad dial the factory reset code : *2767*3855# this will wipe , reset and then correctly format the internal storage . after the process is completed , place your sim and memory cards back on the phone . firmware flash ( odin ) download the latest samsung odin here , and install either one of the latest ics versions or a previous one that can be found on the links at the very end of this answer . 3.1 . flash your firmware to the android 4.0: xxlpq — update galaxy s2 to android 4.0 official firmware manually this firmware and the guide below is compatible only and only with galaxy s2 , model number i9100 . it’s not compatible with any other device , including us variants of s2 , the epic 4g touch , t-mobile galaxy s2 and at and t galaxy s2 along with skyrocket . check your device’s model number in settings » about phone . 3.2 . install android ics 4.0.3 xxlpj firmware update : install android ics 4.0.3 xxlpj firmware on samsung galaxy s2 gt i9100 here is another tutorial how to install android ics 4.0.3 xxlpj firmware update on samsung galaxy s2 gt i9100 . samsung galaxy ii got the official xxlpq firmware update recently . but the firmware had some bugs and users reported it . samsung revived the android 4.0.3 and added some other latest features 3.3 . flash your firmware to the android 4.0.4: xxlq5 - download and install official android 4.0.4 ics firmware for samsung galaxy s2 finally , you can download and install latest official android 4.0.4 ice cream sandwich firmware on samsung galaxy s ii now . yup , there is a leaked official android 4.0.4 ics firmware for samsung galaxy s2 ~ xxlq5 firmware ( europe region ) . update samsung galaxy s2 i9100 to android 4.0.4 ics xxlq5 leaked firmware samsung galaxy s2 i9100 has been running on the android 4.0.3 firmware and recently there were rumors that said that it won’t receive the android 4.0.4 ics update . however , all these rumors were shattered today because there is a new leaked firmware for i9100 that is based on android 4.0.4 ics and with xxlq5 firmware , which means that samsung should eventually launch the new update in the near future . useful and related links : the official android 4.0 ( ice cream sandwich ) website . a very extensive list with official i9100 firmwares lpe/q/7/2/f/s/4/7/g/9/w/d/f to download and an how-to guide to flash your firmware with odin . android firmwares .net- samsung galaxy s ii firmwares .
nobody posted it as an answer , so i am going to : it is definitely a hardware issue . there is no way that both the simple firmware for battery charging while the phone is off has the exact same bug as the software running when the phone is on . mark wain 's ( deleted ) answer indicates that he had a similar issue that , again , is best explained by bad hardware .
strange that clearing the data did not fix it . however , you should be able to click on each of the apps that are pretend-downloading and hit cancel .
in ankidroid preferences , there is a " reset languages " item : reset language assignments ( for text to speech and dictionaries ) for all decks . reset specific deck assignments on deck picker
so , i have figured out myself what caused the problem , thanks anyway : i tried uninstalling some apps i installed before and looks like " business calendar free beta " caused this problem . after i removed it , it works just fine and normal . and i did not liked it anyway and i think the standard app is good for me .
voice search is the name of the voice interaction app created by google . it allows you to search your phone and the web using your voice . voice actions is a specific feature of the voice search app that allows you to perform actions on your phone using your voice ( such as calling someone , launching your music player , getting directions , etc ) . voice search supports a variety of locales but the voice actions component is only available for a subset of those ( originally us english only , though i believe it has since expanded ) . if you have a separate app named " voice commands " then it is most likely developed by a third-party . i know some verizon phones , for instance , ship with an app named " voice commands " and bottom of the app displays Nuance Communications copyright 2003-2011 .
yes , according to this blog post . it involves android programming , something i am not very familiar with .
it seems that all that i needed to do was reboot my pc . once i rebooted my pc had no problems installing the mtp driver for the device .
a solution is to use number saver which automatically suggests to call a number if the clipboard contains it .
after quite some time a friend of mine goofed around and actually found the fix : cyanogenmod settings > display > automatic blacklight in here enable ' use custom ' and then look at the values in ' edit other levels . . . ' . the levels you want to edit are either the ones under ' buttons ' which are the values for the backlight of the soft keys ( home , menu , back and search ) and the values under ' keyboard ' is for the keyboard backlight . a value of 30 is standard for the ' buttons ' and the values for the ' keyboard ' are only 0 or higher than 0 . ( even though you can choose values between 0 and 255 , it does not seem to matter visibly . )
from what it sounds like , you not only want it to show a higher percentage but also ' use ' this last little bit of juice in the battery . technically you could just modify the icon to show full all the time or be slightly above the real level , but that is just the icon 's look . i think to accomplish what you are trying to do you will have to modify the rom yourself . if your savvy in this field , you can look for some open source roms , modify it , and see if it works .
off in the world of real computers , with very fast memory and orders of magnitude slower storage--hard disks--there is the concept of virtual memory . basically , each application gets what seems like a very large amount of memory , an address space . behind the scenes , this address space is broken up into pages that are transfered between real , fast , memory and a part of the hard disk called swap space ( i.e. . slow memory ) by the operating system and as needed . in linux , this swap space can be one or more specially formatted partitions and/or one or more files , or swap files . the operating system is smart enough to keep track of where it is storing what . it also ensures that before a program tries to read/write from a place in memory , that the page being accessed is first moved to real memory . for example , if you are using your word processor and open 10,000 documents , exhausting main memory , some of the less recently accessed documents may be transfered the swap space to give way for the ones you just opened . if you switch over to your browser , perhaps all of the memory used by the word processor will be shunted to the swap , replaced by the working-state of the browser . again , this is done automatically by the operating system , with no real involvement from programs . according to your programs , they are running on a machine with a very large amount of memory . according to the user , when this swapping occurs , there will be brief delays as the operating system moves data between the two types of memory . back in the windows 95 days , it was pretty clear when the swapping was occurring as the hard disk light would be pretty much solid for a few seconds . so , fast forward to phones . on a phone running android , there is usually no hard disk . instead , you have main memory--ram , or that fast memory mentioned above--and some form of non-volatile storage . it turns out that type of memory is slower than ram , but not nearly as slow as a hard disk . although it would be tempting to use some or all of this non-volatile storage as swap space , i suspect manufacturers and google , observed that one property of this non-volatile storage is that it degrades with repeated writes , and so opted not to use it . this means that instead of having seemingly limitless memory , activities on android only have access to ram . when the android framework tries to start an activity and the operating system says sorry , out of memory , android responds by killing activities until it has reclaimed enough memory . this is why you notice dolphin browser actually reloading pages when you switch from and then back to it : whatever you switched to tried to use so much memory that android had to start killing activities . so , swapper . what swapper does is dig into the operating system and re-enable virtual memory by creating a swap file on your sd card and telling the os about it . the os then makes all programs ( including the android framework ) feel that they each have a lot of memory , and handles moving data between real memory and the swap file . this is why dolphin does not get killed as frequently with swapper enabled . as the swapper page on google play explains , this could have a detrimental effect on whatever non-volatile memory the swap file is placed on . if you are using an sd card , when you start getting write/read errors , you can just swap it out . if you are using a phone with built-in non-volatile memory , it is a different story . i am not 100% sure what sort of impact repeated writes has to this sort of memory , but it is a risk you should be aware of .
simple answer : no . android always uses oom ( out-of-memory ) prioritizing to free unused memory . you can change the priorities of apps ( at least until reboot ) with some task managers but even then if the memory runs low , apps in the background start getting killed . think about this scenario : you have downloaded a badly coded app which runs on boot , causes a buffer overflow and hogs all your memory . normally , this app is killed , but if it is set to stay open it effectively bricks your phone until reboot , and after that starts again , and again , etc . some timers use services with high priorities to avoid this problem , but if you launch enough high-performance , resource-hogging apps while the timer is in the background , it will eventually get killed .
long press the home screen , select samsung widgets--> select program monitor
beyondpod ( $7 but well worth it ) will do everything you mentioned in your question . i have tried doggcatcher and a slew of free apps and i have found beyondpod to be the best . you sort you podcasts from newest to oldest , or oldest to newest , or longest to shortest , or shortest to longest . you can also break them up into categories which i find helpful . also , it is very good at remembering you place . i regularly start one podcast then switch to another , then another and find that i can always return to the unfinished shows without losing my place . there are also numerous autoupdate and auto delete options . you can set certain categories of feeds update on a certain schedule . you can set the auto delete globally , on the category level or at the podcast level , telling it to delete podcasts of a certain age , or tell it to only keep so many podcasts , or delete after listening . its also easy to mass delete all " listened to " podcasts with just two clicks .
the advantage that atrix currently has is that the hdmi out can display up to a 1280x1024 resolution , plus the dock provides full function usb keyboard and mouse . some of the other androids do have hdmi out , however they only mirror the lower resolution of the phone display ( if at all ) most of them only output pictures or videos . the atrix does the best job of providing access to a virtual desktop without compromise . disclaimer : citrix worked with motorola on the atrix solution
it seems like others have had this problem as well : http://www.reddit.com/r/galaxynexus/comments/19y0a9/galaxy_nexus_screen_turn_on_durring_lock_screen/ http://productforums.google.com/forum/#!topic/mobile/pa5jzh-oj4o http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=39625 it is a bug in android 4.2 , specifically with the samsung galaxy nexus . i imagine you recently updated your phone , which is why it has only been occurring as of late . it looks like the cause is from app notifications being pushed to the device and waking it up . here are some common apps that have been known to cause this problem : wechat sleep mode apps mx player dropsync disabling auto-sync has also been known to solve this problem : settings> data usage> and disable auto sync and restrict background data some people have also had success just doing a factory reset . a lot of people have had a lot of success getting rid of this problem by reverting back to 4.1.2 . others have followed this approach and had a lot of success : i had this same problem and i tried disabling apps , uninstalling apps , and factory resetting all with no success . what fixed it for me was taking a very small flat-head screwdriver and gently bending the pins of the micro usb connector up ( towards the screen side ) . over time and through usage , those pins got bent downward , away from the screen side . i think this created some kind of electrical short . i tried this because when the phone was plugged in , the screen stayed asleep . my gnex is now working perfectly again . i hope this helps someone ! how to fix problem the problem is that the hooks inside your charging port are too close to the bottom . therefore with a small knife or needle , life the middle part up nearer to the screen and voila ! your problem should be fixed . its not the software . its the hardware . this seems to be a very weird problem with a lot of different causes . some people have had success with removing or modifying the software , other people think that it is the pin problem . if you get any of these solutions to work , let me know . hope this helps ! john
check this xda post . it has an apk for a 4.2 aosp browser . note : install at your own risk .
they are cache directories that hold ads for games . i have read angry birds is one such game that uses those directories . yes , you could delete them , but they will keep coming back everytime a game reloads their ads .
from what i can make out from your scenario , it seems the culprit is the android 's dalvik cache . quote from a thread in xda forums:- when android starts up , the dalvikvm looks thru all of your applications ( . apk files ) and frameworks , and builds a tree of dependencies . it uses this dependency tree to optimize the bytecode for every application and stores it in the dalvik cache . the applications are then run using the optimized bytecode . this is why when you install a new rom , sometimes it takes a very long time to boot for the first time . any time an application ( or framework library ) changes , it is reoptimized and the cache is updated . and it seems that each time you reboot , the dalvik cache reoptimizes .
you should flash the rom first , unless you need root in order to flash it . ( you can flash via odin without root , but you need rom manager , which needs root , or something to flash if you do not use odin ) . when you flash a rom that is rooted , your device will be rooted ; if the rom is not rooted , the device will not be rooted . you need root to make a full backup . see how to backup an android device ? if you root first , you can install a custom recovery ( e . g . clockworkmod , via rom manager ) that will let you create a nandroid backup of the full rom . that said , with a samsung device you do not need to do this . you can use a tool called odin to reflash the original firmware as long as you have found it for download somewhere . if you need more details on anything i have mentioned , i suggest searching first -- we have lots of questions on rooting , backups , nandroid / clockwork / rom manager , and odin . see also how do i root my device ? , which has some info on considerations and things you can do before rooting .
for some reason google have created a whole new app for the new version of the authenticator app : new version old version see also why does the google authentication app have “obsolete” in its title on play store ? and in the news android police : psa : google 's authenticator updated to v2 , except it is a brand new app , and you need to install it to get future updates ( old one is dead ) it is worth noting that as long as you still have the old version installed when you install and first open the new version , it will offer to import your old settings and accounts . if you remove the old version before running the new one you will need to re-add your accounts , which may involve an annoying process of first turning off two step auth , and then re-enabling it on those accounts .
yes , you should still be prompted for otas . however , they could remove root . source : my n5 prompted me
yes , you can check the SHA1 or MD5 checksum . you did not specify which rom you are downloading . let 's have a look at the nexus stock roms : https://developers.google.com/android/nexus/images#mantaray there is a download link and a version number and checksums listed like that : version : 4.2.2 ( jdq39 ) link : https://dl.google.com/dl/android/aosp/mantaray-jdq39-factory-d79f489e.tgz md5: b7a1162fb4e617143306ef6c4ca6c040 sha1: d79f489e1001d183b31d8a407b47cd5b8e9505cd to verify a checksum you can do it via command line : $ md5sum mantaray-jdq39-factory-d79f489e.tgz b7a1162fb4e617143306ef6c4ca6c040  or : $ openssl sha1 mantaray-jdq39-factory-d79f489e.tgz SHA1(mantaray-jdq39-factory-d79f489e.tgz)= d79f489e1001d183b31d8a407b47cd5b8e9505cd  if it matches with the one stated at the google page , you can assume the file is not corrupted or modified . note : linux , macos , windows the terminal commands only work out of the box in macos or linux . to verify checksums in windows there is a tool by microsoft called checksum integrity verifier .
install a file explorer , say estrongs file explorer , and you would be able to upload arbitrary file from the browser or attach files to gmail .
that " thing " is called " homescreen " or " launcher " ( depending on what aspect of it is addressed ) . and you can long-press an empty space on it , then select to add an app , shortcut , or widget . selecting " app " should list up all available apps , so you can pick the one you want on your homescreen . that is it , you should now find an icon on your homescreen to launch the app . a second way to achieve the same is to open the app drawer , and long-press the icon of the app you want to add to your homescreen . usually , the drawer then " blends out " , and you should see your home screen ( s ) . still holding the icon pressed , move it to the place where you want it to be , then let it go . one more hint : the homescreen cannot be handled via " symbolic links " from within the file system . which shortcut exists on which screen and at what position etc . is stored in the app preferences of the homescreen .
the shell you get from adb shell does not run with special privileges , so you can not read or write files that you would not be able to with a normal app . if you want to access apps ' private data files , you still need to get root permission in the usual way , and use su from the shell . it is not possible to bypass the permissions system . if you want to access inaccessible files , you need to root the device , then use a root app to access them .
top grossing : applications and games generating the most revenue , including app purchases and in-app payments from market help page
generally for video out , you can connect them to your tv to get an even larger screen , for example , to watch videos . or you might be able to use it for doing presentations on a projector , instead of using a laptop .
i found my solution . this feature is provided in go locker . it is so great , and works with google music as well ! very customizable and there are zillion of themes out there . and most important , it is free . i am sure you now think i am affiliated with them , the truth is yes , i use their products and i am addicted to them , that is it !
you most likely have a hotspot timeout setting enabled . you can disable it by going to your advanced hotspot settings , and editing the timeout value to never . note that in some versions of android in order to access the advanced hotspot settings you need to first access the wifi hotspot settings and then press the phone 's menu button .
i have a moto g as well ( small world ) and also had this problem when connecting to my school 's wifi network ( even smaller world ) . it appears like the moto has trouble autodetecting encryption settings on some networks . you can probably get it working by long pressing on the network , selecting modify network , and then changing the ' eap method ' and phase 2 authentication ' options to whatever your network requires them to be . get a friend to open their wifi settings and then copy whatever they have set . a reconnect should grant you access . please let me know if you have any questions or feedback .
i found a pre-installed app on the htc wildfire transfer data that transferred all contacts and sms from the old sonyericsson phone , it was exactly what i needed .
unfortunately there is no way to make text left-aligned with ankidroid . see the issue in our bug tracker , feel free to " star " it to receive notifications about its progress .
i also had this issue recently . i only had one , vertical band , but it still affected use , mostly typing . i demonstrated the issue ( seen below ) and contacted the [ ebay ] seller . they promptly classified it as defective and sent me a new one . this will most likely be the solution to your problem as well . as i did , i would use a drawing program to verify , and inquire about a replacement screen and digitizer .
apparently not . i checked with some people on xda . i just rooted and upgraded to cm10 .
mobile atlas creator ( mobac ) has support for google maps till 1.9beta ( the last stable version is 1.8 ) . it can be downloaded from here . using mobac instead of mapson has the following significant advantages . since the download happens in the computer rather in phone , large area downloads are quite possible . multiple zoom levels can be downloaded and even multiple maps ( like google terrain in one and regular google maps in other ) can be stored in layers . see this answer for more info .
i do not think it makes a difference which android version you use : the support for 4g is provided by the cell radio drivers , added to the system by the manufacturer . the samsung galaxy s advance does not have the hardware needed to use 4g networks , so upgrading the os will not add this support , and there is no way a third-party app can do that either . if you want a phone with 4g , you just have to buy a phone with 4g .
it was beacause i power it up via usb . it sets it is own clock speed to 300mhz . when i power it up via 5vdc power supply , it runs on 1ghz .
you can install and configure t-mobile 's own visual voicemail app . you will get notified about your voicemails through it instead of the system 's phone/dialer app , with the ability to dismiss that notification . as a bonus , you can also listen to and delete your voicemails without having to dial in and waste prepaid minutes . be aware that this app needs to be able to send and receive one sms message in order to enable its functionality . if you are using voice+ feature of cyanogenmod custom rom , you will need to temporarily disable it .
short answer : yes . it depends on the currently enabled wi-fi sleep mode . by default , android disables wi-fi when your device goes into a sleep . in this case , 3g is the remaining mode of network communication , and it gets used by gmail/gtalk push notifications , etc . obviously , this network communication takes its toll on your battery time . if you disable 3g you will save some battery , but your device will be completely offline while in sleep . however , if your wi-fi is " always on " , your 3g will never be used , so it does not really matter if it is on or off . however , " always on " wi-fi is a big battery drain by itself . . . update : note that sleep modes and sub-system energy consumption differ from phone to phone . moreover , 3g energy consumption varies greatly , depends on which background services are enabled , proximity of the cellular tower , etc . i have not seen any " authoritative " documentation on this subject . i suggest you check your battery stats ( in Settings -&gt; Battery ) and see how cellular communication affects your battery time overall . usually , it is a very small percentage , so in general dialing your screen brightness a down a notch will have much greater effect on your battery life .
i have not tested it out , but try the wifi file explorer by dooblou . here 's the link : http://www.pcworld.com/appguide/app.html?id=648691expand=false sounds like it should do the job you are looking for .
in android , a launcher is no different to any other kind of app . the launcher just has an extra intent filter that launches it when you press the home button . if you have more than one launcher app installed , you get a chooser dialog to select one , just like any other time you perform an action that more than one app can handle ( such as sharing a photo ) . android packages are not like packages in gnu/linux distributions . they have very limited access to the system , and can not leave files behind them after you uninstall them ( except on the sd card , if they request the permission needed to access it ) . except when allowed with specific permissions ( which you should always check before installing ) , the only real problem they can cause is using the resources of your phone : taking too much power , network , or storage . in this respect , you do not need to worry about an unstable launcher any more than any other kind of app you install . if my understanding is correct launchers like buzz launcher or go launcher significantly change how android looks , but the changes perhaps do not stop just there . i think you are overstating how much a launcher can do . all it changes is how your home screen looks , including the list of apps and widgets you get to from the home screen . a launcher does not affect the appearance of any other app , nor does it change how android works . it is just an app you launch by pressing the home button .
on an unrooted phone , apps run as distinct users , and do not have access to any files created by other users or system files , i.e. they are ' sandboxed ' . since they can not make any such changes , i would say the only thing they can leave behind is a little detritus on your sd card . on a rooted phone , an app which has been granted root access can do pretty much anything that is possible in the hardware . apps that have root permissions can write on non-read-only storage media ( including modifying the bootloader ) , modify other programs ' private data , modify system settings , modify system files , etc . a rooted app can also hide itself from the system , and pretend to be uninstalled while being perfectly well and alive . basically , rooted apps can do anything that the hardware allows updated to include lie ryan 's info on rooted apps .
if you have android 2.2 , the functionality is built in so there usually is no need to install a separate app . just go to : settings > wireless and networks > tethering and portable hotspot . however , depending on your phone , it is possible that your carrier has locked down this functionality . if this is the case , you can either root your phone and install a clean android 2.2 such as cyanogenmod , or you can call your carrier and pay their fee to enable it .
red when plugged in - charging green when plugged in - charging complete . red when not plugged in - low battery warning blue - audio is recording or you have a notification waiting .
you need to press the vol down and power buttons together , and hold them for a second or so . some users report that it works better if you press both buttons simultaneously , as opposed to one after the other in sequence .
after some research i found some app on market that sets this global setting ( ' stayawake ' ) . missing setting looks like samsung or tmo customization . i am running official tmo 2.2 update ( t959uvka6 ) installed via minikies
note : attempting fastboot flash on ur device may cost you your data . so be careful i figured out that i had an outdated android sdk . i downloaded the latest one , and did : fastboot flash boot fastboot flash recovery fastboot flash userdata and in a couple of minutes i had the stock rom up and running .
you can attach files with the gmail app . just click attach image , select astro to browse and select the pdf you wish to attach
it is a system service , not a standalone application . it is " google play services " . can not uninstall system services without root privileges . if you do so with root privileges it may cause problems with google play . settings > apps > all > click on google play services and uninstall updates will work , but it will uninstall only updates . it will update automatically again by google .
you should check your usb connection mode . this can be found in Settings -&gt; Wireless and network -&gt; USB Settings . this should be set to Mass storage to access the memory card . alternatively , you can use the debugging mode by selecting Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Development -&gt; USB debugging . after this plug your phone in to the usb , open the notification bar and tap the usb debugging notification to get to mount your drives .
it took a lot of effort but i actually found a working solution to my problem . i first updated my phone to latest available android version 2.3.6 and that did not solve my problem . so i installed an app that shows me more details about the network setup of my phone . and after some digging around i noticed what was wrong : my phone did not have a default ipv4 route . how did that happen ? in the dhcp i push a default route ( dhcp option 3 ) ! i realized that when i just had the ipv6 link ( which is part of a whole new internet connection ) my phone did connect to the internet with both ipv4 and ipv6 . so i recreated the original setup and found that in that scenario indeed it does work . so what is different ? it took me two nights with wireshark to track the culprit down . the real reason turns out to be that i have a static route for my dmz which is pushed by my ipv4 dhcp server ( dhcp option 121 ) . when i do that the android phone only shows a route for the local subnet and the additional route i pushed . the default route is lost , hence ipv4 traffic is distorted . apparently android even no longer tries to do ipv4 dns requests ( which is the problem i started with ) . all of my other systems ( windows {xp , 7} , linux , android 3 . x ) do not do this and they keep all of the pushed routes and the default route . once i figured out what the problem was i could google more effectively and i found this bug report : http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=17525 which in turn led to a workaround that actually works ! ! quote from http://forum.xda-developers.com/archive/index.php/t-635489.html so when looking at the dhcp ack packet you will see the default route in there twice : under option 3 and 121 . quite an unexpected workaround . . . but it works for me . it turns out the android behaviour is correct : http://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3442#page-5 "If the DHCP server returns both a Classless Static Routes option and a Router option, the DHCP client MUST ignore the Router option." 
it sounds very much like the recovery is borked . i recommend using odin to re-flash recovery ( or even the entire rom if you can get ahold of an odin-flashable version ) . here 's a recent guide from xda .
making a dual boot is possible , there is a nice app for that end available from google play store . boot manager pro ( 2,17€ ) and the boot manager lite ( free ) , both from init 2 winit apps . boot manager is android 's first multi-boot application . it allows you to install boot roms from your sdcard and boot between then with just a reboot . the application acts as your recovery for your sdcard slots . install your kernels , themes , and roms all through the app and use your normal recovery for your phone rom only . unfortunately , i have not found any supporting information if this will or will not share apps between roms , but at the very least it solves the dual boot problem . ps : since apps when installed on the sdcard still leave a portion of their code on the main installation directory of the current rom , it does not seen possible to have apps shared across different roms .
in the cyanogenmod zip 's updater script , remove the entire assert() line . that will remove the device identity verification and will let the recovery commence flashing immediately .
a search of the play store for the phrase " game services " finds about 20 games at the moment . additionally this google docs spreadsheet lists many games with game services integration : https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/lv?key=0aitefls7rhjydfzgufq5mfliu2iznfpmqtazc0jhmk
this is because the device location is detected from the sim card in use . i am not sure how the web market location is detected . perhaps look at using a proxy . but if you wish your change your sim location check this out : https://market.android.com/details?id=ch.racic.android.marketenabler
the incredible 2 has a defective charging port that does not typically last a long time . it is an extremely common issue with this phone . chances are , this is what you are seeing . disclaimer : i have been using my current dinc2 for ~18 months and have not had this issue yet , but i did see it on a used phone i attempted to buy . anyway , my plan for if/when this does happen is : repair htc incredible 2 usb charge port the part is supposed to be $12 and takes an hour to do . if you are not comfortable doing it yourself , i would take it to a cell phone repair shop .
when i first rooted my droid ( with easyroot ) , i remained on the stock rom until i got annoyed by the ota update message ( and ended up switching to cm6 ) . however , i was able to use wireless tether without doing anything else . no new kernel , no mods , nada . just root on vanilla android . if you have already updated to the latest version of android via ota , then i am pretty certain you had have to downgrade your phone to get root to work unless there is a new method to get root now . i know for a fact that easyroot no longer works with the ota update .
google displays weather conditions using weather underground as per google web search features page . all weather conditions and forecasts are provided by weather underground , inc . so , google now also might be picking from the same source .
i think this is an unresolvable issue but you can find more info at the link below stackexchange-url
there are multiple solutions . as i do not know how you tried to download it ( or with which app you received it ) , i will give you a few " blind shots": downloading it with the browser : this might give you the error you described ( see below for a possible solution on this ) , or might simply store the file in your downloads folder ( depending on the browser used ) . in the latter case , the saved file is often mis-named to .epub.html , so you had have to rename it and strip the .html off to be able to open the book with your reader . receiving it with the mail/gmail app : there should be a way to simply " save the attachment " to your sdcard . you need to find the correct folder with some ebook readers ; aldiko might offer you to import it to its library from wherever you have stored it . downloading it with your pc , and copying it to your device : same steps as above after saving the attachment . try moon+ reader as alternative ebook reader app : as far as i remember , moon+ registers itself for the .epub extension , which should completely solve your problem with the error message ( the book would be opened directly in moon+ reader ) . and even if not , it has a lot of opds libraries pre-configured where you can download books from directly from within the app . one or more of above items should help you out of your misery . enjoy ebook reading ! ps : if you like moon+ : until the end of this month ( february 28 , 2013 ) , the pro version ( moon+ reader pro ) is offered for half of its usual price to celebrate its return to the playstore after having been unfairly banned . this is an offer you should take then : )
you could try to use the " static ip settings": go to settings -> wireless and network -> wi-fi settings press menu button , select advanced check use static ip look for your pc 's ip address , and enter a similar address for ip address ( e . g . if your pc 's one is 192.168.1.2 , try 192.168.1.3 ) . enter your router 's ip as gateway ( usually 192.168.1.1 or 192.168.178.1 etc . ) enter 255.255.255.0 as the netmask . it is important that the ip address is not already used in your network .
go to the air gesture settings and deselect " quick glance "
this question has been answered by @derobert at stackexchange-url msc mode only works for accessing a memory card , which i do not have ; for accessing the phone 's own file system , i need another access mode .
the reviews i have read seem to indicate that the optimus will happily play standard-definition xvid and divx video files in avi format so try using the "-vcodec mpeg4" setting . http://ffmpeg.org/faq.html#sec20
the google experience launcher is actually built into the google search app along with google now . this is why it can listen for ' okay google ' and have google now accessible via the left swipe . ars technica has a good article which goes into more details on this . there are some launchers that support gestures , which might be similar to the left swipe to access the google now page ( although they will only be able to launch google now in the same way an upward swipe does ) . i do not think there are any that support saying ' okay google ' from the homescreen though .
to do a factory reset , you should be able to go to Settings -&gt; Privacy and hit factory data reset . alternatively though , to just clear the sms data you should go to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications and find the sms app ( "messaging " or similar ) and clear the data for it . there may also be something like " messaging storage " that you need to clear . if you really need to boot into recovery , i would try the following : hold power and volume down until the phone reboots or turns on hold the power button for two more seconds , then release it ( if the phone reboots again , you held it too long ) keep holding volume down until recovery mode appears
/data/media contains a number of folders including legacy and obb , neither of which appear to be shared between users , at least not on my nexus 10 . it also contains a 0 folder which is the emulated sd card of the first user , then 10 , 11 and 12 for the sd cards of the first three other users of the device . i know you said your device is not rooted and you seem to be able to use obb ( which i can not ) but if you root , you will be able to access any sd card image this way . hope this helps in some way .
install their new extension , sync bookmarks with chrome flawlessly https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/dolphin-connect/pajecklcmiegagoelbbjldmfcbcpdpll have fun : )
aside from the usual battery-saving tips ( like disabling data / wi-fi ) , you could use an app like screen filter to reduce the brightness of the device ; this reduces power consumption . if available , you might also invert the colors in your reader app . for example , ezpdf reader has a Night mode feature which makes the background black and the text white ( as opposed to the standard black on white ) . of course , this is only applicable to pdfs with actual next , not scanned images .
i am answering my own question from what i have gathered . there seems to be no way to prioritize , say , doggcatcher , if it is playing music in the background . when the operating system runs out of memory , it starts summarily killing background processes . the best i can do is kill dispensable background processes before starting these two apps . first i turn off sync . then i go to manage apps and open the running tab , note which apps are running , open the downloaded tab , and from there force stop the apps . note that if you simply stop the services from the running tab , the apps will usually restart them . after that i clear the app cache from the all tab . i am not sure how necessary this step is , as the problem occurs rather nondeterministically . after that i start doggcatcher and endomondo . especially facebook app just keeps starting all kinds of services that consume a lot of memory , no matter how it is configured , so i uninstalled the app and started using the mobile site with web browser . the mobile site is also more robust , i think it has more features , and i got rid of the annoying notifications .
i doubt it . i have done the same with a gsm galaxy s ( the vibrant ) with no problems . of course it probably depends on whether you have a really terrible rom , but rooting alone should not matter . and it might be different for cdma . but worst case , you can just flash back to stock . my vibrant picked up the network settings on it is first boot with a sim , i would again assume your first boot-up after activation would cause the same thing . plus , if the custom rom is captivate-based and not i9000-based , it might have the network settings already built in ( and just need to pick up the phone number ) .
sounds like hacker 's keyboard might be a good try for you . it does not have some of the rightmost keys ( insert , end , page up/down , also f1-f12 ) visibly displayed on the main layout , but they are available by pressing the " fn " key . here 's the layout on a tablet :
have you enabled the visibility of these labels/folders from the imap section of options in the main gmail web interface . advanced imap controls were recently rolled out to all users , so certain labels/folders may have been deemed hidden . click settings and then within the labels section , check mark those boxes whose labels you want shown as imap folders by selecting show in imap . =========== update : also check within k9 account settings > folders and make sure certain folders are not hidden .
use titanium backup , it'll fit your needs .
to my knowledge , twrp does a nandroid backup . as you can read in the tag wikis of the mentioned tags ( nandroid , backup ) , a nandroid backup takes images of your partitions . it is not a backup on the file level , but on partition level . so it includes everything stored on those partitions . doing a full nandroid backup of your system thus includes the entire system , one file per partition . there are only very few things not contained , such as the radio-firmware . so to put it as a short direct answer to your question : yes , a full nandroid backup would include all your apps , app data , messages , contacts . though it might be complicated to extract them separately ( nandroid can not do that , it is always an " all-or-nothing " . but e.g. titanium backup can read data from nandroid backups . just in case you will need that : )
i can think of two reasons why a cm rom might reduce battery life : cpu governor : the cpu governor controls the frequency of the cpu depending on the requirement . your rom might be using a governor that favours performance over battery life . selecting a governor that achieves a good balance between performance and battery life might help you . you can learn more about cpu governors here battery calibration : the battery status is stored in a file called batterystats . bin . its possible that your phone is using the same batterystats . bin that came with the rom . you can use an application like battery calibration to regenerate this file with new/accurate stats . ( a myth according to this )
if that is a malware , it will take care to leave no tracks ( i.e. . deleting the sent message ) . two things you should do asap : contact your provider and check what messages where sent . especially expensive " premium " messages . it could be something sends " just spam " , but it also could be some " money generator " . check with a permission checker what apps have the permission to . . . send sms/mms deactivate your lockscreen ( aka keyguard ) if you find an app that has both permissions , that is a very likely candidate . a good app to check this is e.g. rl permissions , which lets you check by app and by permission : rl permissions : apps by permissions / permissions by app ( source : google play ; click images for large variants ) as rl permissions has not been updated for more than 2 years , an alternative to this is permission explorer , which offers similar features : permission explorer : apps by permissions / permissions by app ( source : google play ; click images for large variants ) once you have identified a suspicious app , deactivate or uninstall it . watch if the described behaviour continues . if it does not , you have got the culprit . one more lesson learned : just having some antivirus on your device does not mean you are safe and do not need to care . those " checkers " mostly compare with a database of known malware . unlike their pc companions , they do not do heuristic scans .
there is nothing available . while it is theoretically possible with the hardware , in practice it would be very difficult to implement and would probably need a custom rom that supported it . even the tools for doing this on a desktop ( aircrack , etc . ) generally require specific wireless chipsets and drivers to do wireless packet capture . edit : there is now a project that got monitor mode working on the galaxy s2 and the google nexus one . see http://bcmon.blogspot.de/
yes and no . as far as i am aware , a typical android install will not contain unzip . you can , however , install busybox for android , which provides the unzip utility . then a simple : adb shell unzip /sdcard/archive.zip  would do the trick . if you are rooted you can use a busybox installer from the market like stericson 's . if you are not rooted then you should be able to manually push a busybox binary ( one here on github , for example ; click " raw " to download it ) to somewhere like /data/local and then invoke it . it should be something like : alternatively , many file managers will unzip files for you . i personally use file expert but there are a lot of others . usually you just need to long press on the archive and it will present an " extract " option or similar .
yes , it is possible to install custom kernels on stock roms . the kernel developer will usually say which roms ( or types of roms ) the kernel supports . if you are not sure you can try reading the kernel thread , and there will always be poeple saying things like " working great on [ firmware version here ] " . this way you can also make sure that it will work ok on your version of the stock rom . as for your example , yes you can flash this on your stock rom : xda-developers
are you sure it really was one of your relatives sending this mail -- and not just a spammer using their address as sender ( as the url suggests ) ? i would for sure not install that , to me it looks like malware . ask that relative first if and why and what he sent . a google search revealed some related information : on xda one encountered something similar , and they assume it is rather malware bestappmarket informs this app was removed from google play ( hm , guess why ) . same information is found at androidinformer and here it comes : virustotal clearly lists it as malware , being detected as such by several malware scanners . conclusion : keep your fingers off ! do not install !
purchase a mouse which supports multitouch gestures ( using which you zoom in or out ) . e.g. padkite if you do not want to purchase anything , just go to dolphin 's Settings , tap Lab and turn on pinch-Zoom Button . then , you will find +/- clickable buttons to zoom in or out .
many apps use the imei for analytics purposes , for example counting users . most tools like google analytics or flurry need a unique id per phone , so the imei fits quite well . note that this does not work on non-cellular platforms ( like tablets ) , and the imei can also be faked : this is why some apps choose a different system ( see this article ) .
you might want to try moving apps installed in internal memory to sd card by long pressing on the desired app from the app drawer and dragging it up to the app info panel , scroll down and there you may find the " move to sd card " option . however afaik you cannot move apps to sd on the s3 unless rooted . you got to manage your files and apps using the 11 gb available or else root your device .
what makes this easy is using tab-completion to complete the device id . type adb -s D0  and press tab . the plugin in your shell will run adb devices to find the full device id and complete it on the command line for you . you can then type in the rest of the command . adb is a tool for developers , and even developers do not usually run it by hand from the command-line : both the main android development environments ( eclipse-based and intellij idea-based ) have gui wrappers . there is not really a need for it to be any more user-friendly than it is .
ok , there has to be at least one other contact , then there are these " three dots " .
the application bootloader ABOOT boots the android kernel/recovery kernel . it is the mechanism to download images onto the device from a host machine ( like windows/linux pc ) . on samsung devices it runs the odin protocol on the device . the primary bootloader boot part is a computer program that loads the main operating system or runtime environment for the computer after completion of the self-tests . the pbl acts as a communication engine to download the secondary boot loader ( sbl ) into the internal ram and then activates it . the sbl adds functions for erase and programming of flash memory and eeprom ; it also handles the actual download of new or updated software . this allows a minimum rom utilization by the pbl
you can find out by issuing the command mount at a terminal prompt ( either via adb shell of using any terminal app ) . as i have no access to your sdcard , i cannot answer the question for sure ( i could only tell you about mine , where the relevant parameters are set as codepage=cp437,iocharset=iso8859-1,shortname=mixed,utf8 . so it is " latin-1" ( iso-8859-1 ) , which seems quite logical with a fat file system , and probably is also used in your case . full list of options :
thumb keyboard allows for this , as well as many other handy features which make it well worth the money paid version 7 day trial version
titanium backup etc just use in-built Package Manager (pm) to freeze an app . pm has a feature to prevent apps from running and from appearing in launcher . to use it , titanium backup etc execute following command : pm disable {package_name} you can freeze apps by yourself without using a dedicated freezer app . just use the above command in terminal emulator or ADB Shell . for example , if you want to freeze Stock Web Browser , open Terminal Emulator and switch to root using su command . then , execute # pm disable com.android.browser . it'll return #Package com.android.browser new state: disabled . done ! restart your launcher ( some devices may require reboot ) to see the app icon gone . to defrost the app , just replace disable with enable in the command .
nxp 's nfc taginfo app can copy the text from a text record on a scanned nfc tag to the clipboard . there are other apps with similar functionality . copying text from text records on nfc tags is not something that is built into android without installing and running an app .
with as advanced of a phone as the s3 is , you should not be experiencing much , if any , lag at all . chances are , it is something you have or have not done to the phone . 1 . try restarting it . often times , ram will remain in use even when applications are no longer being used . restarting it will bring your phone back to where it is not using ram from all the apps you have been using since the last time you restarted it . 2 . you said that you clear your cache . . . i am assuming you mean ram cache , versus data cache . android 's way of memory ( ram ) cache " clearing " is not always ( or even often ) entirely effective . an app i have fell in love with for cleaning out ram ( as well as it is anti-virus abilities ) is 360 mobile security - antivirus , which you can download from the app store . it'll force out memory in ways many apps do not , and also gives you the benefit of having an anti-virus program built in . root gives more functionality to it , but you said you do not use root , but i thought i would throw that out there for anyone reading this that might have root . 3 . update your android system . 4.1.2 is not known for it is " buttery smooth interface and performance " . settings --> about phone --> update ( may be in status tab ) will likely be able to update android 's platform for you . if not , outside of rooting and changing your rom , guess you will be stuck with 4.1.2 unless your carrier provides an update service for you . 4 . check your settings . there is things in the developer 's options menu that'll effect transition speed , which can give appearances like lag . developers options --> window/transition animation scale is the place you want to check . x1 seems to be a standard setting , but the lower you go , the faster the system will react visually , and ( when available ) , i set mine to x . 25 , but that is not always an option ( in roms ) , where-as x . 5 usually is available . use x . 5 if x . 25 isnt available . there is a couple other things in developer 's options that could help you out too , take a look around . 5 . keep on researching the issue if this does not help . the answers are out there .
the pdanet adb driver ( http://pdanet.co/a/ ) worked .
i think you need to buy one of these mhl to hdmi converters - it mentions that it specifically supports your device .
the samsung galaxy y is a low spec phone and most importantly this can be observed with its display . some common models in comparison ( by resolution , pixel per inch , screen size , price ) : galaxy y : 240x320 , 132 ppi , 3.0in , 110eur galaxy ace : 320x480 , 165 ppi , 3.5in , 190eur galaxy nexus : 720x1280 , 316 ppi , 4.65in , 410eur the text is blurry because there are much less pixels per inch to allow it to display text beautifully . you most probably can see individual pixels without a magnifying glass in comparison to " hd " displays like the galaxy nexus ' and such .
one of my family members had the same problem , sd card misbehaving , then working for a few days , on and off . after a week or so the phone did not read the card at all and neither did the pc . fortunately i backed up the content of the card after the first problem . the card worked for about a month after formatting , but died eventually . i do not know what causes this . i do not know how to stop it . i know what you should do : a backup .
you can try to press and hold the pair/reset button on the back of the revue for 10 seconds . source using the hardware button press and hold the pair/reset button located to the left side of the left hdmi port on the back of the box for about 10 seconds . the revue will then restart with factory default settings . using the menus 1 . from the home screen select applications . 2 . choose settings . 3 . select about . 4 . choose factory data reset . 5 . select reset device . 6 . select erase everything . the pair/reset button is the one identified by number ( 1 ) on page 3 of the logiteh revue manual .
with the helpful assistance from couple of people from xda developers forum i was able to fix the gps . i have found a modem file that was supposed to fix it in this xda thread , and did everything by the instructions there . all i had to do is download a .zip file that contains two modem files ( mk2 modem ) in it , and flash them in order with odin . after that i checked the gps with gps status app and it locked onto a satellite blazing fast . i noticed couple of hours later that suddenly the cellular signal was really weak in area that should have full coverage . so i flashed this modem ( bn4 ) and it fixed it ( and the gps also fine ) .
if there is an app you like by that publisher , open the entry for the app in the market and select " view more applications " . or you can search by name : pub:"Google Inc." 
i prefer google goggles ( available in the market ) for qr scanning to download an app . the most recent version now " sees " the qr and automatically captures it ( older version required you to snap the picture before it is processed ) , then presents a link to the market .
kineto is the company that makes the wifi calling software that is present on some tmobile phones such as the g2 . unfortunately this software is poorly written . to make matters worse it is only possible to stop or remove the software if you root your phone . ( more accurately it is not your phone - it is tmobile 's phone to do with as they please . ) coincidentally i contacted kineto support yesterday to complain . if more people do that maybe it will get fixed . it constantly spews out log messages at the error level every second or so , despite the messages not being errors you cannot stop the software ( needs root ) and the constant logging still happens even if you disable wifi calling sometimes the software gets confused and you have to reboot the phone to get it working again they have not structured it like most android apps separating the user interface from the service it looks to me like they had an existing codebase that they ported to android hence its poor structure and operation .
i went to a cricket retailer ( not an official store ) for an unrelated issue with my new phone and , interestingly enough , they can , and will , flash the stock rom back onto my phone . so , problem solved and lesson learned !
looks like it has been reported as a swiftkey bug for the nexus 10 as well . your best best is probably wait to get this fixed . i suggest you click the vote button in their support site to increase the bug 's priority . i just added 3 votes for you ! note : i do not use swiftkey . i use go keyboard .
in settings , goto applications > internet > clear defaults . next time you perform a search it should ask you which you would like to use and simply select dolphin .
yes , to an extent . i know there are apps that will create an ssh terminal . most likely there are other apps that can process other types of protocols . there are only few tablets that compatible with ubuntu ( at least work well with ) . the nexus 7 and/or 10 being a prime example . from what i hear , it works very well and is almost no different from the desktop version . in my opinion , from what you are looking for , i would get a nexus 7/10 and try out android os , and if it can not do everything you want it to , then install ubuntu .
there is an app called altitude that does allow you to configure those settings per installation ( = per device in your case ) . edit : purpose of the app - updating your latitude status/location base on more fine grained settings ( update interval , location source ) . altitude on android market xda thread i would recommend to configure latitude to " manual location " and altitude to automatic update , but first read through the thread to check if this tool does the trick for you .
this sounds to me like a similar problem i have had with duplicating images in the gallery . i fixed this by clearing the gallery data , and allowing it to rebuild next time the media scanner ran . i would suggest trying the same technique . i would imagine that whereas i deleted the data from the gallery app , you should try clearing data from the stock android music player , or failing that from poweramp . settings-applications-manage applications-all-gallery-clear data ( confirm ) . this does not delete your media itself , just the database that details where the media is . the media scanner will rebuild this database automatically next time it scans . it would be prudent to backup your phone contents before you try this .
there is currently no way of accessing the history without a device that has a scrollwheel . for some reason , google did not implement any ui or touch screen functions with the history , and therefore the only way to access it is to scroll down with a scrollwheel . there is a bug report here . there is an improved calculator app from cyanogenmod called cyanogenmod calculator , which has a history . ( the link should work but is untested since google play throws an ssl certificate error on my current connection )
a lot of the recent htc phones can lock and home at the same time , that may be what you are doing by accident . as previously stated , the google+ app by default backs up your pictures to a ( private ) online album for easier sharing . this can be turned off entirely , or configured to only sync on wifi ( to save your data allowance ) and give you a chance to delete unwanted pictures before they are uploaded .
as far as android is concerned , they are the same app , and hangouts is just a new update for talk which happens to change the user-facing name . ( apps also have a package name , which is how android decides if they are the same app . ) it works like any other update : it completely replaces the old version in your phone 's internal storage . like any other update , once you have updated , you can not go back to the version you had before . but in this case , talk is an app that is built into your rom ( assuming you are not on a custom rom : if you do not know , you are not ) . like any other app from the rom , you can uninstall all updates and go back to the original version . to do this , go to the settings app , go to the apps page , find hangouts in the list of apps , and click uninstall updates . this will not restore the version you had before the update : it'll go back to the original version that was on the phone last time you did a system update . ( if you have never done a system update , that is the version that was on the phone when you took it out of the box . ) there is no guarantee that such an old version will continue to work .
have a look at this application book catalogue
if you install a file manager app like astro file manager you can put any files into any directory you create , including pictures . then all you have to do is make a shortcut to that directory on the home screen .
currently on the nexus-5 stock launcher the ' google experience launcher ' or ' gel ' for short , there is no way to customise the app picker / app drawer . you could install a free third party launcher such as nova launcher which i have checked and it has a ' list ' option , or apex launcher the potential downside to a third party launcher is you will lose the google now integration on the left most homescreen and the ok google functionality .
you are probably not in the us , right ? seems that google maps 5.0 is not yet available in many countries ( just like google reader for android ) . meanwhile , you can use a link to the . apk file here : http://thegadgets.net/technology-news/download-google-maps-5-0-apk/ download the apk file , copy to the sd card , and open with e.g. linda file manager . hope this helps .
this is not an android problem at all . you can simply run the commands from flash-all . sh by hand , changing each one to name fastboot by its full path , or you can set the $PATH in your shell . PATH="$PATH:/Applications/Android Developer Tools/sdk/platform-tools/" ./flash-all.sh  you should also check that the fastboot executable is executable . this probably will not be the case if you have extracted the files onto a non-ext partition . the following output is a correct example : note the x in the fourth column , and that the files are owned by the user i am running as .
titanium stores the . apk 's in /sdcard/TitaniumBackup/ and the data in the same folder in zip files . you can click the . apk to install it when viewing in a file manager . to restore the data , you can extract the zip file on a pc and copy the contents of the data folder ( another folder named something like com.domain.appname ) to /data/data/ on the device using adb : adb push com.domain.appname /data/data/
i have a samsung galaxy s4 , but you should have something similar to this : System settings &gt; Connections &gt; More Networks &gt; Tethering and portable hotspot &gt; Portable Wi-Fi hotspot .
it looks like there are no android 4.4 images ready yet for this . in the download area of the android x86 project you can find a couple of images and more , starting with android 1.6 ( donut ) and currently reaching up to android 4.3 ( jelly bean ) , and also other useful resources . might be worth checking there again later , as i would expect they add 4.4 as soon as they have an image ready for that . i am not sure whether the genymotion project ( the " next generation " of androidvm ) offers some image downloads as well , as checking would require one to sign-up first . genymotion is another vm solution , which afaik works together with virtualbox . it should be quite fast and stable , is based on android x86 , and available for macos , linux , and windows alike .
in google chrome for android , go to Settings &gt; Content settings &gt; Website settings . select the website in concern , and clear the data / cache for it .
why does every application run as a separate user ? because android enforces a far stronger process isolation as traditional ( desktop ) operating systems like unix , linux or windows , while still allowing interaction between applications ( ipc is one of the strengths of android ) secured by a good security model . if it is for security reasons , so that one application cannot harm another ? it is mostly for privacy reasons , but also comes in handy from a security perspective . the strong isolation of apps in android guarantees that no app can affect another app . why is it not like that in the desktop linux distros ? most modern desktop multi-user systems have the focus on isolating users . processes are also isolated , but not as strong as on android . for example , if you install a program on linux or windows , it will have full access to your private user data . on android , if not special permission is granted , it will have only access to its own data . a while ago , the fact that android apps that request the READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE permission also get access to the users pictures residing in /sdcard/DCIM was a big shop stopper . somehow , nobody seemed to remember that under a normal gnu/linux or windows installation , every installed app that is run by the user has full access to it is private data . android is a few steps ahead compared to traditional operating systems when it comes to permissions and access control for normal end-users . typical linux installations for end-users do not expose those features yet . likely because nobody has written nice , user-friendly guis for them . and if there will be ever another windows version after win8 , we likely see a similar permissions system there too .
that is rather a shell scripting question to be asked at super user . your answer can be found here : extract filename and extension in bash : should work on most shells , supposedly . update : you can even omit half of your script by adapting this to your original statements : dexopt-wrapper $i1 ${i1%.*}.odex should create the file with the correct naming , so no need to rename it later . to make your script real short and handy : that is all you should need : )
the problem went away after the ics update was pushed out .
if that happens on linux the reason is usually that the adb daemon is unable to write to the usb device in /dev . for more information see this answer on stackoverflow .
you can use any launcher ( eg . nova launcher ) . when you add the shortcut to the home screen , press and hold on the shortcut icon , tap Edit . after this , it will open a dialog box to edit the caption along with the icon . tap on the icon and select the required one from your phone .
this depends a little on the device and what version of android you have . on versions of android later than 4.1 you can access safe mode by bringing up the power down menu ( i.e. . hold the power button ) and long pressing the " power off " option . this will bring up a little dialog box that will ask if you want to reboot into safe mode . the addition is noted on the android web site under " system " changes . on some older phones - though not all will necessarily support this - there may be a button combination that you can hold at boot to get into safe mode instead . for example , the galaxy s2 used to allow you to hold down the hard menu button during the boot process to start up in safe mode . others have used ( i believe ) holding both volume up and volume down . check your user manual ( or google ) for your specific device to find more information , including whether or not the device supports safe mode at all . as to what " safe mode " means - it generally disables third party apps and widgets , to help you recover from a bad app install , give you a chance to remove a possibly rogue/malicious app , or simply determine what apps may be causing problems in your system .
you have not mentioned your android version , if it is android 4.0+ , i fear you cannot do this . there is no option to show contacts with phone numbers only in People app that is included in 4.0+ . if you are on gingerbread or earlier versions , you have a setting something like this : Contacts app - &gt; Menu -&gt; Display Options -&gt; Only contacts with phone numbers  i am talking about stock android apps , your manufacturer / rom builder may have a tweak depending on what rom are you running . i do not see a chance , but still a possibility . see this similar question .
so this turned out to be a pretty easy fix , once it dawned on me what it was . i just recently installed the xposed framework , and the xprivacy module . when i uninstalled the old hangouts , it must have deleted all the old permission settings in xprivacy , and then when i reinstalled it , it defaulted to maximum restriction . with access to the phone accounts restricted , hangouts was not able to see my google accounts . the fix was as simple as fixing the permission settings for hangouts in the xprivacy module .
if you root your device using one of the more modern methods , then you should have a superuser . apk installed that will prompt you before any apps are given root access . the superuser application also keeps track of the applications that have been given root access . if you do not know about rooting , there is no way you have an apps that uses root except if your phone is a second hand , and the previous owner did not wipe and reinstall a stock firmware .
you can see the permissions of installed apps . go to Market -&gt; Menu button, My apps -&gt; select an app -&gt; Menu button, Security  there are also apps called permissions watchdog , and permissions , as per al 's comment .
i eventually tracked this down using the app " task identifier " . it is a bit awkward to use and has an odd interface , but it also has the useful feature of showing an alert if apps activate when the phone is sleeping . it turned out that the problem was the sync service from the doubletwist app , and it appears that it was indeed caused by an inappropriately-used acquire_causes_wakeup wakelock . i have e-mailed them a bug report .
probable answer by guessing what you are doing : if all those unwanted pictures are also displayed in the galery , and you use some " media-importing-software " ( as opposed to just copying files in explorer yourself ) : this importing software is probably contacting your android device 's media server for " media of the type image " , so it gets all images returned the media service knows about . no big help up to this , but : you can tell the media service to exclude directories from its library by placing an empty file named .nomedia there ( the leading dot is essential in the file name ! ) . as soon as the media scanner finds that file , the entire directory it resides in ( including all subdirectories ) is skipped . if there are any pictures , videos or sound files , they will not show up in the galery ( but you still can access them via a file browser if you want ) , and the media service will not even know they exist . so the next time it is asked for " all media of type image " , those files will not be mentioned .
wipe data will wipe everything on your /data partition ( hence the name ) . a factory reset will wipe the same ( additionally also cache and dalvik cache ) , and put your device back to a virgin state . usually , this does not touch the ( external ) sdcard , and afaik should not touch the internal sdcard either . i do not know on which partition your mentioned folder resides ; but if you want to be on the safe side , back up everything to the external sdcard ( or even better off-device , e.g. to your computer ) .
the exact location of the contacts database might depend on your manufacturer 's " customization " . while " plain vanilla android " has them in /data/data/android.providers.contacts/databases , the stock rom on my motorola milestone 2 e.g. uses /data/data/com.motorola.blur.providers.contacts/databases/contacts2.db instead . a raw mask to check for is /data/data/*.providers.contacts/databases/*.db . the file is in sqlite3 format , and can be browsed on your pc with e.g. sqliteman , which is available for linux , mac , and windows alike . with this application you can browse the database in a graphical mode . of course you also can use the command line sqlite3 client if you prefer . crucial point to directly access this database is that your device must be rooted -- a precondition you already meet , as your question states . so you can either use a file manager to navigate to the database file , and copy it to your computer for investigation -- or directly pull it to your computer via adb pull . a third option would be to investigate it directly on your device , e.g. using the sqlite manager or asqlitemanager app .
the radio firmware controls basic low-level functions like network connectivity , wi-fi , and gps . for several years , though , " radio " means " baseband " , and controls network connectivity aspects only , while wifi and gps are governed by os drivers , like any other devices . usually upgrading your radio will not give you any new features but will fix connectivity issues , increase range or performance , decrease battery usage , or the like . some rom 's require you to have the latest radio versions to work . while a botched radio upgrade can brick your phone , the process is basically the same as upgrading your rom . just make sure not to unplug or power down your phone in the middle , make sure you trust the person who released the radio firmware , and try to read some comments or reviews .
short answer to your questions : in many cases , the camera app itself offers to chose the storage for images/videos . check its settings for an item called " storage " . if it is not there , you could try to use a symlink of the DCIM folder to the sdcard . that is a case for app2sd -- but depends on whether the apps support it or not . you can check this e.g. in settings&rarr ; apps&rarr ; manage apps . if supported by the app , you should be able to move it out of the " system space " from here . as for where an app is installed by default , mostly depends on two things : what the developer specified in his apps Manifest for the install location ( see app install location in the developer 's documentation ) what the user defined in the android settings as default install location ( see e.g. how to install android apps to the sd card by default and move almost any app to the sd card ) related information : install apps to sd card by default setting default install path in android ( xda-developers ) set the storage card as the default install location in android (socialtimes.com)
since xvid is just an mpeg-4 type , that is a very good bet . there are probably phones that natively decode h . 264 as well , but given its relative newness and google 's recent disapproval of it , it is not as likely . for more specific information , we had need the model of your phone . you can also just google " droid x chipset " or " htc wildfire specs " , for examples , and then when you find the video chip/processor just google whether it decodes your codec of choice .
usually your apps are downloaded using your browser . for accessing them you open your browser , press menu > more > downloads .
indeed , overriding certificates it is one of the most popular ways to compromise https . so , if your employer can succeed to create a certificate that fools the app , it can easily perform a mitm attack . some links to check about mitm attacks on gmail app : [ 1 ] : http://www.networking4all.com/en/ssl+certificates/ssl+news/android+apps+vulnerable+to+man-in-the-middle+attacks/ [ 2 ] : http://bgr.com/2011/08/30/iranian-government-said-to-be-using-mitm-hack-to-spy-on-gmail-other-google-services/
i know ow hard it it to find the right camera and software combinations for cameras . i have written a few proprietary java applications for just such a thing . i have found that ipcamviewer is a okay app for looks but man that guy has added support for just about every camera known to man ! it is a really good app in that sense but lacks a professional feel to it . but i would stick with that app as he continually updates it and if you have a problem and email him he usually addresses it in the next iteration . one of the better companies for streaming video is axis their video encoding solutions is one of the more configurable options . each encoder runs a webserver and if you know a little linux you can get on the server and reprogram web pages and even the java serving up the images . they also have solutions for standard cameras . so depending on cameras you may have to buy a special camera and take the output to an axis video encoder and stream it to your phone . i have done this with some really special cameras like flir ir camera ( cost is around $80k ) , and sony and hitachi low light cameras . there are some really good network cameras too , like sony 's hd camera and the multiple ones that axis has .
yes , you can play amazon prime videos using flash in the browser . see this thread . per the thread , you may have to remove the stock flash and install adobe 's official version from the market , as well as the dolphin hd browser . you can rent movies from amazon , which presumably use the same framework as prime videos . it would probably be advisable to rent a movie to verify it works before investing in a prime membership .
adding extensions will solve this type of requirements . but chrome for android does not support any extensions yet . look https://developers.google.com/chrome/mobile/docs/faq or else you can use dolphin browser to achieve this . it supports extensions . if you are willing to use dolphin browser instead of chrome , use this auto reload extension . you can set time intervals in it .
it seems like the content rating filter on my phone was the culprit ! i recently updated my phone to froyo and the market 's content rating filter was added after the update ! just set it to " all applications " in the market 's settings screen .
well , the problem seemed to have gone away on its own after a few more synchronizations , so i guess the solution is to just wait a bit .
we will reliable is somewhat subjective . but i can recommend app brain ( play store app ) and app aware ( play store app ) . app brain provides some additional features compared to the play store and app aware allows you to follow app streams based on a topic ( games , sw development , etc . ) . both try to suggest you apps based on the apps that you have installed . and both are not a new app market , they just redirect you to the play store if you want to install a app .
my solution was to change the front room wifi to wpa2 to match the backroom 's wifi ( wpa2 ) which i never had a problem with . do not know why this works i cannot believe the sgs2 has less than optimum support for wpa . maybe it was buggy software . . . although i am fully updated and have been since i got the phone . ( september 11 ) i should mention this was not a problem caused by ics or fixed by the firmware upgrade as i had the problem pretty much as soon as i got the phone ( september 11 ) .
in my case it did not seem to have anything to do with any software configuration or combination on my phone and was purely hardware related . this is not to say that in some cases the software you may or may not have on your device would be causing a memory leak / stack overflow and causing your device to reboot as a result . i could not , and would not , believe it , but after adding a small piece of paper between the battery and the phone under the back cover , my xperia arc has not rebooted for 3 weeks , whereas before it would reboot around twice a day . once again , thanks all for the suggestions and comments . i will continue to monitor my phone , but i do not foresee any future reboots . . . related to the battery anyway . . .
if you mean logged by your phone company then yes any calls that go over their network will be logged and billed to you . if the 3rd party app uses voip or something similar they will not log it as a call but then you also will not be billed for it except for the data charges . if you mean logged on your phone so you can check it in the call history then that depends on the application as it is possible for an app to edit your call history .
after searching for a long time and trying a lot , i found a solution : resolution unplug the usb cable on the cell phone , dial the number *#7284# . once the last # is hit , the phoneutil application is launched . choose usb -> modem and then usb -> pda mode . the good mode should be pda . even if the mode is pda , switch to modem and then back to pda . also choose uart -> pda and then uart -> modem mode . the good mode should be modem for uart . even if the mode is modem , switch to pda and then back to modem ( uart ) . plug in the usb cable . note : this is not only for samsung galaxy 3 - android phone , but it is also used to repair the usb connection for any samsung android phone .
simple answer : no . long answer : no , as these app use a native binary installed onto the system to reroute data through the proxy . this is done at kernel level ( actually it is done using the terminal commands , but it is done at kernel level ) , because of this root access is needed . there are 0 apps that allow you to use a proxy without rooting first . android 4 . x natively supports proxies however .
it sounds like your tablet is missing the ' contacts ' or ' people ' app ( or has one customized by the manufacturer , which does not understand the same intents ) . since every oha-certified android device has it , gmail is trying to launch it without checking whether it exists , and that is what is going wrong . if you disabled the app yourself ( by clicking disable in the app 's page in settings → apps ) , then you have to re-enable it to avoid this problem . if the gmail app was pre-installed on your tablet , then this is a system integration error . you should complain to the manufacturers and ask them to release an update to fix the problem . until then , or if you installed gmail yourself on a tablet that does not support it , you should be able to fix the problem if you can find and install the original contacts or people app .
basically , it tricks the android os by using symbolic links and a large file formatted as ext2 , rather than partitioning or formatting your device storage . in this way it is very safe . i have used it several times on several roms on my galaxy s with no problems .
settings > applications > development > stay awake
google talk and gmail each behave this way . i found this out by asking here actually . so when you drag down the notification bar , gmail and google talk will not appear in the recent apps list . however , you will see them in recent apps if you navigate to them using an application launcher . i am not certain if the same is true for google voice .
it seems that the problem was the encoding that windows media player used . it uses the windows hebrew code-page ( 1255 ) . i used foobar2000 with the chacon plugin to change it to the mac hebrew code-page ( 10005 ) which seems to be supported by my phone .
i gave up and did a factory reset . since then , the phone has been working for 5 days in a row . . . so it seems like at least the reboots are gone ( i hope not to jinx it . . . ) . i have also noticed that since the reset , the battery lasts at least twice longer than before . i have fewer installed apps , which should lead to a slight battery life improvement , but this is not slight , it is the double . before the reset , at night ( no data connections , no wifi ) , the phone consumed about 1% of its battery per hour . now it is consuming less than 1% in the whole night . obviously there was something wrong before the factory reset . i hope everything is fine now . . . in case it is helpful for anybody else , this what the samsung customer service told me to do : start the phone in secure mode for a couple of days . that means that only preinstalled apps will work . so if that solves the problems , there is an app causing them . to enable secure mode , you have to reboot the phone , and press the options button ( the left one ) when the samsung logo appears ; it should vibrate , and then you will see " secure mode " at the left bottom corner . to disable secure mode , turn off the phone and extract the battery for a few seconds . --- for verizon gsiii phones : after you reboot the phone , press and hold the volume down button when the samsung logo appears . directions also state that you may need to hold the button for up to 45 seconds before you will see " safe mode " in lower left-hand corner . http://support.verizonwireless.com/support/devices/knowledge_base.html/59242/ perform a factory reset ( if the phone still has problems running in secure mode ) . to perform it , go to menu > settings > backup and reset > factory data reset . it will revert the phone to its original factory status , therefore , you will lose all the data and applications stored in your phone 's memory ( it will not affect the sim card , nor the microsd if you have one ) . be sure to backup everything you do not want to lose ! you can use samsung kies for that backup . if the phone still has problems after the factory reset , it should be checked by samsung technical service .
certain apps like the gallery let your share content via bluetooth ( or any other number of methods ) . the gallery handles video and images . highlight the item and hit menu to get the share menu .
i upgraded to a 2.3.4 rom . i no longer have the battery drain issue , or the lag issue . the question is whether or not it was the specific rom or the 2.3.3 os , but based on multiple links , here and here , i believe it is a 2.3.3 issue fixed in 2.3.4 .
there is a faq from when ubuntu announced it was working on ubuntu based tablets . there , they state : the only way to get an ubuntu tablet is to buy a tablet built and supplied with ubuntu by an oem partner of canonical so i would say that ubuntu is not , and will not , be capable of running on any existing android tablet . full faq can be found at media faq for press pack : tablet .
is your sd card formatted as fat32 ? if so , that is why - it is a fat32 limitation .
the new update has made the size bigger .
use dropbear instead . apt-get install dropbear i cannot find any way to avoid chroot error , so i suggest you another ssh server . it works well . :- )
i am on android 2.3.3 with root , s-off and custom rom ( supernova ) and i can confirm now that the option to toggle between fast boot enabled and fast boot disabled is available . now , to properly answer my own original question , this is how you would disable it on htc desire . press menu button . tap settings . tap applications . remove the checkmark from the option " fast boot " to disable it . press home button . screenshot :
i have solved my own problem . those search paths are all messed up ! i checked the installation path and it is installed in c:\program files ( x86 ) \android even thou i do have a 64-bit version of windows . but nevertheless , this is the default installation location . so i updated the path variable with following line . C:\Program Files (x86)\Android\android-sdk\tools\;C:\Program Files (x86)\Android\android-sdk\platform-tools\ and now i can start adb server from cmd regardless of where the prompt is at . i have no clue why they are referring to appdata\local\ folder in the guide for the 64-bit systems . that makes no sense at all . if anywhere , the installation location should be in " program files " folder for a 64-bit system . they actually put this in for the 32-bit systems . . . like i said , it is all messed up . i should point out that adb.exe has been moved from C:\Program Files (x86)\Android\android-sdk\tools\ to the new location C:\Program Files (x86)\Android\android-sdk\platform-tools\ . this has been done in later versions of android sdk . so if you are reading this in year 2013 then you can probably just get the latest sdk and use only this last search path . you do not need them both . at least not for adb and fastboot . if you are a developer then you maybe need to access tools from both directories , although if you are a dev then you probably will not need to read this at all . how to edit a system variable here 's a short how-to for the newbies . what you need is the environment variables dialog . click start ( orb ) menu button . right click on computer icon . click on properties . this will bring up system window in control panel . click on advanced system settings on the left . this will bring up the system properties window with advanced tab selected . click on environment variables button on the bottom of the dialog . this brings up the environment variables dialog . in the system variables section , scroll down till you see path . click on path to select it , then the edit button . this will bring up the edit system variable dialog . while the variable value field is selected , press the end key on your keyboard to go to the right end of the line , or use the arrow keys to move the marker to the end . type in ;C:\Program Files (x86)\Android\android-sdk\tools\;C:\Program Files (x86)\Android\android-sdk\platform-tools\ and click ok . click ok again , then ok once more to save and exit out of the dialogs . that is it ! you can now start any android sdk tool , e.g. adb or fastboot , regardless of what your current directory is in cmd . for good measure here 's what the dialog looks like . this is where you edit the path variable .
no , you cannot block that , unfortunately ! you can either switch to 2g ( which saves battery ) or continue with 3g . cannot have it both ways ! the telephony signal is deep within android itself and no way of messing with that ! not alone that , android picks up that radio signal strength from the heart of the silicon on chip ( s-o-c ) where the base-band radio firmware resides in and is off-limits and proprietary .
that sounds to me like a hardware issue . if you are still under warranty , i would get it repaired . if not , you will have to decide whether you want to live with it or pay for repair ( or replace the phone ) .
the closest solution i have found for mac os x is to install android file transfer ( http://www.android.com/filetransfer/ ) on the computer . with this , i am able to access files on the internal storage and the sd card directly within an android file transfer window , and perform basic file management operations like copying and deleting . this app also supports some keyboard shortcuts as well as drag-and-drop to and from finder . it is not as convenient as finder itself but it is the closest available substitute i have found for this device .
it is not entirely clear from your question what exactly you mean by " tracking " . if you only wish to record a log of where the device has been ( so you can look at it later , or retrace your own steps ) , then you do not need any internet access for that . the device just receives the gps signal , calculates its position , and saves that position to a file every so often . there are many apps that can do this : some of them are intended for sports , and offer features like finding your top speed , or comparing your time over a certain route with your friends ; others are designed for making your own maps , or geotagging photos made on a real camera . however , it sounds like you might want different devices to tell each other their positions , using something like google maps " location sharing " , so that you can find where family members are right now . obviously that would require internet access ( whether that is 3g or wi-fi ) so the devices can communicate with each other . the gps receiver is exactly that : it receives signals from satellites to determine its position , without transmitting anything . gps only tells you where you are , not where anyone else is .
depends on what you are talking about pop up ads . if you are talking about the full screen ad , often for another game , that pop up when you go to the main menu for example , then no , i do not get any ad since i have purchased the double coin bonus . if you are talking about the push notifications that warn you about daily challenge and new events , purchasing something does not remove it , but you can turn them off in the settings ( Reminders ) .
google navigation uses traffic information in some countries , e.g. usa and uk . if you are in one of those , yep , it will pick an optimal route based on traffic .
open the S Voice app , and open its settings . you should be able to change it via Set wake-up command . here 's the setting from my samsung galaxy s4:
one of the three incredibles we own had the same problem . it too was running miui . i found this thread on the miui forums . after changing the build . prop file as indicated in that thread the problem went away . edit to add the following information : http://androidforums.com/incredible-all-things-root/447517-stop-update-notification.html changed these lines to this : do not try to parse ro . build . description or . fingerprint ro . build . description=3.26.605.1 cl264707 release-keys ro . build . fingerprint=verizon_wwe/inc/inc/inc:2.3.4/grj22/222219:user/release-keys end build properties it is really just the " build fingerprint " that matters as you can see . if the miui is referencing an older version of android then the carrier will keep trying to download the latest android update . that is where the data download is coming from .
it has to do with the site having an icon for " apple-touch " defined in the page . for example o globe has the following : &lt;link rel="apple-touch-icon" href="favicon.png" /&gt;  and it works . there are differences in how other versions of android handle this . here is an article explaining some how this works a bit . there could also be a " catch 22" to this though , as i see that the mobile twitter site does have the apple-touch-icon-precomposed but does not seem to show the icon . this could be because of something motorola did differently in their modified version of android , or it could just be a bug . if the site does not define the icon , then you can use a tool like any cut to change the icon .
from a google search for " mms creation mode " i found this ( among others ) which says : • mms creation mode — select restricted to have your device prevent you from including content in multimedia messages that may not be supported by the network or the receiving device . to receive warnings about including such content , select guided . to create a multimedia message with no restrictions on attachment type , select free . if you select restricted , creating multimedia presentations is not possible .
private means you can not back it up . the developer decided that . some apps ignore it fileexpert &lt ; - my favourite estrongs file explorer not a file manager , but also titanium backup
have a look at one of these toolkits , they each have an option for installing a stock rom back on to your device . have included links to osx , windows and linux : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1837401 ( mac ) http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1809195 ( pc ) http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1848036 ( linux )
here 's how to get a system dump from android : prepare your pc ensure that your computer has the most recent version of the java development kit installed . if it does not , download and install the most recent jdk from oracle 's java se downloads page . navigate to the download the android sdk page on the android developers website in a web browser and download the installer package to your computer . double-click the downloaded file and follow the installation prompts . navigate in windows explorer to the location where you installed the sdk . by default , this is c:\program files\android\android-sdk . double-click the sdk manager to launch it . in the left pane file tree , check the box next to " android sdk platform-tools . " click " install packages . " a confirmation window appears . click the radio button next to " accept all . " click " install . " a progress bar appears . prepare your phone press your phone 's menu button from the home screen . tap " settings . " the settings menu appears . tap " applications . " in the application settings menu , tap " development . " check the box next to " usb debugging " in the development menu . get a system dump press " r " and the windows key simultaneously on your pc keyboard to bring up the run box . type " cmd . " type the following into the command window : cd C:\Program Files\Android\android-sdk\platform-tools type " adb . exe shell . " type su dd if=/dev/block/stl6 of=/sdcard/factoryfs.rfs at the abd shell prompt . replace "/sdcard/factoryfs . rfs " with the location to copy the file to if you do not want it on the phone 's sd card . reproduced in full from this site
as long as you reflash both the boot partition and the system partition it will take you back to a stock version of android . the kernel is packed in the boot image , so that will overwrite a custom one , but a system image alone will not . you could also choose to flash back to a stock recovery , but that has no real bearing on the android system itself and custom recoveries are much more robust , so i would personally not recommend reflashing recovery .
you can install betterbatterystats ( from play store or from xda , the latter is free ) and see which is causing this . if you are running the phone without a sim card this might also be the reason : some phones are not tested well if there is no sim inserted ( my old xperia x8 is such a phone for example ) . narrow it down this way : switch the phone to airplane mode ( switches wifi/bluetooth/gsm off ) then re-enable wifi ( plus maybe bluetooth ) again . just leave it for a while and see if it is better now .
try the olimex olinuxino a10s - https://www.olimex.com/products/olinuxino/a10s/
you cannot ( barring any hardware tweaks . ) if you root your phone and install a custom rom , you may be able to remove the " turn off " and " reboot " options from the power menu . however , nexus 5 ( as do most modern phones ) has a hard-wired feature , where holding the power button for 10 seconds shuts the phone off . this is done so that you can restart the phone if it freezes up . since nexus 5 does not have a removable battery , this hard reset would be the only way to shut it off without having to wait for the battery to drain . if you are technically inclined , you can always make hardware modifications to the phone which would prevent the power button from functioning normally . however , such mods are not for the novices , and will certainly void your warranty .
as you state you do not even need " that app " , here are two approaches to keep it from eating your battery : disabling the app go to settings → apps , select the " all " tab scroll to the app in question ( in the current example , google+ ) tapp its entry to open the details tapp the " force close " button to end all its processes optionally , tapp the " clear cache " and " delete data " buttons to free some space on the device if you see a button labeled " uninstall updates " 1 , tapp it . the button will then rename itself to . . . tapp the " disable " 1 button 2 the app should no longer start itself now , and thus not eat any battery anymore . if you need it back at a later point in time , it is still listed in settings→apps ( though it might have been moved to the very end of the list ) . opening its entry should show a button labeled " enable " now , which speaks for itself . keep the app from running when you do not need it on the playstore , you will find an app named greenify . this can be used to automatically " hibernate " an app when its not running in foreground . though greenify is delivering its full potential benefits only with " root powers " , it can do many things already without . if its free version cannot deal with the app in question ( google+ here ) , you might need the donation package ( for ~usd 3 ) , which has additional ways to force apps into " hibernation " . greenify : start screen , app analyzer ( source : google play ; click images for larger variants ) 1 if you have none of the two buttons , but an " uninstall " button , it is no system app : simply uninstall it . 2 note that not all system apps permit this ( button is grayed out then ) .
if you try to leave a review again from the same account , does it let you ? does it show the previous review , or act like nothing has been input before ? reviews should not age off ( unless they are removed for profanity or other reasons ) , but some developers have noted that ratings suddenly disappeared from their app . maybe it was a one-time bug .
only the main user ( owner ) has access to Developer Options . related question : stackexchange-url
from the picture it would appear you are correct . note #2 , however . the baseband is the modem firmware .
this post from xda-developers will help you if her phone is rooted .
yes and no . there are nexus/google devices that are nevertheless branded by the carrier and therefore receive a different rom then the stock rom . this usually takes longer then the stock rom . but yes , besides of that , the google manufactured branded devices are the only ones who receive the updates directly from google . all other devices get their updates from the manufacturer and/or the carrier . oh , and the nexus one will not receive android 4.2 ( officially ) . plus , no one gurantees you that your non-google device will get the latest android version . that is a big advantage when buying a nexus device : it will be up to date for a while .
so , to avoid a hanging question : using the new rom for almost two months . tried the original stock baseband i5500bvjjp7 but it felt overall worse , so i went back to i5500luyjpe . now any issue is rare . . . it is weeks since i last noticed a random restart , my phone reports over 160h uptime ( not 100% reliable , i have seen it not restart after a crash ) , and wifi is most of the time fast to get in ip . in the end , as things improved with a new rom , i suppose the issues are due to small quirks of the rom itself . should improve over time .
recovery images are hard coded to use the first partition of an sd card are the main fat partition . as such , you need to ensure that the first partition on the card is the fat partition , or recovery will try to mount the ext partition as the fat partition . you can use any partition tool to modify the card . you also said that fastboot would not work - this is most likely due to lack of fast boot drivers .
no , it should not have any effect on your settings or apps . the faq from the project voodoo site notes : will i lose any settings or app ? none . but some sort of backup is recommended of course .
according to this xda post bluetooth usb dongle support is native starting from android 4.2.2 . so if you are running 4.0 as the tag suggests , it does not work . you will have to update the tablet . also , you will have to confirm that the usb port supports full host mode with usb host diagnostics .
install screen lock bypass ( free ) from web interface of play store . it'll not reset/remove your pin , but unlock your device on each reboot . if you want to permanently reset/remove pin , you will have to purchase its pro version . in the last , you can always factory reset your device if these apps are not working for you . factory reset wipes out all custom configurations including pin/security lock .
without root it is up to the developer of the particular application , and chances are there are not enough note 3s out there to justify it . there is an s-pen sdk from samsung there are lists ( but these will often be out of date in no time ) like this best s-pen apps out there . with root access there is a way to open any app in pen window mode first , make sure you are rooted with busybox installed . second , make a backup . third , just download penwindowmanager_v1 . apk and install as normal . finally , just tick the apps you want and do not forget to press the save button . a soft reboot maybe required for the changes to take effect .
here 's here 's [ tnx @gathrawn ] a free app that claims to be able to do that .
this is an option in most launchers , but i think it is not available in the stock launcher . i would recommend switching to launcher pro , there it is enabled by default and can be toggled from Preferences -&gt; Homescreen settings -&gt; Homescreen looping .
there is 2 slightly different solutions . log onto your corporate mail account using outlook web access . go to the account settings , i.e. the options link . under that , select phone , and delete your phone profile from there . now delete and recreate the exchange account on your phone , and this time do not choose to sync contacts . exchange has a corporate addressbook or directory , and a local addressbook for your own personal contacts . get rid of the locally saved contacts in your exchange addressbook , so that on the next sync they will similarly be culled from the phone . you can always look them up in the corporate directory , and android can also perform a lookup against the directory for contacts that are not stored locally . this of course assumes that you do not actually need so many contacts on hand in your local addressbook , or that these are all company contacts and not external business contacts .
well i have got a workaround but not a permanent fix for this problem . i did a clean re-install and then do not restore any backed up data through go backup/titanium backup app . then i do not get that suspicious shutdown every time in a day , but after 2-3 days yes you will . : (
the way i solved the issue to my satisfaction was to buy and install the widgetlocker lockscreen app . this is an awesome little app that basically allows you to replace your lockscreen ( and incoming call screen too ) with something customized . i just have one horizontal slider to unlock the screen now , and it has completely eliminated accidental screen unlocks , as well as accidental accepts/rejects for incoming calls ! :- ) i would highly recommend widgetlocker lockscreen in any case , because being able to customize the lockscreen is really nice .
according to the mozilla firefox release notes , they have completely removed the " send tab to remote device " feature . you can use pushbullet . it is an android app that helps you to view android notifications on the pc . and you can also push files , pages , urls from the android app to the pc . todo : 1 . install the pushbullet app on your phone . 2 . install the pushbullet extension in your browser ( supports chrome and firefox ) .
i finally succeeded ! ! ( youhou ! ! you can not believe how proud i am ! ) first of all , i want to indicate that links on xda ( those that goes in multiupload.com, that redirect to lnx . lu ) , sucks ! i can not believe it . you have to download a " download manager " , with so many related ads and apps you must install . it is a shame . ( i am very angry agains't them ( lnx . lu ) for wasting my time just because they are greedy ) . now , the real answer ! you need to downgrade your hboot version before running the ruu rom , for that , it is quite easy : first , you choose your rom on that page , and notice the rom version then , you go here ( if the link is down , you can download the source code here ! ) and define the cid and the rom version . for the cid , if you do not know it , just set to 11111111 or htc__022 . if you want to try something more precise , you can try the one related to your carrier from this link . keep the download file to a specific directory ( for this case , it will be /tmp/mtd0.img ) . now you need the flash_image tool , if you can not find one , here 's a link . download it to /tmp/flash_image now some command line . for that , you will need the android sdk and a correct usb driver ( adb should return a device when connected , with debug on ) . do these commands : once the phone is on ruu mode ( showing a grey htc logo ) , run the . exe rom you downloaded previously , wait for it to finish , and voilà ! you are done ! : ) here 's the doc i followed for the commands .
doubletwist with airsync will do this , as long as they are connected to the same wifi network and looking at the same location . for bulk file transfers , most file explorers ( like es file explorer ) allow you to browse devices from other devices on the same network .
i think you have misunderstood the sync settings . they are not intended as a way to stop apps performing background operations . the sync settings for each app come from within that app , like any other app settings , so the exact behaviour is up to that app . because the sync settings are part of the accounts mechanism , they are usually used to control data attached to that account ( e . g . if you have the evernote app installed and an evernote account signed in , the sync setting within that account just controls syncing the data owned by that account ; it does not control any other kind of background processes ) . os and app updates are not covered by any of the sync settings , so you would not expect those settings to change their behaviour .
most common errors ( and solutions to them ) are : different file name : make sure the file is really named recovery-clockwork.img , in your example , or adjust your command according to the file name wrong path , e.g. your file resides in C:\Downloads , but you are executing fastboot flash recovery recovery-clockwork.img from C:\: either first change to the directory the .img file is located in , move the .img to where you want to execute your command , or try specifying the file with its full path ( e . g . C:\Downloads\recovery-clockwork.img ) sometimes adb/fastboot behaves strangely when executed from " somewhere else " . in those cases it helps to first changing to the directory where the resp . executable is located , and run your command from there .
according to the official design guide , notification icons are supposed to be white only . some apps do break the rules , so perhaps it is just that you had an app that used to have colourful icons but was updated to bring it into line with the rules .
you can manually install update using flashtool , and also you need ftf file for it , http://androxyde.github.com/index.html?1349610344000 -flash tool http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1918920 -ftf file .
as t0mm13b already suggested , tasker can do that easily : condition : [ location ] task : keyguard disable/enable for location , you can use different sources : gps ( most power-hungry variant , as it requires a permanent gps scan -- but most accurate ) network based ( less power-hungry , but still requires at least wifi -- but less accurate ) cell based ( least power-hungry , not to say : using almost no additional power , as the mobile cells are either used for telephony and mobile data -- but also least accurate ) you can even combine them : having e.g. cell-based combined with gps would only start gps scanning when the cells already match . the trickier part will be the " require once " element , which will be doable with a more complex tasker profile . if this is relevant to you , i will update my answer to include some hints on this . other ( and easier to learn ) solutions might be available as well , but i am not sure whether they can control keyguard . so you might want to take a look at llama - location profiles , which can at least handle the " location-based " part quite well . and of course you can check the " other users also liked " section for these apps on the playstore .
i installed it simply by going to the market and updating to the new version . i know i have it installed correctly as it popped up a " what is new " dialog on first run . i have a htc magic 32a with cm6 .
in general , anything that works regardless of which app you have in the foreground will work regardless of which launcher you have installed . that includes eye scrolling , air gestures , smart stay , smart orientation change ( i forget the marketing name for it ) , and so on . changing to a different launcher will only replace the home screen and the " all apps " menu . note that the old launcher is still installed : the first time you go to the home screen , you get a chooser to pick which one to use , the same way as if you have more than one web browser and click on a link .
from looking at some posts on android forums ( 1 ) , ( 2 ) i think it is just not possible - to get more windows/tabs you will need to use another browser like dolphin hd/mini . edit : looks from this post on xda that it is hard-coded into the browser ; it can be changed , but not easily .
in the skype app , press menu -> sign out , or use the sign-out button on the top-right corner of the app 's home screen , then confirm .
i read on retrica 's website that they are aware of this problem for android 2 . x devices and they are working to fix it .
a computer usb port is limited to 500 milliamperes ( or 900 ma for a usb 3.0 port ) . the dedicated wall charger , on the other hand , is usually able to provide 1000 ma or more . let 's take the case where a connected phone uses 200 ma . then , the usb port would have 300 ma left to charge the battery while the wall usb charger would have 800 ma left . a typical smart phone battery has a capacity of about 1500 mah ( milliamperes-hour ) nowadays . this means that in a perfectly efficient world , a current of 1500 ma would charge the battery in 1 hour . so the same battery would then charge in 5 hours over the usb 2.0 port and in about 1h50 with the wall charger . of course in reality power losses would also affect charging times but these numbers are quite close to what i get with my actual phone .
you should be able to create a file called " . nomedia " ( without quotes ) in the folder you do not want scanned . it is supposed to tell the media scanner not to look in there .
no , mobile broadband is called such specifically to distinguish it from a cell phone data plan . you might be able to trick them by claiming your phone is one of the tablets they support , but only if you can get all its info ( imei etc . ) beforehand and they accept it , rather than requiring you to bring in the device . however i believe they are able to detect this sort of trickery on a network level , even if you are not an existing customer and they know that your device is a phone . i would not expect it to work for long . i did a similar thing on t-mobile and my service was cut after 2 days .
i will answer my own question - i do not think there is such an email client yet that provides the facility to choose which internet connection ( s ) is/are used with each account . thanks for the droidwall mention @foleyisgood , but i would prefer not to have to root my device for risks of malware , also because i use some backing apps which will not run on rooted devices .
from what i can see , there is no way to re-associate a phone . it looks like your option is to disassociate/re-associate .
see also : how can i stop applications and services from running ? when you free the memory you are just killing the apps using it or that android has stopped and put in the background . the only real solution is to not use apps , or to accept that every time you switch apps your position in the old one will be forgotten . you had probably need a custom-built rom that entirely altered the way android does memory management in order to get around this ; having something auto-clear the ram would end up killing the app you are currently using . another alternative is creating a swap partition , though how to do so is a different question .
i have an answer for you . cyanogenmod should implement a simple solution ! the fix can be found on the final post of this page : http://forum.cyanogenmod.com/topic/87482-critical-flaw-in-whisperpush/ you will need android studio installed on your pc to use " adb " in terminal/command-line . these are the steps that are suggested on that site : you could try to unregister manually : the http response code should be 204 . source : http://forum.cyanogenmod.com/topic/87169-disabling-whisperpush/#entry448596
you can simply have the password typed in plain text . keep it inside a sms conversation , e-mail , note , or anywhere you like . nobody would know that is is your password since there is no indication to that matter in the place where the password is typed . when you are required to type the password in your browser , just select all by pressing ald holding the typed text and copy it . now go to the password field and touch and hold for a second or so and then a button named paste will appear . then simply touch that button . the password will be pasted into the filed . done ! !
after much searching , i came across this thread on the xda-developers forum where people seem to be having much of the same issue with a nexus 4 . after trying several of the proposed solutions in that thread , i came across one that worked ! it turns out that android keeps a permanent record of the mac in /persist/wifi/.macaddr . for some reason , it insists on using the mac in that file whenever connecting to a wireless network . if you are on a rooted device , however , you can overwrite it with whatever mac you want . interestingly , this change will also persist across reboots ! so , without further ado , here 's how you change the mac permanently on an android device ( substitute 112233445566 with the mac you want ) :
try http proxy settings .
even if the pure blackmart app is free of any malicious parts , there is still the danger that you will download an infected version . blackmart has no official page or download site , that is why you can not be sure about that . it is even worse because it needs root . those types of programs are usually not open-source , and therefore no one can review the code or even build a " clean " version . note : since blackmark is able to bypass the access restrictions for paid apps , it is is illegal in some countries . this is likely true in all countries where google sells apps on the play store . my personal opinion : a free game of modern warefare or gta is not worth the trouble and risk of using blackmart .
the search bar is a built-in part of the default launcher and can not be moved or disabled . the least invasive way to get rid of it is to install a new launcher of your choice and use that instead of the default one . the old launcher is still installed , and will come back when you uninstall the new one , so the question is just whether you ought to install software on this device you have borrowed .
once a media file is downloaded from the whatsapp server it is indeed deleted the from the server . see this article : http://www.whatsapp.com/faq/general/28030002 the daily backups that other users are referring to only restore text and metadata content of messages . the media content ( eg : images and videos ) are stored on your device in a folder on the sdcard ( typically in a location such as : /sdcard/whatsapp/media/ ) and is not part of the daily backup and so must be retained in order for whatsapp to be able to find it . their are methods to restore files from flash media once deleted but this requires you to act quickly . i will not talk about this here since this is not your question .
i tried with a different usb cable and it is working stable now . unfortunately moto g does not come with usb cable as part of the accessories and hence we have to rely on the usb cables available in the outside market . currently i am using sony xperia 's usb cable which is working like a charm on my moto g for usb debugging . it is been couple of hours and the usb debugging is still on and going great : ) let me observe the same for another day before i conclude the issue . and another suggestion i received is - do not work on windows for android development but stick with linux as windows drivers are buggy in most of the times . i appreciate the suggestion as of now and may look at this option as well in the near future to switch to linux for android development .
i have found out through searches that this is the sudden death syndrome ( sds ) which many have reported especially for samsung galaxy s3 . it was the motherboard that was broken and replacing it brought the phone back to life .
to get back your @kindle email address ( assuming someone else has not acquired it in the meanwhile ) , browse to amazon . com and navigate to your account > manage your kindle > manage your devices > personal documents settings ( this last link is rather less than obvious , below the panel showing a photo of a kf ) . there is a link there to edit/change the kf 's email address . you can do this from any computer ; it does not have be done on your kf .
some versions of cyanogenmod have the “volume rocker” option in settings → display ; if this option is selected , volume buttons will wake up the phone . there are also other ways to get this behavior ( e . g . , the gravitybox module for xposed has the “volume rocker wake” option in the “navigation keys actions” screen ) .
i am afraid not . these bundled apps are part of the rom image , so the app updates are part of the system update . when you install an update , it just copies the data wholesale into the phone 's system partition : it does not install apps one by one . for this reason , there is no way to filter out individual apps from the update . you can not even remove those files from the update image on your pc : removing files would make the update signature fail to match . the phone would detect this and not install the update . you just have to disable the bundled apps you do not want after each system update , or unlock your bootloader and install a custom rom .
the thief would , perform in this order of chances below are : throw away the sim card ( see below ) attempt to unlock boot-loader ( if its locked ) which results in wipe of /data and /cache pop in a sim card that does not have pin lock . if an incorrect pin is entered more than three times , a puk is needed ! now the chances of the thief walking into the carrier 's shop , asking for the puk code is very slim hence why number one ( in the above ) is done first , even if digging around trying to figure out what the number is . and furthermore , some , if not all , carriers have the handset , locked to the network in itself . sure they will get the imei and walk into a mobile shop that specializes in phone/network unlocking and get the handset freed from the carrier 's network . so it would be safe to say the sim card 's pin lock is secure somewhat !
without finding a way of doing this i ended up bluetoothing all the contacts from the old handset across ( a samsung b2100 ) . would be nice to find more information about this buggy/broken feature on the s3 .
well , it sounds like you do not want to monkey much . ( otherwise i would recommend rooting and then installing vanilla 2.2 , which is going to be the most stable of any release ) . it sounds like the problem you experienced is just a flat out bug and might not have anything to do with any apps you are running . on the other hand , are you using any task-killing apps , or battery saving apps or anything that might be screwing around with system processes ? if you are , i would recommend getting rid of them -- they are generally cause more problems in the long-run than they solve . if not , then i am not sure what to tell you other than file a bug report or call verizon and complain , but neither of these options will fix your problem . if the problem was at root a signal issue , there is a way to update cell tower information , which verizon can help you with . it involves dialing a number and allowing an automatic update . but , if you did want to monkey a bit , then i do suggest flashing the vanilla froyo . it is just a little intensive , but would not take you longer than an hour . if you want information in this regard , i can provide you with a website that includes step by step instructions .
the securedownload.bin file is from your email app trying to download/save an attachment . the app creates this file ( no matter what the actual name of your attachment is ) whenever you try to view or save the attachment . the FlashPlayer installer may have been automatically downloaded by your browser when you tried to view flash content . in either case , these files should be perfectly safe to delete from your downloads , since no apps are supposed to store critical files there . ( if an app places critical files in the downloads directory , the app does not deserve to be used ! )
the result and precise format of the dumpsys command depends on the hardware vendor ( of graphics chipset/driver and handset itself ) but you should be able to find that info in the adb shell dumpsys display output
on this question , you might want to check an article on getandroidstuff called superuser vs supersu . quoting : supersu improves everything about superuser and adds more options . the free version offers faster notifications , there is possibility of disabling them for each app and a new interface , attractive and easy to handle . in addition , according to developer claims by using supersu you’ll enjoy higher speed from the apps that require root rights , especially on android 4.0+ . the paid version called supersu pro provides the opportunity to keep root rights after a system update , which usually cancels these rights . although the method is not guaranteed the option is very useful . we have password protection and advanced log configuration settings for each application . you might also want to read supersu brings better superuser root permission management to android . quoting from that article : supersu is basically superuser on steroids . according to the developer , it “allows for advanced management of superuser access rights for all the apps on your device that need root . ” . chainsdd versus clockworkmod as i initially missed you were not asking about supersu , but chainsdd versus clockworkmod : let 's take a look at androidpolice : koush 's superuser is free and open source sources are available at github it supports jellybeans ( 4.2+ ) multiuser ( supersu does this as well ) it will never have a pais version , which would go against the whole open-source principle like supersu , it makes use of the new android.permission.ACCESS_SUPERUSER permission ( already used by several root-apps ) pin protection request timeout customize notifications x86 and arm support tablet optimized ( koush speaks of " tablet mode " , so no fear it would not do on a phone : ) read more in the linked post at androidpolice .
another thing that you may want to uncheck is the alerts for open wireless networks and forget all the networks your phone has already connected to , as most android phones are , by default , set up to re-connect to wireless networks they have already connected to . you can find these options , as matthew read said above , under settings > wireless and network .
after trying a few apps , i settled on kiescast by samsung . pros simple intuitive ui . has almost all settings that one would generally need without being overly complex . play speed from 0.5x to 2.0x . skip interval is configurable . very good podcast search . plays videos as well . cons sometimes cpu use goes thru the roof . loses the play position sometimes after the podcast is stopped . ad supported . can not complain as it is free but company like samsung should be able to support it without ads . moreover , while listening the screen can shut off and thus no ads . in video play mode i have not seen any ads as i usually watch video full screen .
i believe this should work - widgetsoid2 . x on google play ( i have verified that this allows you to create a toggle widget on ics which does not go into settings app and does it work directly . although since wi-fi hotspot is not working on my custom rom of ics yet , i can not verify the actual working . )
microsd is generally hot swappable ( unlike sim card ) , but this thing screws things up . first , turn off the device . remove old microsd . clone it including .android_secure . insert new microsd while device is off . then , boot the device .
you can ruin the processor , your data , and possibly your skin ( ouch ! ) . according to " risks of overclocking your cpu " [ aimed at desktop pcs ] , the risks include : success : the processor may overclock perfectly , and run stably for many years to come . there are thousands of people who have done this , and i am certainly not going to deny it . this is the best case outcome . immediate destruction : it is possible to totally destroy a processor by attempting to overclock it . by destruction , i mean that the processor will not boot at the higher speed , and when returned to its normal speed , will continue to not function . this is basically the worst case outcome . this sort of permanent failure is very rare , but it does happen . it is made more likely by using inadequate cooling , and also by being ridiculously aggressive in how far you try to overclock ( i.e. . , trying to run a pentium 75 at 166 mhz . ) non-functionality : the processor may not work at the new speed , but may work fine when returned to its original speed . this is a fairly common outcome when overclocking , and in most cases the processor will not be any the worse for wear . system instability : the processor may boot at the new speed , but you may see the system behave strangely . random hard lockups , parity errors , resource conflicts , strange hard disk problems , beeping , application crashes and [ your os ] refusing to boot are just the tip of the iceberg . particularly insidious are the overclocks that work almost perfectly , because that occasional crash may be due to your operating system , but it may be due to that overclocked chip also . electromigration : when the processor is run at a speed that is higher than it is supposed to be run at , there is a chance that the internal components in the processor may break down over time . the internal features of a cpu are sized in the range of microns . it is possible that when the processor is stressed by running at too high a frequency , along with the extra heat that overclocking incurs , that the actual metal lines inside the processor may form shorts or opens and damage the processor over a period of time . how likely this is to happen , and how long it takes is really not known . the system may work fine for a while and then suddenly stop working . and do not forget that higher speeds means higher heat -- your tiny pocket-sized squeeze-asmuch-as-possible-into-this-small-area has very little in the way of cooling fins . speed it up , and you might overheat . probably will not burn a hole in your pants , though . however , accordin to " big lou " @ modern processors are not harmed by overclocking . you are not altering the voltage , just the multiplier . if anything , the droid will not boot or may act funny , but once you revert back to a slower clock speed , it will be fine ( and that is for higher speeds , mind you ) . anything up to 1.3 is tested to work fine on the droid . heat may rise but the omap3 is rated to around 200 degrees fahrenheit . you will not be getting anywhere near that , and in case you do , you can always set setcpu to roll back the clock speed automatically . ymmv . note how the original text refers to 75 mhz pentiums . ha-hah-ha . this post @ overclockers . com covers the setcpu app , which can adjust speed vs battery performance , start times for clock boosting , etc .
unless the rom is specifically designed to allow some kind of default set-up ( and i do not know any that are ) , you can only do this by building the rom yourself from source . you can edit the build scripts to remove any apps or features you do not need , and the source code to change the default settings , then compile a rom image yourself . you do not say why you are flashing a rom every few hours . obviously if you are flashing different roms , changing the source each time is going to be harder than just setting the settings on the device . if it is essentially the same rom you are flashing each time , then you can keep your settings across flashes by simply not wiping the userdata partition when you flash the new rom . bear in mind that if the roms are significantly different , this may make the new rom unstable , because it is trying to use settings files that were written by the old rom .
the feature i was looking for is called ( on the apps i’ve found that have it ) “auto-dismiss” . i’m trying alarm clock xtreme free , which offers this feature ; if i’m happy with it i’ll upgrade to the paid version .
i think it is the result of a new synchronization option in 2.1 or 2.2 . on the first boot it asks whether you want to store some information about your apps online . i found it quite confusingly worded and was surprised by this effect . iirc you can prevent this from happening by refusing all the synchronization on the first boot . and i learned to only update when on wifi . .
if you are rooted , you could use an app such as mybackup root or titanum backup to backup opera mini , and then restore it on the new device . it is not possible if you are not rooted .
set up a child account on the device , this is pretty simple , there is an overview of that process here . you do not to sign the child in using a google account , it lets you skip these steps . assuming you want your kids to be able to download any apps you have already paid for , or want to be able to download any apps you buy them , sign into the play store on the child account using your main account 's credentials , it is probably worth also choosing not to sync all of the main account 's emails/contacts/etc . across at this point . you can then add a pin to the play store so that they can not buy anything with your details and also choose the maturity rating of the content they see , this will not affect the settings of the main account 's play store on the device despite the fact you are using the same google account on the store . from this your kids can access all your already paid for applications but thanks to the pin will not be spending any of your money , at least not without your knowledge , and you have not had to sign them up for a google account . any apps that they download also are not automatically put into your main accounts app list so you do not have to worry about them downloading a load of games and it filling your home screen a la ipad/iphone style . the downside to this approach is that your kids will be able to read your gmail , see your calender and contacts etc . a good solution to this is an app locker which restricts them from using these applications . i tested app lock and it seemed to do the job well . if you do not mind your kids not being able to download apps you have already paid for on your account and are not bothered about not being able to access any games you buy them then i think it would be worth signing up for a new main google account and adding your credit card details to this . you could then sign onto the child 's play store using this new account , set up the pin same and maturity in the same way as the last approach but this time you will not have to worry about them seeing your emails or any other information that is linked to your main account . for both of these approaches if you download an application on the child 's account with your main account selected in the store but have added the child 's email as well and then switched back to this on the store after the download the app will remain on the device and still be usable . if you want any more information , clarification or screenshots just say in the comments and i will add it or test it out if i have not already .
did you have the required baseband and did you use cwm recovery to install the zip file ? if yes , flash the stock rom again and root the phone , intall cwm and install v2 zip file first and then v2.5 . i have been using cosmic rom v2.5 from the past one month and do not have any issues . you seem to be having issues only because of some goof up during installation . http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2503230 he has given the . bin file for the supported baseband . flash it via odin .
you did not say what phone you have , or what android version , so here 's a summary . physical cables if your phone supports mhl and your tv does as well ( almost all hdmi tvs do ) , then you can connect the phone to the tv with an mhl cable . there are two kinds of cables : a standard one , and a special one for certain kinds of samsung phones . see how does mhl work ? for more details . usually , the tv mirrors the phone screen ( i.e. . it displays the same thing at the same resolution ) , but android offers apps a way to display different content on the tv screen . this is commonly used by media players and presentation apps . the oldest hdmi tvs do not support mhl , so you will need a slightly different type of adaptor to connect your phone . you can tell these adaptors because they have an extra input for an external power supply ( often a micro-usb socket ) . apart from that , it works the same way . if your phone supports slimport some phones use slimport instead of mhl , such as the nexus 4 . you can not tell by looking at the phone : both slimport and mhl use the usb-on-the-go connector . you have to know which one your phone uses . with the appropriate adaptor , you can connect your slimport phone to any hdmi , displayport , or vga input . just like mhl , once you have done this the tv screen will mirror the phone screen , or some apps can display different content . if your phone supports hdmi a few phones and tablets have mini-hdmi or micro-hdmi outputs , but this has largely been replaced by mhl and slimport . if you do have one of these outputs , you will need the appropriate cable to connect it to an hdmi input , and just like mhl or slimport , it'll mirror the phone screen , or display different content in apps that support it . chromecast if you have a chromecast and android 4.4 or later and your tv has hdmi input , then you can use that to mirror the phone screen on the tv wirelessly . plug the chromecast into your tv , and use the chromecast app to help set it up . as with mhl , android also offers apps a way to display different content on the tv screen . if you have a chromecast and earlier android versions you can still use chromecast with media player apps that support it , including youtube , play movies , and the gallery on some devices . you just can not mirror the phone display to the tv .
i got the solution ! somehow i could get into the settings menu by turning aeroplane mode on and starting google maps ( which is on my home screen ) . google maps then sends you to settings . in there i can scroll using three fingers . ps : i feel stupid : )
cdma phones do not use sim cards , that is the most obvious way to tell . ( some world phones are both cdma and have gsm hardware and sim cards , but that is not relevant here ) . most carriers are only one or the other so your carrier should be a good indication as well .
you will need to get one of samsung 's hdmi adapters . the tab 7 plus , 8.9 and 10.1 do not support the old rca adapter , to my knowledge . the page for the adapter also has a search bar where you can enter your specific device 's model number to ensure that it will be compatible . at that point , i believe it works like other honeycomb tablets in that it will simply mirror to the tv automatically after being plugged in .
there is a forum post at xda-developers which details a fairly involved and definitely for the faint at heart . however , do not follow that guide , it is included only for posterity , and there is an easier way to skin your particular cat . at this point , cue the huge disclaimer that a lot of things might go wrong when doing this , and always be sure to follow the instructions as closely as possible . when in doubt , ask . also , while this guide probably will not change much between versions of the recovery tool , always read the official documentation first and use this as a handy checklist . revolutionary whiskey tango foxtrot is revolutionary ? brought to you by the same guys that worked on unrevoked and alpharev which have been traditionally used to root htc devices , revolutionary is a new s-off and recovery tool for next-generation devices . the list of currently supported devices is here . okay , what do i need to do ? download revolutionary . versions for windows and linux are available . windows users : download and install also these fastboot drivers . when downloading , also request a beta key . select your device type , and put in your serial number . if you are running the stock rom , your device s/n should be in Settings-&gt;About Phone-&gt;Phone Identity-&gt;Device Serial Number . if you are running a custom rom , this number might not be there , so you can either check the box your device came from , or ( better ) find it on a sticker below your battery . it is a good idea to also write this down somewhere for future reference . you can find the hboot version of your device , in case there are several , by booting it into recovery mode : turn your device off , then turn it on while holding simultaneously the volume down key and the power button . the hboot version should be visible somewhere on the recovery screen . okay , now you have everything you need . make a backup of your phone . no , seriously , make a backup of your sd card and any application information you had like to keep . contacts , smses , and everything you can think of . better safe than sorry . there are free tools on the market that can help you . if you are going to install custom roms , now would be the time to copy them to the device 's sd card . extract the revolutionary archive in a convenient location on your computer , and run the executable ( revolutionary or revolutionary.exe , depending on your platform ) . connect your device to the computer . remember to enable usb debugging when doing so ( Settings-&gt;Applications-&gt;Development ) . when prompted for the beta key , supply what your key , and then follow the instructions on screen ( basically , confirm a few times that you do indeed know what you are doing ) . it might take a few minutes , and your device will reboot a few times . it worked , and my phone 's not even bricked ! welcome to the club ! flash a snazzy new rom like a king , and enjoy responsibly your newly-gained privileges . some things you might want to do , though : before doing anything else , make a backup of your stock rom from the recovery mode , in case you had like to restore it later ( for example , to take advantage of the device warranty , or when selling it ) . if you are only after a root without installing a custom rom , then you will also need to install the superuser application from the recovery . if you had rather flash a custom rom , you will not need this , most roms also includes superuser as a part of their base install . for information how to install your rom of choice , consult the documentation supplied by the rom vendor .
.zip files are generally flashable from recovery , odin 's .tars are indeed a completely different format . if flashing a kernel you can convert them relatively easily ( thought i will not get into it here ) but it will not work for a whole rom . you will need to find an odin package . xda is your best bet , but see also : where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ?
all apps ( root or not ) have a default data directory , which is /data/data/&lt;package_name&gt; . by default , the apps databases , settings , and all other data go here . if an app expects huge amounts of data to be stored , or for other reasons wants to " be nice to internal storage " , there is a corresponding directory on the sdcard ( Android/data/&lt;package_name&gt; ) . apart from that , all apps can store data anywhere on the sdcard , as there are no restrictions -- and many apps do so . they can use directory names freely ( and they again do ) , which is what often makes it hard to decide what all that " junk " on the card is intended for , and what of it can be deleted . though , as tom pointed out , root-apps could store their data almost everywhere on your device , they usually follow the same rules as other apps . you can find a general explanation of the android directory hierarchy in my answer here . for your specific question i might add some more details on the /data/data/&lt;package_name&gt; ( and corresponding sd-part ) : databases/: here go the app 's databases lib/: libraries and helpers for the app files/: other related files shared_prefs/: preferences and settings cache/: well , caches there might be several more directories in this place , or fewer -- it all depends on the app . in its own " home directory " ( and that is what it basically is , spoken linux-wise ) they can place files where they want . usually , these files and directories are only accessible by the app itself ( and root , of course ) -- other than those stored on the sdcard , which are accessible by all apps .
try Settings-&gt;Call Settings-&gt;Voicemail . on my fascinate this pops up with a dialog box where i can enter a new voicemail number immediately . on my evo ( cyanogenmod ) i have to go into Settings-&gt;Call Settings-&gt;Voicemail Settings-&gt;Voicemail Number to get the same box , so it is very similar but does take an extra step .
looks like your standard charset problem . the file 's in utf-16 and the app only supports utf-8 , or you do not have the font for the " weird " characters , etc . more than likely there is nothing you can do ; android internationalization support is pretty bad and most apps do not even try .
possible workaround : turn the ebook folder into a symlink to the dropbox folder . or if subfolders word , create a dropbox symlink inside ebook .
well after an hour of searching around for how to revert the hosts file , i gave up . ( i kept having permission denied errors ) . so i downloaded adfree again ( turns out that is what i had before ) and clicked " revert " .
turns out the procedure worked . the imei is blacklisted by the foreign network at the time of the test .
apparently , droidx uses ecryptfs following are mount options on /data/data : rw,nosuid,nodev,noatime,nodiratime,ecryptfs_sig=****************, ecryptfs_cipher=aes,ecryptfs_key_bytes=32,ecryptfs_passthrough  i would imagine this means that encryption key here is 32 bytes , which is 256 bits , which seems pretty good to me .
download apex launcher-- it has full support for themes and transitions , icons , etc- for icon packs , " adw icons " is a good keyword to use- since apex will use adw icons .
afaik there is no built-in method to achieve that personalization . i would go with apex launcher by android does available from google play store , to use with android 4.0+ , it is free and among the features you will find : customizable homescreens and grid size scrollable dock infinite and elastic scrolling customizable app and folder icons multiple drawer styles drawer apps sorting hide apps from the drawer enjoy homescreen gestures backup/restore settings and data apex launcher homescreen settings : other features can be found if you go pro .
/data/property/persist.sys.dalvik.vm.lib contains the name of the runtime library you wish to use - libart.so or libdvm.so . so , you can switch back to dalvik like so : adb shell 'echo libdvm.so &gt;/data/property/persist.sys.dalvik.vm.lib' source
i have ended up using tasker , it is trivial to create a task to kill a specific application ( google chrome ) , than add a shortcut ( widget ) to that task on the screen . edit : i have actually created a task that not only kills chrome , but restarts it afterwards as well , all in one click :
yes , you can connect an android phone to a tv or a computer monitor . at least if you have a new enough tv or monitor , and not a ten year old tv like i do . :- ) my android phone came with a hdmi cable to use when connecting phone to tv . i have connected it many times to my computer however , using a mini usb cable . but i would be able to use the hdmi as well , depending on what i want to do . i am for sure no expert , but i have a sony ericsson experia arc s and i have used it for over a year . i hope that this answer is good enough to offer some help . for newer phone , you may wish to use the following : micro usb to hdmi® mhl adapter reference link : http://www.monoprice.com/products/product.asp?c_id=108cp_id=10833cs_id=1083314p_id=8675seq=1format=2 video link : http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embeddedv=p5tjl_a_wcc in the reference link , it include information such as compatible mobile devices ( which you can retrieve from this link - http://www.mhlconsortium.org/workarea/downloadasset.aspx?id=5055 )
head to settings -> apps -> all -> internet -> clear defaults . next time you do a search or open a link , you will be given a choice of which app you want to open it with . select chrome and put a tick in the " make default " checkbox and that should make chrome the default browser .
i believe it is related to this issue : onsignalstrengthschanged returns unknown signal strength where android return wrong strength on galaxy s2 .
open the camera app and press the button that looks like a camera with a circular arrow under it . ( original picture from this article about ics on thetechlabs.com )
i can see two major problems with this . android 2.2 does not support usb host mode out-of-the-box . this means any external usb peripherals like your modem are not recognized by the android device . although some successful attempts were made to shoehorn this functionality into several handsets , the process is not easy to say the least . it is only been developed for a few phones so far , and would take quite an effort to port to your specific tablet . depending on the target device 's kernel 's availability of source code , this may not even be possible at all . even if usb host is achieved , the android drivers for the modem would need to be obtained . a quick google search does not return anything useful , which means the drivers would need to be written from scratch . without the aid of the manufacturer , this may prove to be an impossible task for a hobbyist developer . unfortunately , it looks like you are stuck with using your tab 's built-in wifi for data connectivity .
no . if you have a custom recovery that supports adb / root , you can boot into it and use adb to remount /system as read-write and push the missing file over . but otherwise you do not have access to most of the phone .
i have the same problem here in brazil . last year , i bought a galaxy s , and the photos had that red color in the center . i went to the store and exchanged it for another one , which had the same problem . i went to the store and returned it . i decided for an iphone 4 . now , i got bored with iphone 4 and this week i bought another galaxy s , it has the same problem ( red color in the center of the photo ) , but i decided to keep it anyway . for what i see in your post , the red color is a general problem . i just don’t understand why the samsung has not already corrected that problem . i have made some tests with the camera , and noticed that the problem occurs in low light conditions , especially under incandescent light , but outdoors the picture is normal . maybe the problem could be correct by some software or an update for samsung . i looked over in the internet and didn’t find any solution . so , if somebody knows a solution , please post it here .
try quickpic .
yes , on august 3rd 2012 google listen was discontinued and is no longer available on google play . if you already have it , it will continue to work , but on november 1st 2012 , the podcast search will cease to work . this project was very limited in functionality anyway . there are other apps out there that are updated and actively worked on . i think the last time google listen was updated was a couple months after it came out in 2009 . a lot of the podcast apps out there now can make use of the " listen subscriptions " folder that is in google reader . this is where google listen stored your subscribed podcasts . i continue to use reader to store my podcasts in this location , then i import it to the player on my phone .
there is a setting for them in interface > navigation bar . you should read the instructions there and then proceed . it is similar to cyanogenmod .
be careful with restoring data from system apps , that might break things ( and you will have to factory-reset and start over ) . different roms , different ( structures of ) system apps ( their databases might differ ) . i had that once ; in my case , affected apps ( e . g . sms ) simply force-closed either right at start or shortly thereafter . if you really want/need to restore system data , make sure to enable tibu 's " migration mode " ( in the settings " troubleshoot " section ) . that way tibu will not simply replace the apps ' databases , but only try to " merge in " the data .
try bluestacks and tell us how it goes .
android updates have nothing to do with what network the phone is currently on , or what sim card is inserted . the updates come from whoever you got your phone from . if you bought your phone from a carrier , they almost certainly customized the os to include their special apps ( a . k.a. bloatware ) , and sometimes to limit features like wi-fi hotspot . for that reason , the updates have to come from them , and of course this adds some delay to the process : once the manufacturer has the update ready , they supply the new source code to the carrier , who has to update their special features for the new version , and go through another round of tests and qa . carriers do not have the same software expertise or resources as oems , so this takes longer . if you did not buy the phone from a carrier , then it'll be running an os provided by the manufacturer , so updates will come from them directly . for nexus devices , this means the updates come straight from google . in your specific case , if your galaxy note came without a sim card , i guess you did not get it from a carrier , in which case you will get the update from samsung , as soon they make it available for your region . if you did get it from a carrier originally , you will get the update from your old carrier . either way , your new carrier has nothing to do with it , because they did not provide the os in your phone .
google play services is a library used by other google and third-party apps . it allows apps to use : google maps layers to show maps in other apps google+ sign-on and sharing the new google+ gaming functionality for match-making , leaderboards , and to store saved games " in the cloud " google cloud messaging to sync data from the internet to your device efficiently location services to set up " geo-fences " so they can respond to locations and activities more efficiently than if they accessed your location directly it is a lot of functionality that could have been made part of android itself , but making it a separate library allows google to update it directly , so app developers can rely on it being up-to-date on every device : unlike android itself , which some manufacturers and carriers do not bother to update for older devices . if you were to remove it , any apps that rely on it would stop working or behave unpredictably .
go into the settings app . choose security , then owner info . uncheck show owner info on lock screen .
easytether is the easiest way to share your phone wireless internet with your computer . you install the program on your phone , set up the drivers ( which can be found here ) and run . to enable easytether , check the top box on the application screen . easy as that ! after you install the drivers : for ubuntu : start a terminal window type easytether connect it will connect , and give you another command that you can type into another terminal window to see status information about your connection . note : the original terminal window you open ( that you typed easytether connect into ) must stay open while you are using the connection for windows : right click the easytether logo in the taskbar ( lower right hand side , by the clock ) choose connect via (big number here) you are connected !
do not have a windows machine handy but look in the microsoft site advises , ( for windows 7 ) : autoplay lets you choose which program to use for different kinds of digital media , such as music cds or pictures from your digital camera . show all to turn autoplay on or off when you turn autoplay on , you can choose what should happen when you insert different types of digital media into your computer . for example , you can choose which digital media player is used to play cds . when autoplay is turned off , you are prompted to choose what you want to do when you insert digital media into your computer . open autoplay by clicking the start button picture of the start button , and then clicking control panel . in the search box , type autoplay , and then click autoplay . do one of the following : to turn autoplay on , select the use autoplay for all media and devices check box . to turn autoplay off , clear the use autoplay for all media and devices check box . click save . n.b. it is almost always a good idea to turn this off as it stops malicious code on cds/dvds/usb keys/etc from being able to run .
i found the answer on this page , and the solution was to download and install a compass fix patch .
i do not know that there is a definite way to answer this . it would be almost entirely dependent on how exactly the app was attempting to infect your phone and how successful its attempts were . in the simplest case , maybe the app is sniffing data or something of that sort . for that case , uninstalling would basically remove the threat since the app would be gone . nothing is left behind when you uninstall , including the /data directories for the app . slightly more complex would be an app that put a malicious payload somewhere on your system 's publicly writeable storage . in that case removing the app would not necessarily be enough , depending on what exactly the payload did and how it was designed . uninstalling could potentially cause the malicious code to become inert on reboot since the app may need to fire up a service on boot , but that is hard to say . formatting your sd card and doing a factory reset would probably clean it up in its entirety . the most nefarious case would be an app that gained elevated privileges on your device , either through an exploit or effective social engineering in which you grant access yourself . in that case a factory reset would not necessarily be enough , since the entirety of the /system partition would be unaffected . if the app were to stick a payload on /system then the only way you could really be sure you are clean is if you completely wiped all of the internal memory of the device and then reinstalled a new rom , i would say . even worse would be if it somehow managed to write a malicious bootloader or something of that nature , since in some circumstances it is possible to write to the bootloader partition from userspace ( given proper permissions ) .
on a stock carrier/manufacturer 's rom there is probably not a whole lot you can do i would imagine , but cyanogenmod 7 ( its gingerbread-based version ) allows you to dismiss individual notifications by swiping them away . you can see it in action in this lifehacker article .
ugh , that is 4 questions in one . our site works best with one question per post ; but let me try : how to install via cwm ( custom recovery ) ? usually , it is " install update . zip from sdcard " when the deal is to " install something via recovery " . by default , there should be an update.zip file in the root of the sdcard , which you then navigate to and select . hint : i always update it via google play ( the " normal way" ) . works smoothly , never had trouble , does not require a reboot . is the choice " install supersu into /system " supposed to still be possible to select after a successful install ? i would say " no " , but it depends . this usually moves the app from /data ( user-space ) to /system ( system-space ) . after having moved it , it should no longer be in its original location . but depending on how updates are installed ( supersu e.g. updates via google play , like any other app ) , this update could again end up in user-space , in which case the user might wish to " repeat " the system integration . how do i run an arbitrary program as root ? two-fold . first , " arbitrary programs " ( apps ) must request root access themselves , you cannot make them " run as root " . that is a little different when it comes to the command line : prefixing your commands with su makes the terminal app requesting root access . so you could e.g. list all directories below /data using su ls /data and succeed ( while a simple ls /data would not be able to access all files/sub-directories here ) . is it normal for supersu to " close " itself spontaneously while looking through the settings ? i have never experienced that , and i am using supersu on one of my devices for a year now ( the others have chainfire 's superuser ) . but i must admit i am not often calling it directly and stay there for longer . i mostly only see the access requests of apps , or the update recommendation via play : )
when you leave an app that was running in the screen , it stops running , but android keeps its process in memory . this means that next time you want that app in the foreground , or next time it runs a service in the background ( e . g . to check for email ) , the app can run again without android having to load it from storage again . this means it starts faster and uses less battery . apps that have been kept alive but not running in this way are called cached background processes . they still use some ram , but android will automatically remove them from ram if it needs to free it up for running apps , so they do not affect the amount of ram available to other apps .
take a look at this thread over at xda-developers forum . someone wrote a java app to extract the contacts out of the . sbf file into vcard files , which are a lot easier to deal with . also , in the same thread people report that with the latest version of kies you can execute a restore without having a samsung phone connected to the pc , and extract the contents . i personally have not tried either method , so please let us know if they work for you .
i can understand your concern , but i have also never seen a film that specifically covers the camera lens window . i have not used a zagg , but other screen films i have purchased in the past included the excess film on the card - if the zagg included this you could possibly cut your own square or circle to cover the lens window . otherwise i would suggest checking your retailer of choice for another inexpensive film that you can use to cut your own window from . in the past i have purchased screen protectors on clearance from places like staples , walmart , etc for obsolete devices so i could cut them to protect camera screens , etc .
dolphin browser hd allows you to search google from the address bar , and it shows suggestions as you type . it does not explicitly say that it has this feature but i use it all the time . if you type something in the address bar that is not a web address and hit go it will automatically search , just like chrome does .
this looks like what you want . basically , any rom that says it is a " gpe " rom or a " google play edition " rom will be what you are after . to get the google apps you will need to flash a gapps package such as the paranoidandroid ones - you can just choose the " stock " package . flash those after flashing the rom and you will have a pre-rooted , dev version rom .
samsung put the " flash lite " plugin on the galaxy s for 2.1 . it supports the basics . this blog shows some devices that use the plugin : http://www.adobe-flashlite.com/ edit : adobe now has a list of devices that can run full flash . http://www.adobe.com/flashplatform/certified_devices/
i have three droid incredibles that we have replaced with different phones . the play store still works on all of them . check out this post for the most recent google play apk and side load it . if that does not work , i would recommend doing a factory reset . it seems like your system has gotten confused . alos , look into airplane mode wifi app to keep your wireless radio off but leave your wifi on .
there are multiple ways to clear " default actions": walking through the list of apps in settings&rarr ; apps&rarr ; manage apps , looking at each entry whether it has a " clear defaults " button , and hit that ( not very user-friendly -- and in this special case obviously not applyable , as the action seems not bound to a special app ) using a helper app like e.g. default app manager or defaultapp reset ( much more user-friendly -- but not suitable in this case , for the same reason as the previous point ) installing another app which uses the same intent ( in case of a " homescreen launcher " and the " home " key , another launcher , to give an example ) -- not always easy to figure out what app might be fitting for this purpose . this is what lead to success in our case here , by installing andmade share note : you do not need to keep that app installed . it is the installation of the app which " drops " the default . this is also the purpose why the next item works : updating/uninstalling one of the apps currently using this intent ( to take above example : that is why you will be asked again when your launcher received an update ) -- this point just for completeness : )
it depends . is it factory sim-unlocked , has it been unlocked through official channels , or has it been hack-unlocked ? if it is either of the first two , you should be fine through any software updates . if it is been hacked unlocked though , i would be careful of updates until someone confirms it working .
if you type on a terminal console : ls -l /d lrwxrwxrwx root root 2013-01-01 01:00 d -&gt; /sys/kernel/debug/  meaning /d is a symlink to that other folder , probably there for compatibility with old versions . so now the question is : what is /sys/kernel/debug/ ? that folder is used to mount debugfs filesystem and it is used , as the name suggests , to debug kernel . kernel must be compiled with config_debug_fs option set to yes , so that is maybe the reason why some phones have files in it and some do not . one important thing to note is that debugfs is a ram based filesystem , so afaik it is using ram space not disk space . more info http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/debugfs
we can now edit google docs with our mobile with the official app : ) more information can be found in this blog entry from the official google documents blog .
it is been reported as a known issue on code . google . com . there is a long list of 79 comments which seem to indicate that rooting and adding a program called " autostarts " fixes the problem . this is obviously not something everyone is going to want to do . . . be careful if you go that route .
today i have made some progress in this question . on iphone you can buy a irig mic which can do the job ( and it should work on android too ) . but since i want to use another external microphone i have decided to make the adapter myself from some different adapters ( which does the same thing as irig mic , but with a female 3.5 mm jack output , so i can use my wireless microphone with it ) i have ordered the parts from an online store in denmark , but you can get it all over the internet , you just need to know what you need : ) the first thing you need is a 3.5 mm male 4 pole conductor jack ( trrs ) to rca adapter . like this one then you need a rca to either female jack or xlr adapter ( either if your mic has a jack or xlr output ) like this one and thats all . then you can plug everything together and use the mic of your choice on your android phone . ( btw some stock camcorder apps can not use external microphones , then just use this camcorder app : https://market.android.com/details?id=rubberbigpepper.lgcamerafeature=search_result#?t=w251bgwsmswxldesinj1ymjlcmjpz3blchblci5sz0nhbwvyysjd ) i am using this app ^^ with this set of wireless microphones and i am just waiting for the last adapter in the mail tomorrow . . so from tomorrow i can record with my galaxy nexus and record the sound via the wireless microphone on a distance up too 30 meters :d and if i need to go around with the phone and the microphone , i will just plug in a wired microphone to the female jack and go around with the phone and microphone in my hand : ) i hope someone in the future can use this information which was very hard to find on the internet : ) when i have some time later today or tomorrow , i will upload a couple pictures to illustrate my setup : )
the nook devs site provides links and goes over downloading google apps to your nook color running honeycomb . this site lists the available google app downloads from cyanogenmod , explaining that they cannot come pre-installed due to licensing restrictions . the links at the very bottom of the page ( and the first link ) should help you find the appropriate applications .
after much torment and due to an unfortunate accident , i went ahead and purchased one . the answer is : tilde close screen tap the input area long press a click tilde backtick ( grave ) close screen tap the input area long press apostrophe realize that you were pressing the voice search button since the apostrophe button is so small and cramped , so cancel the voice search repeat 3 until success click backtick this is a major pain . i may just make an alternate soft keyboard for myself that just has those two buttons .
summing up the solution from above comments on the question itself : finding the culprit first step is to get to the logging information on your device , to figure out some more details on what is going on . multiple choices to do so : get a logcat app from the playstore . there are many , and as long as you run android 4.0 or below , none of them have issues . starting with android 4.1 , apps can only see their own log entries ( so a logcat app only sees what it writes itself , which makes it quite useless ) -- unless your device is rooted ( your cm7 is ) , and you convert the logcat app into a system app ( which can be done e.g. using titanium backup ★ root ) . to find a suiting logcat app , simply use this playstore search -- afaik none of them comes pre-installed with cm . get it done from your pc . see is there a minimal installation of adb ? for how to get adb installed on your linux/mac/windows computer , and how to set up its configuration so it recognizes your android device . then either use adb logcat from the command-line , or a graphical interface ( e . g . qtadb , as described in the linked question ) solving the issue as you followed above device , you were able to pick the corresponding error message from the logs : the app was looking for a folder named /mnt/sdcard/download/ , which did not exist -- instead there already existed /mnt/sdcard/Download/ with a capital D . the problem behind this little thing is : while the underlying file-system ( fat ) supports mixed-case file/directory names , it does not differentiate correctly : cd download does not work due to different spelling , but mkdir download conflicts , though . so the solution , in your case , was to rename the existing Download directory to download . while i still hold this as a bug in the apps used ( they should be able to work around the issue , at least by asking the user where to download to ) , this simple trick at least enables you to download the .apk files now : )
most hsdpa / edge cdma networks do not support data and voice at the same time . cdma modern gsm networks ( including 3g and hsdpa , but not edge ) do , and lte will , so i am not sure why you are having this problem . it is possible that dual-transfer mode may not be enabled on your phone . alternatively , your network might not support it . ( info on dtm . )
try putting sh in front of your command , eg . : sh ./scp  or sh -c ./scp 
it is just a maintenance update for bug fixes . this is the best i can find : revision 3 ( march 2012 ) maintenance update . the system version is 4.0.4 . note : this system image includes support for emulator hardware graphics acceleration when used with sdk tools r17 or higher . ( more info ) http://developer.android.com/sdk/android-4.0.3.html unofficial change log revision change log and more details
i fixed it ! turns out it was a bug with vfat support . i had to format my sd to exfat , but now it is working again .
i think it is safe to assume that the options listed here are the options you have available to you when running the fastboot binary . since there does not seem to be an override as a native function of fastboot , your only solution would be to access the source code of fastboot ( if available ) and remove or alter the part of the code where the device reboots . note that there might be very good reasons as to why the device reboots at that stage , so i would be careful with messing around with it .
to get a lock screen similar to the one available for windows phone , try lock screen 7 . widgetlocker lockscreen is a paid app which promises to give more lock screen options . quick launch social lockscreen is another option . then there is active lockscreen . holo locker plus and its free version .
it may depend on what phone you have but for htc phones you can add a " shortcut " of a person and have the shortcut be the whole contact card or just start an e-mail message ( or any other contract related actions ) long press on the home screen to bring up the " add to home " menu , select " shortcut " then select " person " . here you can select the person you want to be able to contact and it will provide you a list of actions to perform on that contact . select " send mail " . when you click on the new shortcut it may prompt you to choose an e-mail client but you can either choose a default or not and be able to choose which client you use each time . edit - i just tried this on my hero with a aosp custom rom and the only option i could find on the " shortcut " menu was to add a contact . this would provide you with a two-click method - once to select the contact and a second click to select the " email " action . edit2 - i just found mail widget free in the android market , which looks like exactly what you wanted . you can add widgets either 2x1 or 3x1 which will have the contact 's photo and e-mail address . one click and your default e-mail app will open ready to send a message to that contact . there is a " pro " version which allows a 1x1 widget . note : i am not the developer of this app . edit3 - i also just found that htc 's have a " people widget " . with this widget you can select certain people or groups to be displayed and each one can have a different default function when clicked . one of those functions is to send and e-mail . to do this just add the " people widget " ( it should be there by default in your widget list ) then select the group ( or create one ) that you want to be in the widget and then once the widget is up - click on the contact you want to email . this will bring up a selection of functions to apply to that contact and you can then select e-mail and you will see an envelope icon on that contact in the widget . i can not believe i missed this one before : ) . i hope either this one or the previous edit can answer your question .
is colorised what you are looking for ? this is a demo , but there is also coloroid and color flood if you are still looking : )
the problem that i have faced was caused by trying to install update of android 4.4.2 for my galaxy s3 while the update requires the previous version which is mk3 ( android 4.3 ) . as i mentioned in the question , i have formatted and deleted the whole system that is why status 7 error showed up because "system/build.prop" was already deleted . the only possible solution i made was downloading and flashing the stock rom from the official site using od3n software .
long tapping on a playlist brings an option to delete . looks like you do not want to use it because you have gazillions of playlists . so , do this : simply , clear data of winamp from Settings ~> Applications ~> Manage Applications . it'll make your winamp install fresh like when it was installed . the only thumbs down thing is that settings of winamp will be reset to default and you will need to re-configure them , but its not a big thing . update : after some brainstorming , i found that winamp stores playlists in a database externally . on my smartphone its : /data/data/com.android.providers.media/databases/external-xxxxxxx.db where xxxxxxx are numbers which are different on two devices i checked . use root explorer to delete this database after mounting /data partition with r/w access ( root access is required ) .
no . you can only do what you describe on samsung devices with their " knox " feature . this uses special security hardware to provide separate , isolated environments on your phone , so there is no way that information can leak from the " business " environment to the " personal " environment . it is present on their high-end phones since the galaxy s3 , and you can learn more on the official knox website . a similar feature , but for all android devices , is said to be coming in android l , but it is not ready yet . normal user profiles on android do not provide enough isolation for corporate security purposes . it is still possible for the profiles to share information , and for rogue apps with the right permissions to access data from all user profiles . if your device is stolen , it is still necessary to wipe the whole device to prevent an attacker getting access to the private data .
assuming you are on a network that is available on the location you are going to , you could check the Automatic date and time setting under Date and time settings . that should update the time accordingly .
no , unfortunately not in this case , you are seriously out of luck ! it cannot be done . if it did say " bootloader unlock allowed : yes " , then by all means go for it .
you cannot do this on the phone . any contacts created on the phone that were added to one gmail account , cannot easily be " copied " to the other gmail account , especially not in-bulk . you can however , do this quite easily on gmail 's web site : on your computer log into your gmail account that has your latest contacts , and click on " contacts " link . on the upper-right side click the " export " link , select " everyone ( all contacts ) " and " google csv format " options , and click the " export " button . when prompted , save the " google . csv " file somewhere on your computer ( e . g . c:\ drive . ) log off your gmail account , and log into your second gmail account . go to contacts , click on the " import " link , click on " choose file " button , browse to your c:\ drive ( or wherever you saved the file in step 3 , ) select the " google . csv " file , click open , and finally click the " import " button . you may also choose to add these new contacts to an existing group , or create a new one . after a few minutes , these contacts should sync to your phone under the 2nd gmail account .
microsoft onenote now has an official app for android . you can edit and sync up to 500 notes .
it primarily means that the boot loader is unlocked so it is much easier to upload rom 's for testing . additionally the default installation will be the original aosp version of the code and include root access to the phone 's software . it does not mean that the hardware is a " test " model . it is a fully developed phone . what it does not have is more important than what it does have . what it does not have is the additional locks and proprietary junk that a carrier modified phone normally has .
you can use an alternate dialing app like dialer one or gocontacts . what you are looking for is a t9 dialer .
it is not a built-in feature on nexus devices , but samsung devices have this in the accessibility settings . inverting all colours is not much use , as some apps have light text on a dark background , and some apps have dark text on a light background . making text easier to read is better achieved by increasing the text size , which is an option on all android devices ( also in the accessibility settings ) .
the best solution if you are willing to write code is sl4a . this will give you the most flexibility . you could use the python module with a lightweight web framework ( like : bottle . py ) or your favorite scripting language . as a side note , get requests should not change state . also make sure you implement some sort of security as this would make it possible for anyone to control your phone remotely .
apparently , in the sdk the 7" form factor has the phone layout and tablet apps . the 10" form factor will still be tablet layout and tablet apps . i also heard that in 4.1 they expanded the functionality of the notification area so that notifications can do more ( e . g . reply to sms from notification area ) . i do not know how true that is though .
make sure that the phone that you get has a micro-hdmi port , in addition to the traditional usb port . this will allow you to transfer video more easily . as you noticed , there are two types of converters- the tiny ones , and the large bulky ones with a power supply . the difference is , as stated on the link you sent , that : unlike passive adapters ligawo converter has a power supply , thereby allowing a built-in signal amplification and processing of the image . provides the signal source sufficient current through hdmi this converter can also be used without power supply . so yes , the larger ones with power supplies would probably be better in terms of signal quality , and could still be used without being plugged in . however , due to their bulk , the better signal processing ( i am not an expert on signal processing , so i do not know how large of a difference it would make- i have used the small kind , although with a laptop , and it worked perfectly fine ) might not be worth it- it is up to you to decide which type is right for you . as of how the resolution is scaled , it should work automatically for all , if not most , converters . just double check if it says something like " input resolution hdmi up to 1080p possible 480p - output resolution vga " ( from the link you sent ) . it should not be a problem to downscale to a specific amount that you want- in the settings -> hdmi -> hdmi format , you should be able to change the output resolution . for more info , look here- it is two years old , but the features should still be the same with new phones running jb/kitkat . as of the software to run , there are many free and premium solutions available in the google play store that will work well . if you prefer presenting with pdfs , pdf reader or office suite 7 should work . however , pdfs are a somewhat unconventional presentation format ( although they can work ) , so you should consider using actual presentation software for a better experience . google drive for mobile would work well , since you could edit your presentation on a computer ( or your phone ) and then present it on your phone , plus it is free . you could also use presentation pal , or office 2012: presentations , or some other presentation software- there are lots out there , and there is bound to be one that works good for you . all presentation software in the play store should work well for your purpose . i hope this helps !
the verizon network uses a technology called cdma2000 , or cdma for short . there are different types of cdma2000 connections . the first is 1x , or 1xrtt , which has a potential throughput of 153kbps , but will likely be lower depending on signal strength . when '1x ' is displayed in the status bar , this is the connection type your device has . cdma2000 1xev-do , or ev-do for short , uses multiplexing to increase throughput . the rev . a version of the ev-do standard has a potential throughput of around 3.1mbps . this is the connection type when 3g is displayed in the status bar . verizon is in the process of rolling out a technology called lte which the carrier will market as their 4g service . this new technology will allow much higher throughput ( estimated 12mbps at launch with the specification capable of delivering rates as high as 50-100mbps ) .
settings > > accounts and sync > > add account > > facebook enter your facebook info check the sync contacts checkbox
this is one of the reasons mtp was introduced for : independency of the file system format used " behind it " . you can compare it to using " standard sql " to retrieve data from a database via an odbc driver : your application does not need to know whether there is a mysql , oracle , postgresql , or whatever database behind it . as long as it sticks to standard sql commands , it simply works . similar issue with mtp . other than with using ums , your computer does not access the file-system directly , but uses a kind of " command layer " . on the android device , mtp then plays the role of our above odbc driver , translating everything to the underlying file system . so as long as your computer knows how to deal with mtp , you do not have to even think about what file system is used . it should simply work . but on the other hand , mtp has proven tricky sometimes : it requires extra drivers on windows , and does not work out of the box on macos or linux systems ( also extra installs and adjustments required here ) . so there are alternatives you might wish to take a look at for file transfer , such as using apps like airdroid , ftpserver , davdrive , or similar .
apparently the problem is with apps installing to the sd card . running the following command in the terminal fixed the problem for me : su rm /mnt/secure/asec/smdl2tmp1.asec 
the issue is most likely caused by a wrong apn configuration . though customer care told you their card is " self configurable " , this may well be relative : many roms ( especially custom roms like cyanogenmod ) come with a built-in list of apns , which are matched against the provider as specified by the sim card , and used correspondingly . while those matches usually are fine , there might be exceptions – e.g. when the provider made changes to his configuration after the rom was released . or did not provide all details : apns might need different parameters for e.g. 3g than for lte . as you have got a second android device where the card is working fine , put the sim into that device go to settings ( usually network → telephony or similarly ; different roms might place it slightly different ) tap the apn and select to adjust it do not adjust anything , just write down its parameters in a second step , put the same sim to your n7 go to the same settings page compare your values and , if something differs , adjust it i bet your device then will connect fine . if not ( or if there are no differences ) , it is probably a hardware issue , and you need to send your n7 for service .
android , starting from 4.0 , does officially support a form of p2p wifi networking called wifi direct . a wifi direct-capable device can create an access point which any other wifi-capable device can access . i do not know about nexus 7 specifically , but galaxy nexus does support wifi direct so i would presume that so is nexus 7 .
i figured out why this is happening . the problem is due too a bug that most other android users are having running 2.3.5 and higher . it happens when more than 50 apps are installed on the sd card . to which it seems there is no work around for as of yet . so we are stuck atm .
if your phone is rooted you can use link2sd : play store link home page but you will have to partition your sd card first using mini tool partition wizard and here 's the tutorial on how to partition your sd card this can move immovable and -of course- movable apps more efficiently than app2sd and saves more space because normal moving moves a small part of the app to sd card , while link2sd moves a big part of the app ( but not all of it ( user experience ) ) if your phone is not rooted : 1 . market apps : you can not know because market downloads apps and installs them instantly . 2 . apps which you have their apk you may find out by looking in the manifest . xml file inside the apk in android:installlocation="auto " as @rafael said .
separate widget app may be available in case when wigdet covers only a small subset of the main application functionality . however , for the weather app and weather app widget the main difference is the screen representation , the processing routines are almost the same . i am sorry to say , but it is very unlikely to find the weather application with the separate widget . moreover , with the froyo/eclair moving into the obsolescence quite steady and newer version of android having " unlimited " app storage in the range of 8-16gb , it is very unlikely the new developers will ever be inclined to make that kind of widget app .
in short : yes , you can use your nexus7 charger to charge your android phone . if the connectors are compatible , it will work without problems . i always use a single 2a usb charger for every phone , tablet and ereader that i have at home , and also for the raspberry pi .
there is an app called sms timestamper that appends the received time to incoming text messages . worth mentioning for those not comfortable with fiddling with the os 's internals , or those unsure if it would work on their version of the firmware . i am on jpo so i did not want to chance it .
first , i would start by ensuring that the apn settings are correct . a different sim card from another carrier could have overwritten them . you can access these by going to Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Wireless &amp; networks -&gt; Mobile networks -&gt; Access Point Names and then tapping on the selected one to edit it . the correct settings are sometimes listed on your carrier 's website . at worst you may need to call their support line . while you are there , make sure under " network operators " option your provider is selected . after making the changes toggle the airplane mode on and off to re-connect to the mobile network . try dialing the following number in the dialer app : *#*#2432546#*#* ( spells out " checkin " between the stars and pounds ) and see what it comes back with .
not sure why that happened , but i got rid of the problem by making 2 things : performed full format of the sd card , and safely eject sd card before reboot of poweroff ( not sure if it is necessary ) after that , i did not see this problem again for now . update that crappy phone sometimes damages sd card content regardless of whether the techniques written above are used . . . it seems to be a device-specific problem . so , my advice ( if anyone else reads this ) - do not buy " no-name " chinese phones ! :d
if the displayed detailed would be complete , you had be correct : 1.28g + 7.28g + 200k + 282m + 762m = 9.6 gb total space -- while the summary says 13.24g . explanation is easy : the details list is not complete . it e.g. misses cache , temporary files , log files , tombstones , and probably some more . where to find those ? in the file system , and for completeness this requires root . for some more details , please take a look at corresponding questions by following the tags internal-memory and storage . a good source to start with is the question something is secretly eating up my tablet memory and i need help finding it .
i just downloaded caldav-sync beta and it took some fooling around , but seems to be working now .
i do not believe this is a hardware limitation , but just the way the phone 's manufacturer chose to implement the battery reporting code . my droid 2 also only showed by 10% increments . however , on my current setup i am using the Circle Battery Widget available on the market and it displays the percentage in 1% increments .
you can try installing a different launcher app via the android market web interface . on your pc go to play store and sign in with the same google account as on your phone . find any home replacement app . click on the install button to send the app directly to your phone ( if you have several android devices you will need to select the phone . ) after a few minutes try unlocking your phone . it should ask you to select a launcher app , so pick the one you just installed , or the default one .
you have to go to the store where you bought it so they can have it checked . maybe the battery must not be totally drained . have them checked your phone since it still has warranty if you just bought it few months ago .
without root you only have the control the app developers give you : if an app allows you to configure this behaviour , you can do so -- otherwise you can not . if your device were rooted , on the other hand , you'ld have several possibilities : use droidwall to define which apps may use 3g , which wifi , which both , and which none ( 1st pic below ) use lbe privacy guard to do the same , and more ( 2nd pic ) use autorun manager to disable certain listeners of apps , so they no longer get informed about network changes ( 3rd pic ; experienced users only ! ) this is just a selection , and thus the list is very incomplete . as you already wrote your device is not rooted , it does not make sense to put all those details here ; it is just to give you an idea what would be possible with root , not to elaborate all options ; )
if you do not want to root your phone or flash a custom rom , the only solution is boldbeast call recorder for android . just install the app and go . no need to root . no need to " set speaker on " during call recording . both sides sound in the recorded call are clear and loud . the developer said " optimized for galaxy phones " . take a look at what their users said ; they all said " great " .
if it is not rooted and not running a custom rom , a factory reset will reset everything back to stock and wipe the internal sd card . if you also wipe the external sd card , you will have a clean slate . checkout chapter update and reset , section resetting htc evo 3d , ( page 209 ) of the manual : http://www.htc.com/managed-assets/support/user-guide/user-manual/htc-evo-3d/110803_shooteru_htc_wwe_um.pdf quoting the manual : resetting htc evo 3d do a factory reset to return htc evo 3d to its original state before the first time you turned it on . if you’re passing htc evo 3d on to someone else or htc evo 3d has a persistent problem that cannot be solved , you can perform a factory reset ( also called a hard reset ) . factory reset is not a step to be taken lightly . it’ll permanently delete all your data and customized settings , and will remove any applications you’ve downloaded and installed . be sure to back up any data and files you want to keep before you do a factory reset .
the easiest way , without using any specialised tools is just to visit that app 's page in the android market . all apps in the market have their package name as part of their url , so you can just take your package name and prefix it with https://market.android.com/details?id= to get https://market.android.com/details?id=com.letang.game103.en which will take you to the page for king fighter ⅱ by letang , inc .
if you are talking about when your phone uploads to google+ automatically using the built-in instant upload , then you can just switch that off in the google+ notifications . in fact i think that you must have switched that on at some point because i am sure it was off by default for me . open the google+ app , press menu , select settings , press notification settings , and then scroll down to the photos category and take the tick out of " photos added from instant upload " . you will still get the red notification box at the top inside the google+ app , but will not get notified in the standard android notifications bar any more . the other notification settings are there too , if you want to tune any of the others .
there are two methods in order to factory reset your device : ( here is the source youtube video ) if your device is working but cant navigate or you got problems with screen . . then use the hardware method here -> follow the steps here : hold the volume up button with the power button and the home button , all at the same time , till you feel your phone vibrate . note : you can release the power button after the mobile vibrate . after the menu appears , use volume up and down to navigate to ' wipe data factory reset ' then select it by pressing the power button . then use the volume buttons again to select ' yes -- delete all user data ' and press the power button on it . now just wait tell it finish wiping , it will just wipe then the menu gets back again , after it gets back just select reboot the system . if your device is working and its display appears well , follow the the steps here : go to settings , backup and reset and select ' factory data reset ' . make sure that you made backup for your data . press on the ' reset device ' button appears at bottom of the screen . you will have to confirm your pin , enter your pin then go next . now confirm your decisions , if you want to factory reset your phone just press the delete all button .
re-installing the ' google play services ' updates solved the problem for me . simply go to Manage Apps &rarr ; Google Play Services and press Uninstall Updates . now if you start google hangouts again it will ask you to update google play services . if you do so , it will bring up google play where you can install the update . after this , google hangouts started without any problems on my tablet .
looks like it is logged as an android bug . if i am reading right , there is no current plan for the android team to address this .
the media scanner " indexes " the music , videos , images , etc on the sdcard so other apps do not have to scan the entire sdcard to know about them . another feature that uses this is the ringtones/notifications , if it does not scan , you will only be able to select the ringtones/notifications that are located on the device , not ones that are on the sdcard . you can prevent media scanner from indexing a specific folder by creating a file called " . nomedia " in the folder you want ignored . i do not believe that this file is recursive though , so if there are sub-folders , and you dont want them scanned , you would have to create it there too .
i would try ( volume down + power button ) . you need to press them at the exact same time , otherwise it will not work . also make sure you hold it down for a few seconds .
you could try to install sim contacts . i have not seen how to make it your default app for managing contacts , but i suppose you could drag the app icon to your homescreen or to the dock , so you can just access it quickly from there . with the sim contacts app , you can add , edit ( long-press on a contact and a menu will appear ) , or delete sim contacts . you can also choose to copy them on your phone . update #1: from izzy : also , if you do not want anything to be synced to google , make sure to turn off all sync options in settings → accounts and sync . by default , that is all enabled . as long as you add new contacts as sim contacts , they will not be synched to google . only contacts added as google contacts will be synched .
since you do not have a dialer app in the tablet , ali kabiri 's answer can not be directly used . but there is a way to get into a mode where you can enter these " service codes " . see this blog post for images . open the contacts app exit the initial setup if it pops up go to menu -> settings long-press the blank space in the bottom of the screen , in the middle ( see images in link ) a button called " enter service code " should appear tap the button to get a " dialer " enter the code *#*#73556673#*#* demo mode should now be deactivated !
i have latest official firmware sgs . i can see hindi website , but no bangla . . . . . at all ! ! ! u can use the procedure to see bangla fonts by http://suhreed.wordpress.com/2011/04/27/how-to-install-bangla-font-on-samsung-galaxy-tab/ or http://blog.mehedi.me/bangla-font-on-android/ thanking you
version 1.0.7 is significantly larger than previous versions . even after moving to the sd card i am showing 14.5mb taking up system storage . that'll account for your 2mb reduction in space . google generally has not allowed for their apps to be moved to the sd card , presumably so they can be sure widgets will work or other performance considerations . however , since this version weighs in at over 24mb i guess their hand was forced .
a backup never is a bad idea , so right after you get root access , you should : do a full nandroid backup ( which creates images of your partitions , so you always can revert to this state by simply restoring them ) use titanium backup to make a full backup of all your apps and their settings ( so you can re-install a selection when needed ) freezing does not remove anything , and it is fully revertible . i always recommend to first freeze a single app , then check for potential side-effects , and only remove it if there were none . titanium backup even offers to create a homescreen shortcut to freeze/unfreeze an app ( like a toggle : if frozen , the app gets unfrozen and vice-versa ) , which is nice for apps you rarely use but which always annoy you ( for me , this is google maps , which i need maybe 2-3 times a year but is running permanently in background -- so i freeze it when not needed , and simply unfreeze it when i need it ) . basically , freezing an app simply hides it away from all activities . i am not sure how that works technically , but i compare it with the " execution flag " of a unix/linux binary : if not set , the binary does not get executed . so no background services or any other activities from this app , though it is still installed . in short : freezing is the safe variant , as it easily can be undone . it also does not touch the apps data . removing an app is final : without a backup available , it is simply gone , including its data . additional ressources you might want to look up for this topic : unistall a system app without root ? how can i uninstall applications that are locked by phone vendor ? how to remove / disable the bloatware apps in the htc one x bye-bye , bloatware : disable system apps in android ice cream sandwich
am start -a android.intent.action.MAIN -c android.intent.category.HOME  more info about shell commands : an archived version of the androidwiki page
personally , i use quickcopy - it may be as close as you will get to your ideal . the only part it will not do is automatically paste into the field you want it to , but it does provide quick access .
you can grab the latest . apk on a pc from mozilla 's ftp server and sideload it , as noted on mozilla 's wiki . if you are unsure of how to sideload an app , you can find a variety of methods in how can i install an app given only its apk file ? ( some require internet connectivity , many do not ) .
contact your hosted exchange provider to turn the push off . they are enforcing it . another way : turn your email notification off or set its ringtone ' silent ' . but , its inconvenient .
try actually pasting it . you could try the often-built-in memo app , gmail , email , or something like docs to go if you want to save it .
google offers a tutorial on how to delete auto backups on their support site : how to delete auto backups
it appears that i can solve the problem by jacking in the headphone , turning off the phone , turning on the phone again , and jacking out/in the headphone a few times slowly . and yes , it is a hardware problem solved by a hardware solution .
try looking at a black picture in the dark . with amoled the picture should be pure black . with slcd you should see the backlight making the picture look greyish .
depends entirely on how many contacts you have , how often they change , how often you set it to sync , etc . paying for data as you go is generally a bad idea with an android phone , they use a lot . you should be able to shut off 3g though ( probably dependent on the phone ) and just use wifi . although , it might be more difficult to prevent it from using 2g data . some phones let you use wifi while the phone is in airplane mode , which would shut off both 3g and 2g . android has the ability to store wifi credentials and connect automatically .
google contacts supports max . resolution of 98x98 apparently . hope they will fix this soon . anyway if you set high res . photos in the phone they will be displayed accordingly until you restore again your contacts from google servers .
try wifi file explorer ( also available in pro version with more features ) . it reads your sd card just like astro does , allows you to view it from a computer browser , and does not require root . you may be able to view your files from here , and if so , you can download them via wifi network . let us know if it works ! : )
you might wish to run adb logcat for investigation . but that might only be helpful if you know how to trigger the issue . another approach would be , as you already indicated : start with a factory reset . you know that with a " fresh device " the issue does not happen , as described by your question install back only a part of your apps ( the ones you feel most essential ) , but not more than ~50% . see if the issue still happens . yes : the problematic app was in this batch no : the problematic app was not in this batch start over at 1 . , this time with the other half . does the issue show up again ? if 2 . + 3 . are answered " no " , it might as well be a combination of apps . if the issue shows up only in either 2 . or 3 . ( but not in both cases ) , start narrowing down . i will assume here it was part of 3 . , switch items if it was the other way around : starting over with factory-reset and installing the first half of your apps . split the other half in two again , and repeat as above this procedure should help you finding the culprit , while still being able to use your device and as much of your apps as possible . of course , you could also start with factory-reset and then install each app one-by-one ( which might be the safer approach ) – but as the issue might not show up immediately ( may even take a day or more ) , the above might be more practical .
the partition you want to write to is called boot , not bootloader , so the correct command is fastboot flash boot boot.img 
since google voice just comes in as a normal carrier call , there is no simple way to separate those calls . it does not pass any identifying information that the phone could use to identify it is a google voice call versus a carrier call . you can , however , change your google voice settings ( on the website , not the app ) so that it always shows your google voice number as the caller id on incoming calls . this means you could just whitelist your google voice number and block everything else . then you will receive only gv calls , but you will lose the ability to see who is calling since all calls coming to gv will just display as your gv number . you could then use the call screening features of gv to identify unknown callers . it really is not an elegant solution and the loss of caller id is a big inconvenience , but if you absolutely have to do this , it is about your only option .
lifehacker suggests an app called ssh tunnel : ssh tunnel is an app that allows an android phone to connect to the internet using an ssh tunnel for a completely secure connection . it is great for those times when you have got no data signal , stuck at work or a coffee shop that only has public wi-fi available , and you need to be sure that nobody is snooping your sensitive personal information as you connect to sites .
set yor language by clicking on ' einstellungen ' or navigate directly to the english localized version : http://www.google.com/preferences?hl=en to set it there ( you can switch the ' hl=en ' for english to hl=hu for hungarian or any other you want in the link ) . setting your start page is not what you want : this will not affect searches from the widget or from the omnibox ( the auto completion , aka instant search ) . edit : seems like the keyboard language sets the default . . . switched from en to german and back .
there are various advertising networks that will use cookies and the likes of which to track you and profile your online movement , and then later use those to target ads at you . it is possible that the nbc and huffington post apps are using the same avertising network and thus showing the same/similar adverts . you might want to check out adblockplus for android , it no longer requires root access and their installation instructions are quite easy to follow .
well , nobody seemed to be able to answer this question , so i went ahead and applied the update . overall , i am glad i did . i have not noticed any significant change in performance . i could take or leave most of the ui changes included in touchwiz , but there are a few things in the new ui that are very nice . one is that toggles for things like bluetooth , wifi , and auto-rotation are now immediately accessible in the notifications pop-up when you touch the notification tray . another nice thing is a dedicated screenshot button that appears next to the regular android buttons in the control bar at the bottom . press it at any time for an instant screenshot . i have not noticed that any features have been disabled . i do not have a 3g-capable tablet , so i do not know if the " portable wi-fi hotspot " functionality would be affected by the update . but everything else i have tried functions as it did before . also , an unexpected bonus to the upgrade is that samsung released a bunch of new apps bundled with the new ui , some of which are very useful . the ebooks app especially is nice for me , it reads epub and pdf files , and it formats epubs better and performs faster than some of the other apps i have tried ( like fbreader ) . there is also an app for making adjustments to photos , and a few others that i have not really used . the new touchwiz ui also includes a handful of mini-apps that can be launched from the android control bar at any time . these apps appear in small windows that float over whatever other apps you are running , and they can be moved around . none of these apps are really awesome , but some are useful . for example , you can bring up a mini-view of your calendar , a small music player , or a note pad you can type into or draw on , without leaving the app you were using before . it is kind of a neat idea , although i am glad this is not a standard android feature or there would be way too many apps written this way , and android would lose a lot of its ease-of-use .
after reading the comment , i spotted the error . . . anirudh@kat ~/downloads/mkboot $ . /unpack-bootimg . pl /home/anirudh/downloads/boot . img-tools/source_img/boot . img kernel written to /home/anirudh/downloads/boot . img-tools/source_img/boot . img-kernel . gz ramdisk written to /home/anirudh/downloads/boot . img-tools/source_img/boot . img-ramdisk . cpio . gz gzip : . . //home/anirudh/downloads/boot . img-tools/source_img/boot . img-ramdisk . cpio . gz : no such file or directory cpio : premature end of archive extracted ramdisk contents to directory /home/anirudh/downloads/boot . img-tools/source_img/boot . img-ramdisk/ for the boot.img-ramdisk.cpio.gz - this needs special handling . . . try this : gzip -dc boot.img-ramdisk.cpio.gz | cpio -i  the way to do it is after unpacking the boot.img , create a directory called something like ramdisk , go into that directory and use gzip -dc ../boot.img-ramdisk.cpio.gz | cpio -i , the reason is , to organize the structure and files with minimum clutter . gzip decompresses the ramdisk archive to stdout , pipe it into cpio with the -i switch to read from stdin and it will correctly extract the data . to do the reverse , say after making a change here and there within the ramdisk directory : mkbootfs ramdisk/ | gzip &gt; my_new_ramdisk.gz 
try instacamera pro from google play store . it starts very fast and has preferences to start camera and takes photo just by a single touch from home screen of your phone : instacamera is the quickest way to take a photo with your phone . there is no long process : just press the widget and it takes a photo , then closes just as quickly . the paid pro version is supposed to be faster than the free version .
i do not know if archos have modified the music player at all , but on most android devices and players , the most reliable way to ensure that all your music shows its album art in the player is to embed the album art directly in the mp3 file , rather than relying on a " folder.jpg " or a " albumart.jpg " being in the folder . as far as i know most music selling websites embed the album art directly in the file , and a lot of popular cd ripping software does too these days , so it is probably only your older files , or ones you have got from elsewhere that do not have the art embedded in the file . i use a windows program called mp3tag to embed the album art directly into the file amongst other things , but there is lots of other software that will do this , see these answers on our superuser sister site for some suggestions : what is the easiest way to update album art ? , or bulk fix album artwork in itunes library for display
yes , google is in charge of the android market .
you could create a tasker profile that sets the ringer volume when a bluetooth headset is connected . i am not sure how to handle the case when you disconnect the headset , though . you would only want to set the volume back to zero if it was zero when it was connected . edit : tasker gives access to current ringer volume via variable %volr in a profile with condition bluetooth connected : set a variable %savevol to %volr set ringer volume to desired level , if %volr = 0 exit task : set ringer volume to 0 , if % savevol = 0
easiest way . check your packaging . look for model describtion on the back of the other label . either z520 or z560 , the z520 is s4 , 560 is s3 . from wikipedia : processor and memory one version of the one s uses a qualcomm snapdragon s4 . . . in certain markets the one s uses the older snapdragon s3 . . . the two versions have slightly different packaging , the s4 is model z520e/z520m and states " processor : dual core , 1.5ghz"/"cpu speed 1.5 ghz , dual core , whereas the s3 is model z560e and states " processor : dual core " .
not quite , no . when you uninstall a package , it also removes other data to do with that package : for example , the app 's own private data , its data on the sd card , your default preferences for that app . it also tells any other interested apps that you have removed the app , via an intent broadcast . other apps receiving that broadcast might take further action based on that : for example , a launcher ( home screen app ) would remove desktop shortcuts and widgets from that app , since they will not work any more . when a package is upgraded ( that is , replaced with a new apk file with the same package name and a later version code ) , the old version is stopped , so that nothing from the app is running any more . the old apk file is removed and the new one replaces it , but the other uninstall actions are not performed : the private app data and default preferences are kept , and the uninstall broadcast is not sent . instead , a different intent is broadcast to tell any interested apps that the package has been updated . so while the old apk file is removed , the effect of an upgrade is quite different to uninstalling the old package and then installing the new one . in google play the situation can be a bit different if the developer has enabled delta updates ( called smart updates by google ) . in a delta update only the changes between the two versions are downloaded and applied to the existing apk . for example , if you have an app that is 15mb in size , and the developer decides to change the background image , you do not need to download the entire application again , you can just download the delta ( difference ) , which includes the new image . the old apk is then duplicated , the new content is injected to the copy of the old apk , and if successful the old apk is removed . the end result is the updated apk .
the hacked apk from here works : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=18058380postcount=147
in order to do this , you would need a rooted phone , and flash a custom rom with the htc interface ( called sense ) built in . depending on your phone , it may or may not be there ( more likely not ) .
i have rooted my sgs with z4root and it was a very smooth process ! i can highly recommend z4root ! and while you are at it , continue with installing one click lag fix to make your sgs lag a lot less ! i did it , and have not looked back since . oclf is made by the same guy who made z4root , but for some weird reason , oclf can , by itself , only root pre-froyo phones . but that is not a big problem , you just need 2 apps instead of one : )
the wifi password imho is only setup once , when you configure your device 's hotspot . lateron , you simply activate/deactivate it . to automate the latter , you could e.g. use tasker : profile " autohotspot " : condition : " device boot " task : " wifi tether " &rarr ; set on with this profile activated , your hotspot would be automatically be enabled as soon as the device has completed booting up . for the " bonus point " you mentioned : there is a free 7-day trial available on the tasker homepage . you can download the .apk to your computer , and use adb to install it on your device ( adb pm install ) . . .
i have been using the app thinking space . certainly not as efficient but good if i want to map a quick idea out .
this mechanism is described at the android developers site as follows : zipalign is an archive alignment tool that provides important optimization to android application ( . apk ) files . the purpose is to ensure that all uncompressed data starts with a particular alignment relative to the start of the file . specifically , it causes all uncompressed data within the . apk , such as images or raw files , to be aligned on 4-byte boundaries . this allows all portions to be accessed directly with mmap ( ) even if they contain binary data with alignment restrictions . the benefit is a reduction in the amount of ram consumed when running the application . in short : .apk content can be easier/faster/more optimal accessed due to the order of data inside the packed file . for deeper information , there is a " complete guide " available at addictivetips : what is zipalign in android and how to make apps zipaligned , which answers the second part of your question : quite understandably , situation would be reserved for unaligned application packages . resource reading would be slow and memory usage would be on the higher end of the spectrum . it would also depend on how many unaligned applications are present . for example , if less number of applications with an unaligned home application , you’d see slower application launch times . this is the best case scenario . for a worst case scenario , having a number of unaligned applications will result in the system repeatedly starting and killing processes , struggling with lags and huge battery drain .
actually , with 2.3.5 . x version of gmail app , google added more notification options , although well hidden within the settings . in the main screen of the gmail app : press the menu key , go to more -> settings . tap on your google account , scroll down to the Notification settings section and ensure the Email notifications option is enabled . on the same screen , tap on the Labels to notify option . here " inbox " and " priority inbox " are always listed , as well as any labels you have created on the gmail 's web interface . for each label that you want to specify or change notification options , tap on the label , and in the pop-up window you will be able to select the following options : email notifications : whether or not to display the icon in the notification area when new e-mail comes in . ringtone : allows you to specify a custom ringtone , or set to " silent " for none . vibrate : specifies options for when/if to also vibrate on new mail . notify once : when checked , will only display notifications ( and sound/vibrate ) once for new mail until you dismiss it , otherwise will notify for each new e-mail . tap OK button , exit out of the settings , and you should be all set .
do you use any custom kernel or do you have stock factory default ? if you do not have stock then there is no recovery . if you have a custom kernel , you should press the vol down button when you see the kernel logo . that is because custom kernels have cwm recovery integrated , because xperia 2011 phones do not have a the recovery partition . for solution to your problem , you should use seus , that is the only way to fix a bootloop with stock kernel . you can download it from here : http://www.sonymobile.com/global-en/tools/update-service/ the software is self-explanatory and will guide you how to enter into flash mode . here 's a tutorial on how to use seus : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_ocgb6asqq
the answer to this question is that no , neither android nor my carrier are arbitrarily blocking traffic on high-numbered ports . the problem is that i had forgotten how paranoid i am about security and that , in addition to making ssh listen on a non-standard port , i had also created an iptables rule to only allow connections to that port from my home ip address and my work ip address . obviously i was using a different ip address when attempting to connect via my phone , hence the failure to connect . ( and i probably did not look hard enough when prompted by @izzy to check server logs , because i am sure there is a record of the blocked connection attempt in there somewhere ) . d'oh . . . my apologies for wasting people 's time , but in case anybody else thinks they have a problem with android or their carrier arbitrarily blocking ports , hopefully this answer will prompt them to triple check everything about their connection , including their server firewall , before they go off logging tickets .
install a sensor app like androsens or androsensor . they both are able to show you the proximity information . note : the sensor only distinguishes between near and far proximity ( 0-5cm and > =5cm usually ) . it is ok that you will not get accurate distance measurements .
for galaxy nexus these are different builds : takju : devices sold through the play store in the us . contains the google wallet aplication . yakju : devices sold through google outside the us . yakjuxw : devices sold by samsung . if you buy yakjuxw i would recommend that you update to yakju with factory images provided by google . this way you will get the updates in time . i was not aware that there are similar builds for the nexus 7 .
basically , the problem with this is that your phone cannot distinguish between what you want to say and transmit to the other end of the conversation , and words you want to be commands to the phone . what if you call an automated system that says " say ' one ' for x . say ' two ' for y . " ? when you say ' one ' or ' two ' , there is no way ( without very advanced ai ) for the phone to decide whether you intended to transmit that speech ( e . g . " two" ) or intended it to be a command for the phone to dial ( '2' ) . you could possibly have a custom dialer app where if you press a button on your phone , it stops transmitting your voice and accepts commands , and pressing again stops accepting commands and resumes transmitting your voice . i would bet a lot of money that no one has made such a custom dialer . of course , there are many phones where you can enter " pauses " into the dialer , followed by menu choices . for example , 555-555-5555-pause-pause-pause-2-pause-1 will : dial 555-555-5555 wait for the call to connect press '2' ( for a menu option ) wait for the next menu press '1' ( for a menu option ) this might serve your needs if you know the menu layout , but otherwise i think you are stuck ( unless you want to use headphones as lie ryan suggests ) .
there is a bluetooth connect and play app that can intercept the incoming " play " command . while it was originally designed to let you start a specific music app playing when a specific bluetooth device connects , you can instead select " stop music from playing " to keep any app from starting when the car connects .
it is not enough to make the developer options page appear in the settings menu ( by repeatedly tapping the build number ) . on that page , there is an option usb debugging , which defaults to off . when usb debugging is enabled , connecting your device to a pc using usb makes the " usb debugging connected " notification appear , regardless of whether adb is currently running on the pc .
how to find out what is going on as this problem can have many causes , it is important to first figure out the real culprit . without knowing that , attempted solutions are nothing but guesswork , and the process nothing but try-and-err . so here are a few steps : is it a hardware error on the card ? put the card in a different device . it the same problems occur there , we can rule out your problem is with the device , and it is rather the card . is the card corrupted ? you can put the card in a card reader , attach it to your computer , and have it checked there . with a terminal app , you could try the same from within your device , using the /sbin/fsck.vfat tool – but on your computer , graphical tools might assist you . check the android logs for related errors : our logging tag-wiki gives you some hints on how to do this . especially useful might be our question on how can i view and examine the android log ? the third step lead directly to the cultprit ( s ) in your case : corrupted files . deleting those made the card usable again . so next , let 's check a few possible causes : what could be possible culprits ? the card could be physically corrupted . in this case , the same errors should occur on other devices , and as well on your computer when using a card reader . only solution for this is to replace the card with a new one , as a " physical repair " is not possible . there might be problems with the contacts . here a few things could be tried , like cleaning the contacts of the card . if the same problem occurs with any card you put in your device , it is rather the device itself – in which case you had have to send it in for service . logical corruption of the cards file-system : the file system can get corrupted . this e.g. happens when you disconnect the card without cleanly unmounting it first . while in such a case the same problems should show up in any device using the card , some might be " more tolerant " on errors than others . so it does not hurt to check the file-system for errors – see step 2 in " how to find out " for checking . if there are errors found , the same tools usually can solve them . re-formatting the card would be a last resort for this as well . corrupted files on the card : the card might be physically perfect , and have no issues in the file-system . but in some cases , corrupted files might led to problems as well – especially if occuring on " central files " android is always looking for on the card when it is mounted ( in the /Android subdirectory , or while scanning for media ) . if you can read the card using a card-reader on your pc , you can make a backup there and then format the card – copying the files back one-by-one until the error occurs again , and then skip those corrupted files . easier approach is the one you have taken on my recommendation in the comments : check androids logs ( see step 3 on " how to find out" ) , and simply delete the culprits ( again , via a card reader – as you cannot do so on the device itself , which does not correctly mount the card anymore ) . possible solutions have already be mentioned along the lines , together with the related causes : cleaning the contacts of the card checking the card for file-system errors and , if there are any , have them repaired formatting the card 1 checking the android logs for other hints ( e . g . corrupted files , which then should be removed ) 1: remark : switching to an alternative file-system type does not affect whether formatting helps , but rather might lead to additional issues – as not all file-system types are supported by android . which are , differs from device to device , and depends on the rom used : vfat is the default shipping with most cards , and hence always supported . extfs is mostly supported as android uses it internally ( but might not be automatically detected , as it is not expected here ) . other types such as ntfs or hfs are very unlikely to be supported
llama ( free ! ) can also do this for you , and some say it is better than tasker . with llama , you can configure certain " areas " that trigger " events " when you enter them , or leave them , or are in them . you can also trigger events by time of day , or combine areas and times . a trigger can change the sound profile but also turn other services on or off - for instance , it could turn off wifi while you are neither home nor at work except during weekends .
create a dummy apn and select that as default . with this , even if you enable data accidentally via toggles , it would still not connect . ps : added as an answer as suggested by op
my first instinct is to say the partitions are messed up . i would try using the " shipped rom " from here and re-partitioning via odin . i found the . pit file here .
always the way , innit ? 5 minutes after i ask , i stumble across this . it is not super elegant but its success is in its simplicity . simply replace the dedicated /cache partition with a link to the internal sd card , and bob 's your uncle . has to be repeated on reboot , so not perfect , but way better than not installing at all !
according to this page the original stats are this : input ( ac ) : 100-240v , 50/60hz output ( dc ) : 5v , 1.8a here 's an image : the newer charger is 9v and 1.8a .
summing up the solution from the comments and expanding : this process basically includes two steps : create a backup transfer it to the windows pc wirelessly a further pre-condition for the following is that the device is rooted , which is the case here . create the backup depending on what you need to backup , there are different good solutions available ( you can see the backup tag-wiki for more information ) : with a custom recovery such as clockworkmod , you can create a nandroid backup helium - app sync and backup can be used to create an adb style backup of all your apps including their settings titanium backup does backups of all your apps , data , settings , etc . , and has proven well over all the years all three options store their backups on the sdcard . so if your device features a microsd slot , you could even simply take out the card , and attach it to your pc using a card reader . this generally works without a cable , and such could also count as " wireless " : ) one thing you might need to care for manually are the media files , and other downloaded/manually created stuff . usually , this is stored on the sdcard as well – but that could be the internal one , so in case of the " card-reader option " you might need to copy stuff to the external card manually , which can be done with a good file manager such as es file explorer . transfer via wifi now for the wifi transfer . this can be done with the just mentioned es file explorer , which includes a " samba client " to access windows shares : just share a drive from your computer , and then copy all files over . this also can be done " the other way round " , pulling the files : with e.g. airdroid you can access your device from any web browser . airdroid includes a file manager , and lets you upload and download files . another more elegant variant , especially if you want to automate things , is to use a sync tool . here you might want to take a look at foldersync : as the name suggests , this app lets you synchronizes files and folders . like with es file explorer , you can use samba/cifs here to access a windows share . elegant permanent solution : set up scheduled backups with titanium backup , and set up a matching sync interval for tibu 's backup directory with foldersync . that way you always have an up-to-date backup off-board your device , in case of brick/loss/whatever .
developers can choose to target specific devices or not . presumably these apps are either limited to devices that are known to work , or have blacklisted the galaxy player due to incompatibility . another option is that some apps might be available only while connected to a cell network or a particular cell network . there are some at and t apps that are only available to those on at and t , for example , and i imagine this might be more broadly the case . here are some workarounds : get the app via another ( legitimate ) means , possibly the developer 's site or another app market . use an app like marketenabler ( requires root ) to fake a different network . edit your /system/build.prop file to report your device as a different device . only edit the device name and versions and so on , not other settings , or your device may stop working ! you should be able to google the various fields for other devices and see what to use if you want to mimic one . note that doing 2 or 3 in order to circumvent distribution controls may not be legal in your region . the onus is on you to ensure you are acting legally . i am not a lawyer and this is not legal advice . etc .
not in the general case , no . it is possible to send an intent to start an activity or service ( or broadcast an intent to receivers ) using the am tool from the android shell ( and therefore from a pc using adb shell ) . what you can do that way depends on what intent filters the app 's developer has chosen to offer , and in most apps it does not include actions like deleting individual data items . an alternative approach is the monkeyrunner tool . this is a testing tool , and it lets you write a python script to send input events ( and the like ) via adb to an app running on your device . however , because it is designed for testing your own app , it is very limited in what it can do . to send a touch event , you have to program in the exact x and y co-ordinates that you want to touch : it can not record input and play it back later , like a general macro tool .
so , as said , i had tried everything , refresh included , the international code for my number and all contacts numbers , everything . the problem was much more idiot : my friend finally told me that the number connected to whatsapp was the old one . as it was associated to the email , it was not letting the new number appear . something like that . i still do not understand how this is possible , i mean , somebody uses whatsapp with a number , then changes number but not email , and start sending messages through the new number , but does not appear with that number because the email is registered with the old number ? crazy . how can then this person send messages from the new number ? complicated . anyway . thanks : )
updating is sufficient . i think clear is for cases where you are offline and can not update .
while in this case it turned out to be a carrier issue ( and solved on the carrier 's end , see this comment ) , in other cases one of the test menus might prove helpful . for a starter , you can find a lot of " secret codes " in this list for the sgs , together with a short explanation . but use them on your own risk : )
yes . they are called wireless emergency alerts , part of the emergency alerts system . there was a thing in california earlier this year over the first use of the system giving utterly irreverent information ( sending the alert to people hundreds of miles from the event ) , presumably due to poor implementation .
first , look at which apps are runnng ( including services ) . then use titanium backup to freeze on of those apps ( exclude regular system apps/services , unless you have determined nothing else is the culprit ) and see if your problem stops . if you have not found the offender , un-freeze and try another .
( edit ) this answer is only really helpful for unlocked tablets . . look after this paragraph if that is already the case . otherwise read on . " fastboot oem unlock " also does a factory reset , you need to have it unlocked before you need it , alas . this is both good for privacy and bad for recovery from half-bricked devices . . . the factory reset does in fact a secure erase which nullifies all your data . according to android : building for devices : $ fastboot oem unlock the procedure must be confirmed on-screen , and deletes the user data for privacy reasons . it only needs to be run once . ( end edit ) you can boot a temporary custom recovery and create a backup of your device . it should also be possible to wipe it afterwards and recover from your problem without having to send it back at all ( provided it is not a hardware issue ) . steps : install the sdk ( if not already done ) and have working adb + fastboot executables ready download a cwm recovery image from here unlock your nexus 7 's bootloader : fastboot oem unlock here 's how to enter the fastboot mode ( the nexus 7 's codename is grouper ) : press power for a second , and press volume down when the bootloader logo appears boot into a temporary cwm recovery : fastboot boot recovery-clockwork-6.0.1.0-grouper.img create a nandroid/cwm backup from your broken installation ( backup and restore-> backup ) after the backup is complete , try to pull all data from your device : adb shell mount ( should list something like /dev/block/mmcblk0p1 on /sdcard or so ( not really sure however ) adb pull /sdcard backup/ ( replace /sdcard with the above noticed directory , this should extract all your data to backup/ ) check if everything is transmitted correctly ) you can buy titaniumbackup+prokey afterwards ( it allows extracting data from nandroid backups quite easily ) if that fails you can alternatively leech everything manually with adb : i assume you use linux . . final step : if you are really sure that you got all your data back , boot back into the cwm recovery ( see step above ) and issue a wipe data/factory reset command . then reboot and re-setup your tablet ( hopefully you do not have a hardware issue ) . optional step : relock your bootloader via fastboot oem lock
afaik , android market shows the list of installed apps in chronological order . so the latest app you have installed should be on the top ( first ) of the list . the app that was installed before this - should be the second .
i have had this problem with previous ota updates on my htc . the problem i ran into is that my phone did not have enough " space " for the update to actually install gracefully . the bigger problem is that there are many different places the phone can run out of " space " . i ended up booting into the recovery to wipe the cache partition ( for some details see &quot ; low on space&quot ; warning with over 50% free ) . i also ended up wiping the app cache and data on a number of apps ( including the launcher -- lost all my icons , gmail , maps , etc ) to reduce " space " used until the update installed . i do not recall what exactly pushed the install over the edge and made it go , but it was painful enough that i am not bothering with the latest update ( its just a point release , despite the version number they are showing you its not an ics update ) .
i do not think it is possible to add a shortcut to the " add reminder " card at the moment . i have had a look through the activities as well and none of them appear to do what you want . there is a " set reminder " option in the menu within google now which may help ? click the three dots at the bottom right ( you might need to scroll down ) and you should see the " set reminder " option .
i am not 100% sure for all apps involved , but for most the " general rule of thumbs " applies : go to settings→apps select the " all " tab ( to also show pre-installed apps ) walk the apps one-by-one , open their entries , and select " clear cache " plus " delete data " especially exclude things like " google play services " , but include the " calendar provider " and " contacts provider " ( or similar named entries ) . it is a good idea to first make a backup ( just in case ) , and also to keep log of what you cleared . the former in case you hit one app too much , the latter in case you need to perform a factory-reset one day – as after that , sync would be automatically enabled by default , and you can only disable it after having finished the wizard and re-created your account – so all calendars , contacts , etc . would be back .
the total of all the usage should always approximate 100% . that android ( the core ) is responsible for 79% of the entire drain is not anything to worry about , it just says that not much else was drawing power .
i did some tests , and turns out that the contacts are grayed when your phone 's app is not able to communicate with google talk servers . this is also the behavior when using google talk on other systems , or even from google web pages , like google+ . you did not noticed this before , most likely because you never had a communication issue with their server , witch is good . i have my grayed contacts all the time : (
i will consider not possible to tell phoenixsuit resize android partitions . so i will give up .
if you are willing to use external hardware , one good option is an external hdmi capture card and a usb to hdmi cable . for example a Blackmagic Design : UltraStudio Mini Recorder is only $145 for an hd-sdi and hdmi thunderbolt device , and a micro usb to hdmi cable can go for as little as $10 . this way the recording does not affect the performance of your device or app . more expensive than an app on the device , but much more flexible .
since android 4 , devices no longer need to have hardware soft buttons for menu , back , home etc . they are now part of the screen , provided by the os . the menu button has now been replaced by 3 dots in the top corner of the program - if these 3 dots on top of each other are not visible , then the app has not been updated for ics+ , and you will not be able to access the menu items ( unless you are rooted ) . if you are rooted , you can download the button savior app that will overlay buttons onto the screen - you can set one to the menu button , to then access the apps menu . here is a screenshot of the button you have to press to access the app menu : ( see the thing in the yellow square )
given android phones just run as usb drive mode for syncing : just for music : doubletwist media monkey all media : winamp * will also sync outlook contacts , files etc . missing sync for android * *syncs over wi-fi
you have multiple options to solve this : go to settings-> apps , scroll to skype , open it , and hit the " clear defaults " button if that for some reason does not work : simply install some other voip app , try to call a person again ( now you should be able to chose ) , hangup , and remove the other voip app again try default app manager lite , defaultapp reset , or similar apps to reset single default actions chuck-norris-mode : try clear default app for action to reset all default actions last ressort : uninstall and re-install skype all above solutions should reset the default app selected . besides : same procedure works for multiple web browsers , home screen replacements ( launchers ) , image viewers . . .
looks like this is a bug caused by agenda view and multi-day calendar entries . if you have one that includes the current day , calendar opens to the first day of that entry . fortunately , i think the bug is fixed upstream : http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=21605 simplest workaround is to delete the multi-day entry . :/
i have had the same problem with the new market app a couple times now , the only solution i have found is to clear the market data in Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications -&gt; Market -&gt; Clear data ( and Clear cache if it is not already 0.00b ) . now after you reopen market , it should show the correct updates .
we had similar issues in our office router which had expired security certificate resulting in denial of https urls . when we updated our certificate this issue was solved . i guess your issue should be similar . i stumbled on a web page that claims the solution . but looking at the solution i very much doubt its worth .
the answer is not to copy to the directory named usbStorage . probably , just for galaxy s2 . create new directory named Media in / and move your music in it . then , reboot ( optional ) .
yes , you will be able to use the logitech revue google tv unit without the set-top box . i am doing this with the sony blueray player w/gtv . during the set-up process simply skip the section for setting up the tv provider and you should be all set . here is a youtube video of a revue functioning without a cable or satellite stb .
got same problem . here 's a fix . go to the advanced settings by typing " about:config " in the url string , filter settings by " font " substring and change the values of font names corresponding to your codepage from " sans . . . " ( not mono ) to " roboto " . restart firefox
if the dustbin animation is shown the voice note probably is deleted . or you can check all the saved voice notes on the sd card . the path is Whatsapp/Media/Whatsapp Voice
aha i have found it : the emails were still in the trash . once i viewed the trash , highlighted them all , and than choose the ' delete permanently ' , than when syncing on the device , the ' deleted ' mails were gone too . gathrawn was so convincing in his reply that they should have been deleted , i investigated some more . . . thanks . i will keep my answer here , since it might help others in the future .
i sent this question into verizon wireless as well . here is their reply : thank you for contacting verizon wireless through our website . . . i understand that you have been having an issue trying to decrypt files on your handset . at this time motorola has not provided an update for your phone to be able to do this . without that , we are unable to assist you because this is a phone issue and not a network issue . so it looks like ryan was correct in his comment that this is an issue with a motorola os add-on , not vanilla android . since originally asking my question , i experimented some more with my phone . my phone has 2 check-boxes for setting encryption : one to encrypt the sd card ( that i mentioned in my original question ) and one to encrypt the main phone memory . when i unchecked both boxes , my phone decrypted all files , both on the phone and on the sd card . so , that is my solution for now . thank you ryan for your comments -- they helped lead me to this answer .
apparently i was closing out of the install app too early . when you install swype ( the actual app , not the installer ) , and press done , you must wait about 2 to 4 seconds for a dialog box to appear to " enable swype " . do not press back ( and then try to enable swype via the keyboards in settings ) because it will not work ! swype has to show this dialog box in order to create a license file . more info here .
short answer : no . explanation : this action would involve multiple steps : re-mount /system read-write write the hosts file to /system/etc/hosts re-mount /system read-only each of the step requires root permissions , as the file belongs to system:system and usually is read-only to other " users " .
no worky . htc is not calling the correct ascii code for the " pipe " symbol . it seems there are two of them in existence . one is a straight vertical bar ( | ) ( supposed to be ascii #124 in base-10 and 7c in hex ) and one has a small gap in the center , it is also called the broken line or the broken bar and was used in the old ibm ebcdic character set . the confusion is that i have seen unix keyboards with the broken line representing the pipe symbol . however , the broken bar is not part of the ascii set and i have no clue what htc used for its ascii representation . on second thought they must be using an iso/iec 8859-1 representation : the vertical bar is 7c ( hex ) and the broken bar is a6 ( hex ) . there you have it . all i can say is that my invisible wireless network has | in it and as long as i hide it , i can not link to it with my incredible . making it visible and joining and then making it invisible again does not work as a trick . annoying !
lockscreen calendar is a fairly lightweight app to display your next few upcoming events on your lockscreen . unfortunately , it does not currently support recurring events .
there are slightly different opinions around on this topic . to fully understand the issue , one needs to first understand how liio batteries work ( which goes a little too far for our site , so please read details on wikipedia ) . lie ryan is absolutely right : liio batteries do not take it well to be fully discharged . it should not be done too often . i am not sure what a double-take should improve here . usually there is no need to do that " explicitly " . if you think of how often you end up with an empty batterie ( as it does not last long enough ) , calibration is already done as a side-effect ( if you then fully charge ) . it is widely agreed that it should not be done more often than once in 60 . . 90 days , so logas might have mistaken the term . see previous point : ) i never saw reason to calibrate any of my devices ' battery , though . it certainly cannot hurt to do it with the device turned off , as then it is not being charged and discharged at the same time . i doubt it is really necessary , but it does no harm : )
ok , here 's a start at a list ( does not have to be definitive ) : the gotab gbt740r 7" android 4 ice cream sandwich tablet , costing just 100 pounds or less in uk ! this device has a full size usb female socket to support usb otg / usb host . a friend owns one , his usb memory sticks work in this - we can browse to the usb stick contents using astro file manager app on the tablet . @philip sheard 's ( yet unknown ) " cheapo tablet just £70" - see his answer ( care to enlighten us at to the make and model , philip ? may be it is the same as the one i mention ? or not ? ) update : acer iconia tab a200 ( includes full-size usb a connector , takes flash keys no problem ) . thanks @michael kohne for your answer . i will try to update as i find more . . . ( feel free to contribute )
just a guess , but worth trying : i did the same with locus maps . i created a kml , which imported fine , and could be used as layer there ( locus even supports kmz containing images and more , so you could use that for a " self-made travel guide" ) . the article using kml files on the same site suggests at least the kml part should work with osmand as well , so i considered placing this as answer ( instead of making it a comment ) . this article even explicitly mentions pois – which probably is the reason your linked article contained that few details : you may use any format containing your pois , if you are able to convert it to osm format . and all points inside the kml file are converted into osm points , assigning them some properties like tourism category and museum type . note the categories mentioned here match those on your linked article .
i had the same problem , but i saw the exact moment it happened , a message appeared saying " switching to full screen mode " . then i could not switch it off . i deleted all data in chrome , and the problem was fixed . there was no need to uninstall the app , just cleaned the data using the android built-in application manager . it seems some website included code that caused this , and the chrome for android simply does not have the settings to revert this . hope this helps .
you can verify by checking /proc/config.gz and search through it looking for the configure option - CONFIG_BLK_DEV_LOOP=y . to do that you need to do it this way : cp /proc/config.gz /sdcard/kernel_config.gz  and adb pull /sdcard/kernel_config.gz  unzip the kernel_config . gz and open it up in a notepad or text editor and search it . if its either # CONFIG_BLK_DEV_LOOP is not set or CONFIG_BLK_DEV_LOOP=n all bets are off .
the reason the pictures remains visible in the gallery is because the android 's mediascanner is a bit weak in this regard . what happens is this - when android boots up , it runs the mediascanner , which goes off and checks all the images , ringtones , audio to sum up , and keeps tab on it . this is only done once on boot . you can get around this , by unmounting the sd card , do this safely ( settings > storage > unmount sd card ) this will take a few seconds , once its unmounted , you can pop out the sd card , pop it back in again , this in turn will force the mediascanner to run again , and then all the images that you have deleted are no longer there in the gallery . mediascanner is a service that acts as a caching service in that it caches all media ( images/audio ) . on some roms , there is a facility to force it to run again without having to do the above .
uninstall setcpu and adfree if you do not want to use them . beyond that , you should do a factory reset to erase your data and apps -- if the rom/os is vanilla , then that should be the only thing different from how your phone came in the box .
the gmail app does not support downloading attachments . it does support viewing a limited amount of mimetypes . if you want to download the zip file , you will need to go to gmail . com using the browser on the phone and download it from there . another alternative is to use another android email client . k-9 mail works well with gmail accounts and can both download attachment to the sd card as well as open them from the mail itself .
here is the google play link for google voice , if that is what you have been looking for . total offline answering machine functionality is not possible due to androids technical barriers . see this thread on xda . you can use apps like youmail visual voicemail which sounds promising . if not , you can easily find many alternatives after a quick search on google play .
in Settings-&gt;Accounts and Sync-&gt;Your Google Account make sure google photos is selected this is in Settings-&gt;Google in 4 . x . edit : i just checked , and reinstalling the google+ all fixed this . uninstall the app , then install it again . you then need to go into the settings menu and enable instant upload .
es file explorer has support for several cloud storage providers . it allows to " copy " folders from your dropbox folder to your sd-card etc in a similar fashion as you would copy files locally . the " network " tab allows you to add an account .
the recent applications list show only what applications have been recently used , it does not check whether they are still running or using memory/cpu . therefore , this list does not affect battery use one way or the other . instead , you might want to check Settings -&gt; Apps -&gt; [swipe to the right] to show running applications , processes and services . here you can see the apps that are using your device and consuming battery , and kill unnecessary processes by tapping the app and then Stop .
you can access the built-in graphic equalizer by going to settings , then sound , then audio effects .
go launcher ex looks like you can turn that on , at least for some apps . related is the next notification plugin for next launcher 3d .
i just deleted it . . . it seems to be a bug with cyanogenmod . will update if there are any problems . deletion was done through the terminal app . you type su to give it super user permissions , then you go to the path and use a linux command to delete the files .
i updated my s3 from android 4.1.2 ( stock samsung rom ) to 4.3 a couple of days ago . the problem had happened consistently for me for a year and a half , exactly as described above , in two 4.0 . x ( ics ) versions as well as in jelly bean 4.1 , but in 4.3 it appears to finally been fixed : after the update i copied many files with unicode hebrew names to my microsd card , and they have survived numerous unmount/remounts of the card and phone restarts with no issues . incidentally , another issue i had been encountering was that automatic rescans of the media folders on the card ( done by android 's " media storage " system app ) , which occur every time a card is inserted or the phone is disconnected from usb , were taking a very long time ( sometimes hours ) . this in turn caused issue with syncing my large music library between my mac and phone using the isyncr utility . this issue has also completely gone away , and i suspect that the android media scanner was not dealing well with the corrupted files . additional details : phone : gt-i9300 international version , unrooted , running the official israeli unbranded samsung firmware . card : sandisk 64gb class 10 ( same as original asker 's iiuc ) , formatted to exfat on a mac . i did not even bother reformatting after the 4.3 upgrade -- i simply mounted the card on the mac in order to erase all the existing corrupted 0-length files , which as noted cannot be deleted by the various android file utilities .
yes , based on those posts you definitely have a 2 . x radio that does not require the modified kernel . your radio version is also listed as supported on the dangerspl page . i think you are good to go , best of luck !
yes , just copy the /system/etc/apns-conf.xml file . you can also use an app like apn backup and restore : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.riteshsahu.apnbackuprestore edit : to backup manually-entered apns ( or ones otherwise not part of your rom , such as ones " imported " when you insert a new sim card ) you also need to back up /data/data/com.android.settings/shared_prefs/com.android.settings_preferences.x\xadml  apn backup and restore does not do this .
there are multiple solutions . as you have android 4 . x , long-pressing on a wifi apn in settings&rarr ; networks and wireless&rarr ; wifi lets you edit an apn . check the " advanced " box , and you can configure the proxy . though this form does not offer separate fields for username/password , here 's a trick how to do it : for the server name , enter user:pass@proxyserver ( e . g . if the proxy is 10.11.12.1 , user joe , password foo : joe:foo@10.11.12.1 ) -- this is how it works in some browsers for password-protected urls . in case this makes trouble ( should not , but who knows ) , further details can be found at android-proxy . blogspot . de ( do not be irritated by . de , it is in english ) . another possibility would require your device to be rooted : proxydroid offers some comfort in connection with proxies . next to supporting multiple profiles , it is also capable of handling different authentication methods .
how about advancedbrightness ? it is not automatic - you had have to configure it accordingly . however , since you said " adjust throughout the day , " this may well be a suitable app for your needs . oh , and it is free and very small ( 33kb ) .
try clearing the data for the market app : go to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications -&gt; All and find the market app if it is running , kill it with the button there clear the data ( this will clear the cache as well , no need to do both manually ) restart your phone then try the market again . edit : since that did not work , i would try wiping the data partition ( similar to a factory reset ) : power off your phone boot into bootloader mode by holding down volume down , power , and the camera button . pull the battery and power back on while holding the home button . once you see an android with the triangle and exclamation point , press the search button . using the side volume buttons to move around and the power button to select , select the " wipe data " option . once the wipe is finished , select " reboot system now " .
a factory reset will not remove a custom rom unless the backup image in the custom rom is for a rom other than itself . this would be pretty unlikely . i think we had need to know your phone model and the rom you used to help you figure out why it did not write over the system apps . that is definitely not normal . normally virtually no trace of the old rom should be left .
signing out and exiting ( may need to check the task manager to make sure it is closed ) should clear the local history .
"0-click " batch restore ( as the market page describes it ) is one of the features of the pro version . you cannot do it in the free version , but purchasing a key for the pro version allows you to perform a batch restore unattended .
as far as i know , this is simply a bug in the htc email application . you can try using a different client ( k9 supports signed messages , i believe ) , but beyond that you will have to take it up with htc and hope that they decide to fix it at some point . here 's a related xda thread where someone includes what he says is a response from htc regarding the issue . there is also a thread on the android central forums where someone reports the same bug ( and no solution ) . those threads are a little on the old side , but i do not believe htc has fixed this yet .
as you are rooted , you can use droidwall to control network access on a per app basis . from the market page : front-end application for the iptables linux firewall . allows you to restrict which apps can access the network . this is the perfect solution if you do not have an unlimited data plan , or just wants to see your battery lasting longer .
the built-in google voice commands can not ( at this time ) launch apps . however , a quick search on the market revealed a few possible alternatives . here are two : cyberon voice commander voice actions
ok , i found out the reason for this problem is the band differences on the 3g : S5830: HSDPA 900 / 2100 S5830B: HSDPA 850 / 2100 S5830L: HSDPA 850 / 1900  and the incompatibility with the current firmware i had ( i updated to cyanogenmod 7.2.0 and still had the same issue ) , so for a quick fix , i went to : Settings &gt; Wireless &amp; networks &gt; Mobile networks &gt; Use only 2G networks  and that took care of the issue , however , for a full solution , flashing a latin ( like the brazilian one ) with a modem file like the kp7 or kpl should take care of the problem .
to answer your question , see this previous question for options on changing the country that the market think your phone is in : how can i circumvent regional restrictions in the android market ? for the second part of your question about which country to change to , from the app 's description : currently for u.s. and canada based phones only . but from this description : the application dials to our service , which dials to the other party , showing your phone number as the caller id . the service then records the call at the telephony level , and sends a very high-quality recording straight to your email box . i think that even if you get it to install , it will only work properly if you are currently in the us or canada , as it seems to work by redirecting your call through a landline call forwarding service , which either will not work in other countries , or will be using a hideously expensive international rate call for that purpose .
you need an ebook reader that reads epub files . aldiko ( http://www.aldiko.com/ ) is a great ebook reader that supports epubs . or , you could rename the extension to zip and extract the file . inside , you will see some folders . within one of the folders are html files that can be viewed in a web browser .
first a few things on the symptoms : on unix/linux/android , " free ram " is considered a " wasted resource " . if ram is not occupied by running processes themselves , the system uses it to buffer and cache other things , like the file system . this should speed things up , as usually ram allows faster access . for more details , please check out ram tag-wiki . " task killers " are discussed controversely . while most ( if not all ) people agree they are fine to stop " rogue processes " , it is certainly not their job to " free up ram " or even " save battery " . in these terms , they are rather contra-productive , as most killed processes simply restart themselves ( which costs more battery than if they had kept running , and fills up the " freed ram " again as well ) . for details on this , closer information can be found in the answers on e.g. do i really need to install a task manager ? , do task killers actually work ? and is it advisable to run a task killer app on android . and finally , to the issue itself ( experiencing lags ) . as you describe it as a problem " growing with the time " ( i.e. . it was not there in the beginning , but slowly became more and more visible ) , you will probably find some help in the answers to my device is getting slow , apps start misbehaving/crashing . what can i do ?
you might wish to run a search on google play . one good choice will be airdroid , which gives you a full remote maintenance suite . and of course you can send/receive sms using any browser you like .
i believe what it stands for is " debug surfaceflinger hardware " , and there is only one ( that i know of ) reference to it in the android source code ( in displayhardware . cpp ) : or , in english terms , the system reads the value of the debug.sf.hw flag . if it has a value and that value is equal to zero it disables hardware compositing , otherwise it skips over that block of code . i think there is something of a misconception in that the default should be to have hardware compositing enabled , but you can set debug.sf.hw=0 in order to disable it . so really it is a debug flag , but setting it to 1 ( strictly speaking , any non-zero value ) would explicitly cause compositing to remain enabled . as far as i know , though , the only time it should really have an impact is if the device 's default value is 0 for whatever reason .
android 's hotkey to take screenshots is vol down and power pressed simultaneously for about 3 seconds . the delay is there to prevent accidental presses . ( samsung phones hotkey is the power and home button )
the ssh server does not set all the necessary environment variables so it is easier to use a shell script . when successful : # rescan-media Broadcasting: Intent { act=android.intent.action.MEDIA_MOUNTED dat=file:///mnt/sdcard } Broadcast completed: result=0  this works on cyanogenmod 9.1 . depending on your system the environment may be slightly different . note : in later versions of cyanogenmod / android the sd card may be mounted at /storage/sdcard0 . make sure you know where your card is mounted or this will never work . diskinfo may help here . thanks to dan hulme for pushing me in the right direction . references : http://developer.android.com/reference/android/content/intent.html http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1752749 http://intwoplacesatonce.com/ http://kennystechtalk.blogspot.co.uk/2013/08/start-android-media-scanner-from.html
warning : i have not tested this procedure . you would need to have fstrim in system/bin . this xda post has a dropbox download link . start up adb and then switch users to root . $ adb shell from your os terminal . $ su to switch to the root user . to copy fstrim to your /system/bin path you first need to mount the system path as read/write from adb or some other file manager # mount -o remount,rw -t yaffs2 /dev/block/mtdblock3 /system to mount /system as r/w then copy fstrim to the system path . # cp &lt;pathtofstrim&gt;/fstrim /system/bin next you need to change permissions of fstrim to include execute . # chmod 766 /system/bin/fstrim to make fstrim executable by root after setting the correct permissions on fstrim you can run these commands from adb ( as root ) : # fstrim -v /data # fstrim -v /cache # fstrim -v /system or , you could go the easy way . install the lagfix app , and trigger fstrim on demand , provided your device has fstrim support !
this is how many modern android phones ( including all nexus phones ) work . the nexus 4 can switch between mtp and ptp modes . to overgeneralize a bit , it can use mtp to emulate a media device and ptp to emulate a camera . the nexus 4 has no way to mount as a mass storage device ( and thus , no practical way to mount it and get a drive letter for it )
quadrant also give me the same information that android system info .
both solutions mentioned by @izzy and @darknight in comments could work , but i found the easiest way is to replace steps 8,9,10 of the instructions by the following terminal command : sudo apt-get install android-tools-adb android-tools-fastboot  and then continuing as normal ( and of course write fastboot instead of fastboot . exe in steps 15,16 ) . that saves the trouble of manually downloading and installing flashboot and configuring files and so .
it is not actually possible to fully disable the led for gmail without disabling email notifications altogether . your only alternative is to use an app like lightflow ( of which there is a free , ' lite ' edition ) . hopefully there will be a fix for this in a future update .
my issue was resolved by upgrading google maps to v5.0 . for those troubleshooting this issue , also see this question ( which should probably be your first step ) : how do i set google latitude to auto-update with location regularly ?
this has never been a feature of the stock launcher . perhaps you were using a phone on jellybean where the manufacturer had replaced the stock launcher with their own launcher , which had this feature . since android supports third-party launchers , just install a launcher ( home screen ) app which supports this feature . there are many to choose from .
the facebook app does not have this feature ( and several other features that are available on the web app ) . however , you can create a new list with a 3rd-party app like fast pro for facebook .
this can ( and certainly will ) happen when installing apps on sdcard . normally , the system should prevent this ( or rather the dev , by defining the " install-location " accordingly in the app 's Manifest ) . so if the apps were installed on sdcard , go to settings→apps , scroll to the apps ' entries , open them ( one by one ) , and move the app to internal storage . if the widgets do not appear right away after that , they should do so at least after a reboot .
tinyportriat ( solid ) : the user is reading the conversation . small phone icon : this indicates that the user is using the hangouts app on a mobile device .
use the popular barcode scanner app , it gives you a " share via barcode " option in the " share " menu when viewing a contact .
ok . i found a even more strange thing . the differences are due to the language . if i set my browser language to portuguese suddently i see all the comments that i saw on the other account ( that i was seeing on an android device set to portuguese ) . this is very strange as all comments are written in portuguese . i have not discovered yet how they associate the language to the comment . . . my guess : comments are only visible on the language that they are added . for example : ( this is a guess ) if i add a comment with my browser in portuguese , only people with browsers/devices in portuguese will see it should not the market show all anyway , with somekind of language filter ( our language vs all ) or use google translate to translate all from the start ? does anyone else has a clue about this ? !
your sd card contains pretty much all the data you need . in addition to app backup , you can also use sms backup+ to backup your texts to the sd card ( and then to the home server ) . titanium backup pro version has an option to backup files to your dropbox folder , so you can use that instead of rsync if you like . also , try to move as much data to the cloud as you can - including contacts , settings , photos etc - you get peace of mind knowing that most things are already backed up even if your phone gets damaged or stolen .
usb , mini-usb , and micro-usb cables are standardized , the voltage and amperage are the same across all standard compliant usb chargers . as long as the charger is a standard , generic micro-usb charger then it should be alright . that does not make it impossible for a manufacturer to create a non-standard plug that looks like a usb plug , but they are pretty much screwed up if they do so .
if you are still paired to that media center , then unpair it and turn off you bluetooth visibility , this way media center will not be able to detect your bluetooth , but you will still be able to connect to other devices .
you have got to do 2 things : first , download the s-on tool from unrevoked 's site and run it according to the instructions . the main thing to keep on top of is the radio compatibility , particularly if you have flashed any of the evo 's radios to your incredible . once you are back to s-on , flash the latest ruu . right now , it is 4.08.605.2 . this will replace the rom and recovery with stock versions . be careful doing this , last i heard there is no way to permanently root the incredible and regain s-on after you have flashed a stock gingerbread rom . if you would like to re-root in the future , at least keep s-off .
upgrade your phone to latest jellybean stock rom and flash speedmod kernel from odin . right now is one of the most stable combinations for the galaxy s ii . if you want more performance you can always install siyah kernel and tweak it for your needs . also remember to do a full nandroid backup before flashing anything and wipe /system , /data and /cache before installing jb from odin .
try looking at the logcat output . i had a similar issue with multiple devices ( all of the same manufacturer , though not yours ) -- and it turned out they obviously had a bug in adb implementation ( logcat showed a parse error for the backup file ) . if your situation is comparable ( some adb bug on your device 's firmware ) , you can forget restoring that backup using adb . still , there are alternatives : as you can read in the tag-wiki or our backup tag , there are other apps which can read and restore from adb backups . such as e.g. titanium backup . i am not sure if this feature is reserved for the pro version , but it is at least worth a try with the free one . and even if , this app is worth buying . note , however , that your device must be rooted for this . copy your nexus.ab to the sdcard of your nexus ( i know it has no microsd slot , but the internal sd should do ) . then use tibu to restore from that backup file . you might not be able to restore everything ( i never tried , so i am not sure how far it goes ) -- but at least your apps and their data should be able to get restored . a second way ( to be used for the remaining things ) is to manually unpack the backup archive . details can be found here : how do you extract an app 's data from a full backup made through “adb backup” ? is there a way to look inside and modify an adb backup created file ? you might also wish to consult other questions tagged " adb+backup " for additional information .
the permissions are entered by the developer , yes . but the android os only grants those specific permissions , and no others . therefore an app could try to do something it was not allowed to , but it would fail ( barring a security exploit ) . see http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/security/security.html#permissions for more details .
i am not sure if it is part of a truly vanilla ics build ( though i think it may be ) , but the early cm9 and vanilla ics builds i have played with all have a " developer options " entry in the main system settings . this contains several options which relate to overall graphics effects such as : window animation scale : can be set to " off " to disable window animations transition animation scale : can also be set to " off " force gpu rendering : apparently tries to force gpu rendering of 2d textures/effects . may improve performance according to some ( this generally caused my evo to overheat , though ) it also has an option named " background process limit " . setting a lower number should help improve performance overall , in theory .
this is only any use to you if your pc has an hdmi input , which is very unusual . you will only have such a thing if you deliberately bought video capture hardware and attached it to your pc . if you have such hardware , you should use the video capture software that came with it . trying to use camtasia to capture it would be like trying to use camtasia to capture from a webcam . in addition , depending on what adaptor you use , your video capture hardware may also need to support mhl ( the wire protocol used to send video data over the micro-usb and hdmi connectors ) . see my answer on how does mhl work ? for more details .
please try this . to setup proxy address on avd : go to settings> wireless and networks> mobile networks> mobile networks settings> access point names add access point by clicking "+" button and then type favorite name for name , favorite name for apn , fixed proxy and port . if necessary put user name and password . to setup dns address on avd : run below command . emulator -avd &lt ; machine_name&gt ; -dns-server &lt ; dns_ip_address&gt ; fyi : https://developer.android.com/tools/devices/emulator.html#dns
on my android 4.0.4 if i click on the picture of the contact , i get option to save it .
gmail 's official app does not store password in your device . your password is 100% safe if you use this app . this is how it works : the password is used by google 's authentication servers for the first time only . after first successful authentication , an Auth Token is downloaded to device which is stored in accounts.db file as plain text . for all subsequent logins , this Auth Token is used , not your original password . so , if your device is stolen , all anyone can get is Auth Token which becomes invalid once you change your password . so , you will be in ultimate command . for ultimate security , i would recommend you to enable 2-Factor Authentication and create Device Specific Password for your device . after losing device , all you need is to disable that device . you do not even need to change main password . note : these all are not true if you use third-party email apps for gmail viz . stock email app , k-9 mail etc . imap or pop protocol needs original password to authenticate users everytime . so , plain password needs to be available to email app before sending it to server . so , most of email apps store passwords in plain text ( hashing/encryption is useless because hashing/encryption key needs to be stored locally ) . in this case , i would recommend you to enable 2-Factor Authentication and create Device Specific Password for your device . after losing device , all you need is to disable that device . update : technically , its possible to store passwords locally in encrypted/hashed form without keeping encryption key/ hashing key in plain text locally . thanks to @j . f . sebastian for pointing it out . unfortunately , such implementation for android is not available yet . starting ics , android provides keychain api using which an app can store a password locally in secure form . apps using keychain api are rare , but stock email app uses it ( thanks to @wawa for this info ) . so , your password will be safe with stock email app as long as your screen is locked . remember , keychain is not safe if device is rooted and its not available on pre-ics devices .
using the heimdall one click collection , i was able to restore my device back to the stock rom . in windows , it requires the visual studio c++ runtime . after putting the phone in download mode , all you need to do is to press the flash button .
this is for the nfc functionality . those contacts are used to transmit the info to and from the receiver/transmitter on the back cover ( seen below outlined in green , though you probably guessed it : ) ) . they have to put it on the back cover because nfc only works for usually no more than a few centimetres , and they need a way to feed the information back to the phone system itself . it is discussed more in this post on another android forum .
you can change the dns settings in android , but you need to root your phone first : http://blog.varunkumar.me/2010/09/how-to-change-dns-server-on-android.html i do not believe there is a way to password protect the dns settings , but at least it would not be obvious for them to figure out how to change the settings . edit : of course , one thing you can do to at least protect your kids while they are in your home is to change the dns settings on your router . of course whenever they use your carrier 's data network , this will not help .
backup your data and perform a factory reset ( settings> privacy> factory data reset ) . then restore the data
it seems that moboot in touchpad is corresponding to the bootloader in android native device , so i think it may be impossible to enter such a ' bootloader ' in hp touchpad .
on samsung galaxy s ii ( and possibly other similar phones ) the stock music player app can do this . just open the mp3 in any file manager , choose to play it with the stock music player , hit menu and select Use as... and Ringtone . another option is to use doubletwist player to show the music by artist/album and long-press the song you want , then select Use as ringtone . this way you do not have to select from one long list , but the downside is you can not use your file manager to browse , you are stuck with artist/album grouping . also , you could check out ringtone maker , you can browse files in menu -> browse . . . . this also has the ability to play , chop and edit volume/fade .
this depends on the device . there are devices that have more accurate sensors , which can display the distance in cm correctly , but some sensors only report the distance as " near " or " far " . if your device only gives the two states , android uses the sensor 's maximum detectable distance as the " far " state ( in this case , 9cm ) and 0 as the " near " state ( which translates to 0cm ) . source : position sensors | android developers
for tilting , from : bluestacks goes into beta , supports more apps the latest version of bluestacks also offers accelerometer support . no , you won’t have to tilt your computer to use it , just hit the arrow keys – the up arrow tilts forward , the down arrow tilts back toward you , and the left and right arrows tilt left and right ( surprise surprise ) . unfortunately for shake as of from four months back , from : need to shake the " phone " how i do this ? this functionality is not available with current version of bluestacks app player . stay tuned for future version with its fix .
touch the image and it will be viewed bigger . then hold the menu button . a menu will come up . go for Settings - Save Image to save the image and it will be saved to your photo album .
the people application itself is an htc exclusive , but merged contacts from multiple sources ( gmail , exchange , twitter , facebook , sim , carrier phonebook , etc ) is a standard android feature for 2 . x ( maybe earlier ) . by default the system tries to intelligently merge identically named contacts , but you can manually add/remove contacts from the merged identities .
that appears to be your carrier 's delivery report code . many ( but not necessarily all ) carriers implement it in some form or another , but the exact method can vary pretty widely . it is briefly mentioned on the sms wikipedia article . i do not recall exactly when the network sends the delivery report , but i am fairly positive that it would not be originating from the phone , and therefore would not count against any sms limit it may have . the device may respond to the provider when it receives the message ( though it may not since the carrier may send the report at some other point in the process ) , but the actual sms you get back should be originating from the network 's sms gateway , i believe . the phone 's os ( or sim ) may have some bearing on whether or not it " honors " the request , but i am not sure . i found a ( probably incomplete ) list of some of the various carrier codes here :
you can find special screen cleaning mixtures to use , but they are mostly just alcohol . i have been using a lens-cleaning spray on my phone for years with no adverse effects . just spray a bit on a piece of paper towel and wipe the screen down . you will want to use an alcohol based spray , as it evaporates much faster than water , and so will not short out your device .
it could most likely be a bug . i suggest you upgrade your android via kies or manually . galaxy nexus is known to have a similar software issue with volume : http://techie-buzz.com/mobile-news/galaxy-nexus-to-get-a-software-update-to-fix-the-volume-bug.html perhaps it could be the same with your s2 , especially since it is on older android version .
thanks for the suggestions ! after i posted this i started changing my search terms . macro brought up my salvation . using macrodroid i created one macro that hit the home button , another macro that killed the calendar app running in the background and another macro that started the calendar app . i set the calendar app to open to day view by default . without rooting the devices i could not just kill the application and restart it . turning off the display also did not do it . along with these 3 macros i added one to turn off the display m-f @ 7pm and one to turn it on m-f @ 6am . so for my needs the free macrodroid ( comes with 5 free macros ) worked perfectly !
require root for some reason it requires root because the global proxy setting is a secure system settings ; on nonrooted devices , only system apps ( like the settings app ) can modify secure system settings . imagine if just any app can modify your global proxy setting , you can inadvertantly be redirecting all your internet traffics to some shady server somewhere across the globe . your alternative is to set up two browsers , one that uses normal internet and another that than can have per-app proxy configuration . you can set firefox for android to use a proxy by changing the network . proxy . http and network . proxy . http_port setting from within about:config . more details : https://support.mozilla.org/en-us/questions/757976 .
download wakelock detector from the google play store , if it happens again open wakelock detector and it will show you cpu and partial wakelocks ( will only show partial wakelocks if you enable advanced mode ) , if the largest cpu wakelcok is " powermanagerservicewakelock " this means the largest wakelock is the combination of all the items listed in partial wakelcocks . i would suggest ( if it happens again ) looking for anything over 7% and doing a web search for the wakelock name , and seeing what you can find . if it does not happen again , problem solved . i would also recommend you do not kill background processes , instead install greenify ( play store ) which blocks the processes you select from starting . other than this we can not tell you the reason due to androids default battery diagnostics not being very good . it is most probably the software , if you download nova battery tester and run it , it will tell you your battery capacity , and you can then compare this to what it should be to verify it is not a hardware fault .
image shrink lite is just right for me ; there is a paid version with more options .
yes . and not just for the inbox , but inbox and sent may be the only folders synchronized by default . note : this answer was written about a now obsolete version of the gmail app , which continues to change in its user interface over time . the answer will not be updated to track that evolution , as there are multiple versions in use at any time which behave differently , and it is ultimately the idea rather than the specific steps which are important .
try using delayed lock - works with ics but you need to be rooted only if you want pattern lock . pin and password lock do not require a device to be rooted to use this app . there is a trial version which i highly recommend you try and use before making a decision . there are also available free plugins to automatically keep the device unlocked while connected to a specific wifi network / bluetooth device or at certain locations .
try twonky . instantly stream media from your phone to devices on your home network ! it can stream not only to you pc but to other dlna capable device and not only music but photo and other stuff .
your aim needs to be to get the contacts in to the google account that it is associated with the phone . once the contacts are in google , they should automatically synchronise to the phone . the first step is to create a csv from your outlook contacts : from outlook , do the following : File -&gt; Import and Export... choose Export to a file choose Comma separated values (DOS) select the Contacts folder choose a filename to export to and ok it hit next and then finish and let outlook create the file now that you have your file , you need to import the csv file in to google mail . log in to google mail in the normal way select Contacts from the left navigation bar from the top right , choose Import choose the csv that you just saved from outlook hit the Import button once that has finished uploading , your contacts should be available in google mail . they should automatically sync up to your phone within a few minutes .
rom updates from vendors/manufacturers/carriers usually evaluate checksums of at least the system partition -- which fails in case of applied modifications , such as required by rooting ( rooting needs to place at least the superuser apk on the system partition , and other root-apps may then add to it ) . i am not sure how this is handĺed by htc for devices " unlocked " via their " service " -- but in all cases i experienced , ota-updates failed due to the crc check . " un-rooting " will probably not help much : the system partition remains " tainted " . the only thing i know which should definitely help is flashing the original rom locally . as for me , i ended up using cyanogenmod on my devices , which runs quite smoothly ( htc buzz as well as motorola droid 2 ) . if you either have to flash ( the original stock rom ) , you might want to give cm a try . a good backup with titanium backup should take care for your data and make migration easier .
tested on mac osx snow leopard and mountain lion : with your device unplugged go to settings-> developer options disable usb debugging ; go to settings , in wireless and network section , go to " more"-> usb utilities tap on " connect storage to pc " . plug in your device to your mac and the tap on " turn on usb storage " and ok . you should see your device just like an usb pen .
if the phone is new and in the box , then it has probably never been turned on . you can tell because the first time you turn it on ( after fully charging the battery ) , it will go through the initial setup process , inviting you to enter or create a google account , and showing some pop-up tips about adding shortcuts to the home screen . if it is second-hand , then the shop or the previous owner should have factory-reset it already , but you can tell in the same way . if you turn it on and get the initial setup process right away , then you are already starting from a fresh state . if you just get the home screen , with no setup screen inviting you to enter or create a google account , then you need to factory-reset from the device settings .
after flashing a new firmware it is advised to perform a factory reset ( all your data will be lost , so take a backup . ) while the phone is off : press the volume up , home and power buttons together till it vibrates . now it has entered RECOVERY MODE . navigating using the volume buttons highlight the option wipe data/factory reset and press the home button to select and confirm it on the next screen . finally select reboot system now to restart the phone
you can download the documentation of ice cream sandwich ( android 4.0 ) by the sdk manager . sdk manager--> android 4.0.3 ( api15 ) --> documentation for android sdk it will download all the documentation in &lt;android-sdk&gt;\docs of your pc .
there are two versions of the tablet , one with mobile network and one without . make sure you have the right firmware installed so that you get the right options .
well i found this to delete ( uninstall ) superuser : use root explorer and delete superuser . apk from the /system/app folder ( 1 ) . go to the android market and download and install super user . use root explorer again and delete su from /system/bin ( 2 ) . go to the market and uninstall super user . notes : ( 1 ) i use root app delete , but the idea is the same . ( 2 ) i try to delete but it is unsuccessful : ) i solve finally using this guide : http://www.androidrootz.com/2012/08/how-to-unroot-any-android-device.html resume : install es file explorer , install supersu start supersu in es file explorer start root explorer delete /system/bin/su delete /system/xbin/su uninstall supersu
the problem seemed be caused by winamp not playing wma format files , even though it is meant to support them . have converted them to mp3 and they now appear in winamp and can be played .
search and download unlocker or screen lock bypass app from internet ( which are no longer available in play store ) . push it to the system from recovery ( with update . zip ) . start the system .
yes , the home button ( and possibly the volume buttons ) turn on the screen . found a fix on : http://www.droidforums.net/forum/drod2169-x/132091-ocd-stop-home-button-waking-screen-save-battery.html have not tested yet , but it is mentioned in several places . not sure if it works on an unrooted phone . gingerbread open /system/usr/keylayout/sholes-keypad . kl remove " wake_dropped " and/or " wake " after any entries for : home menu search back volume up volume down froyo open /system/usr/keylayout/cdma_shadow-keypad . kl remove " wake_dropped " and/or " wake " after any entries for : home menu search back volume up volume down
you should not have to re-install anything . i do not recall any app having an issue from an os upgrade , except those that needed changes to work with 2.2 . since you are getting 2.2 so long after its initial launch i would expect all of those issues to already have been worked out .
it does not store creation time because unix filesystems ( generally speaking ) simply do not store this anywhere , and android does not seem to be any different . this stack overflow question has some discussion about this fact ( you can ignore the fact that it is talking about python - the answers are still relevant ) , and the man page for stat describes what times are typically stored in the data structure . as for the last accessed times . . . well it does keep track . try ls -l in any directory you have proper permissions for : if you have busybox you can also use the stat command for more detailed info . it also lets you use some additional ls flags like -u , -c and -t ( see man ls if you are not familiar with it ) . here 's a sample from stat:
select version > = 4.0 and it will support the camera .
you have to edit your Framework-Res.apk . its a bit complicated and differenct on every phone . so i can not simply provide a guide . but i suggest you , to ask in your phone forum on xda-developers .
for that/those particular piece ( s ) of malware , the answer is probably yes . a factory reset cannot always undo rooting , but that is normally due to the more " invasive " methods used for a few hard-to-root devices , and not a simple common exploit like the ones probably used in these rogue apps . a factory reset should also wipe out installed apps ( including the malicious ones ) or , if they are stored on the sd card or something , at least reduce them to uninstalled apps just sitting there -- and they can not do anything unless the user reinstalls them . factory resets may leave the /system partition intact , however , and any malware could theoretically have replaced system binaries with malicious versions or something along those lines . i have not heard of malware that does this , but to be on the safe side you would want to re-flash your rom and not just do a factory reset .
for adb devices to list your device ( and other adb commands to be able to work with it ) , you need to enable usb debugging in your android device . this will start the required services ( the adb daemon ) on the android device , which is what then responds to adb commands issued from your computer . besides : if you are not going to use all the development stuff from the sdk , but simply wnat to interact with your device using adb commands , you do not need to install the entire sdk overhead . see is there a minimal installation of adb ? for details : )
it looks like i may have found the problem . the latest update from at and t ( 4.5.141 . mb860 . att . en . us ) which they pushed a few weeks ago appears to not handle a " forever " dhcp lease properly or my router does not properly handle a dhcp lease renewal when configured for " forever " . one does have to wonder why the phone was renewing a lease which had no timeout , and especially after only 150 seconds ( allowing for the 30 second network request timeout ) . coincident with the wifi dropping , the logs show the phone tearing down the wifi service and restarting it after a failed lease renewal request . because the router has always had a " forever " lease time , my money is on the update introducing a bug in the phone . from my phone log ( note there is a large time between the request and the renewal only because the log captures only a couple of minutes , so i had to capture a number of small log fragments before i tumbled to the dhcp connection ) : since changing my router to use a two week dhcp lease , the phone has had a stable wifi connection for an hour and a half , which is considerably longer than i have seen since i started monitoring this condition . assuming there are no further problems , i will accept this in a couple of days , indicating that the problem is indeed resolved . ( btw , the log collector i used is " log collector " by xtralogic inc , and " wifi analyzer " is by farproc ) . update : 2012-03-29 am : the root cause seems to be an inability to renew a dhcp lease - changing the lease time to 30 minutes caused the connection to drop precisely 30 minutes after connecting the phone to the router . update : 2012-03-29 pm : that there is a general problem renewing dhcp leases is born out by testing all day with a short lease time ; every ( or very nearly every ) attempt at renewing the lease fails , and then disconnects and reconnects the wifi service . now knowing precisely what the problem is and what to search for , it may be that this is a long-standing problem with the android wifi service , present since 2.2 and still a problem even in 4.0 .
it is impossible to boot directly into cwm recovery by key combination . however one can boot into " download mode " ( as described in question ) and then ( re ) flash recovery with odin , this will automatically reboot phone to cwm recovery
which keyboard app are you using ? it does not break normally on sd card . i have used stock and swiftkey both on sd card . never cause any problem to me .
to add the current page as a bookmark , in the browser : menu-> bookmarks-> add bookmark then you can long click the bookmark and select ' add shortcut to home ' which will add an icon for the bookmark on the desktop . alternatively , long click on the desktop , then select add item-> shortcut-> bookmark
adb sideload does not transfer the file to the sdcard permanently . to sideload correctly , you need to pick that option from the recovery first and then when the phone is waiting for the sideload type , adb sideload &lt;PACKAGE&gt;  if you want to push the file to the phone 's sdcard , you could try , adb push &lt;PACKAGE&gt; /sdcard/  that should copy the file over to the sdcard . keep in mind that there is no progress bar . edit : try the following to restart the adb server , adb kill-server  then , adb start-server  then check if the instructions work again .
what you are referring to are called htc scenes ( hero scenes link ) . off the top of my head i do not know of anything like that and only htc devices have the htc scenes . i just did a quick search of the market and did not come up with anything so my initial guess is : no , there is nothing like that currently . you would either need a sense-based custom rom ( not sure if there are any for the droid x ) or an htc device .
google earth is definitely available , i can see it in my market right now , however it needs android 2.1 as a minimum to work , so if your phone is running an older version of the os , then you will not be able to see it as the market hides apps that it knows definitely will not work on your phone . see the note at the bottom of this page , where it says that it requires 2.1 http://www.google.com/mobile/earth/
i think you had require root for this sort of functionality . if you have ics and later on your device , you can check the data usage and identify apps . go to settings > data usage . a list of apps and the data that they have consumed should be displayed there . that will allow you to see which apps have accessed the mobile data connection . screenshots here - http://www.tech-recipes.com/rx/22583/android-ics-control-limit-data-usage/
first , htc is not . . . employing a filter or enhancement to make the photos look better . . . . second , this is the color settings of the screens . if you transfer a photo taken from a sony device camera to a samsung mobile device , you will see a huge difference . that difference is that you can not see the vividness and cleanliness ( i.e. . the beauty ) you saw in the photo of the samsung phone . explanation : the mobile phones has a ppi or dpi more than 300 whereas the computer monitors have around 150 - 200 . since you are seeing the pictures in a lesser pixel density while you are viewing them in your pc , you may fell that they do not look nearly as good . if you want the beauty you saw in your phone , use photoshop or any other photo editing app to increase the colors a little and adjust brightness and/or contrast or curves . our fellow se members of photography stack exchange will be glad to help you .
if your device is not yet rooted , an alternative to alex 's suggestion of titanium backup ( which i would second otherwise ) would be to use adb backup ( creating a backup file for each app separately is important here , as adb restore just works per backup file , not per app ) , or one of its frontends . there is also the possibility to do that directly on the device , using e.g. helium backup . please also take a look at the backup tag-wiki for more information .
i am working from memory here as i am now running ics on my phone so i may be a bit off here . if you go into your phonebook settings , you should be able to stop it showing your gmail contacts . now , to get them into gmail contacts just do the following . go to your phonebook , this will now just be showing you the contacts stored on your phone . you should be able to export this as a vcf file . copy this file to your computer . now just log into your gmail account , go to contacts and then import the vcf from there . then delete all the phone contacts and re-sync your phone to gmail . you may still have to do a bit of merging if you have part of a contact saved in gmail and saved in the phone memory but this will take most of the hassle out of getting them into gmail .
had the same problem . solved it by clearing defaults in my gallery application .
closest thing i have been able to find is : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.burningthumb.premiervideokioskhl=en video kiosk display a folder of videos , continuously and robustly in a loop . video kiosk was designed with android tv sticks in mind ( tested on mk808 and mk812 ) but also works with any android device that you want to use to display a continuous series of looping videos . video kiosk can used to run the big screen at a gym , shop , or anywhere where you need to run an unattended display , so you can be sure it will work simply and easily . the only thing other people need to know how to do is turn the tv on and off - video kiosk takes care of the rest . simply put your video files in a folder , launch video kiosk and pick the folder that contains the video . optionally enable the launch at startup option so that when the device is ( re ) started , video kiosk automatically launches and starts playing video .
do not confuse the app-cache with the dalvik cache : app cleaner refers to the app-cache ( e . g . cached files from the internet , aka " webcache " , or from other components of the app ) , while the dalvik cache is .dex files are placed on app installation ( they are an optimized version of the app code ) . so basically you compare apples with oranges . as for your problem : e.g. titanium backup offers to cleanup the dalvik cache . there might be other apps available providing this feature ( e . g . systemcleanup ) , but in all cases this requires root -- unless you want to do a factory reset , which completely cleans the dalvik cache , amongst others .
an sd card class basically the minimum sequential write speed that the sd card supports . testing the class of an sd is quite easy , just copy a 1 gb file to an empty card and measure the time it took for the copy . a class 6 sd card should support at minimum 6mb/s . also check out the markings on the sd card , there should a logo like the following : the number in the logo describes the speed class .
a microsd nfc reader has been certified for commercial use ( visa certifies devicefidelity’s in2pay nfc microsd ) . we used a nexus s to read , display , and share a video from an rfid sticker the internet of experiences : consumer-based advertising using the nexus s . xtremesignpost consumer-based advertising .
no , it will not update google maps . you will have to update that manually or through google play . however , after you download and install the ota update , you may receive a google map update notification . just make sure you do not set your google play apps to auto-update , so you can close / ignore those notifications . source : comments on cnet .
i found an app called panic alert button which does exactly what i was looking for .
until android 4.2 there is no stock countdown timer , with android 4.2 there will be one . some alternative interfaces like touchwiz ( samsung devices ) have added a countdown timer for a long time , but stock android ( aosp ) had this first in 4.2 .
do you definitely have a sim in your device ? if you do not , then you cannot disable airplane mode . also , is the item in the power options menu and the wireless and networks settings menu disabled ? if so , it is likely a sim error .
download the zip to your computer , boot up the phone in normal mode ( just press the power on button when turned off - no bootloader , fastboot or anything like that ) and connect it to the computer via usb . the phone memory that opens up on your computer is where you should put it . it really does not matter the exact location , as long you can access it later in the twrp recovery ( the download directory mentioned in the guide is also there ) . then you can proceed with step 10 ( or step 15 if you have already installed the twrp recovery ) .
please feel free to use a folder structure which suits you . it is better if you create a seperate folder for pictures , inside media folder or on the primary folder itself . ( where the folders such as dcim and media are located . ) as your title asks , there are no hard and fast methods to transfer data to your phone . standard file transfer safety measures apply . about keeping seperate folders , do not use too many folders which might result in slowing down the phone . no matter where you put the images , the album app finds them . ( just make sure that you do not copy them in to folders that you do not know of ) have fun with android .
there is an app for this called secure deletion for android , which can be used to overwrite the data . another way to obfuscate the data would be to encrypt the device before using factory reset . this encrypts all your data , and after the device is reset , it will be very unlikely that the data can be recovered .
go into the people or contacts app . at the top of the list is a heading me with a special item to set up my profile . click that item and it takes you to the " new contact " screen . on this screen , to the right of the " name " field , there is a little grey " contact icon " box . if you click that you can replace the photo with a picture from the gallery or by taking a photo .
forgot i still had this thread open . it looks like i was suffering from a rather well known " feature " of android 4.4 ( i avoided it because running 4.2 , but i guess it applying to this version as well ) . after rooting i just had to go through this procedure to manually edit : /system/etc/permissions/platform . xml and reboot and now its working . yay .
not aware , but a quick check in the playstore shows there are several bicycle apps supporting " ant+ sensors " for speed and other things . take e.g. a look at ipbike ant+™ bike computer , ant+ bike display demo , ipbikekey , and others . starting point : ant+ playstore search : ) please note that , as ifor pointed out in his comment , that this requires special support from the android device 's hardware . details can be found e.g. at the ipbike page .
this sounds like an issue with summer time vs daylight savings time ? most parts of the world are still running on summer time right now , which is generally +1 hour to your actual time zone . as well as checking your phone 's time zone , check to see if you have the correct settings for summer time/daylight savings set .
as you are using a galaxy s2 which has samsung 's touchwiz interface layered over the android os , some of your questions are specific to touchwiz , so i will answer them that way too , in a way that may not be helpful to people with a different interface : yes , there are a number of lockscreens built in , if you go into settings -> location and security , then you should see a section labelled screen unlock settings selecting set screen lock gives you some options . this is touchwiz specific . on the home screen press the applications icon to get to the apps list , then press the menu button and select edit . you should now be able to drag any icon off the " home row " , and drag any other icon on ( to maximum of four apps ) . there are a couple of other questions on this site about setting up quick dials ( like this one ) etc . but it sounds like you could do what you want by creating a starred contacts folder on your home screen . firstly go through your contacts and " star " any contacts that you had regard as favourites , then find an empty space on your home screen , long-press there , sleect folders from the menu that pops up and then select starred contacts . do not really use folders myself , so i will leave that to someone else . that was the first annoyance i noticed when i got my first android phone a few years ago , i use the sms popup app for that , could not use an android for messaging without it . never even tried doing that , but when you are in their text message conversation you can press menu then more then call .
dbm = ( 2 × asu ) - 113 asu in the range of 0-31 and 99 ( for not known or not detectable ) .
no more unwanted unlock screen . something might have been wrong with the firmware .
1 ) go to phone app 2 ) tap overflow menu ( triple verticle dots ) > settings 3 ) tap quick responses
after the latest update , the samsung messaging app provides an option to disable google talk messages . exactly what i was looking for .
you could use manual intent shortcuts . it offers to add a custom launcher widget that sends intents defined by you . to launch the voicesearch settings window , do the following : add a new " manual intents shortcut " widget to your home screen enter a name action = " android . intent . action . main " component package = " com . google . android . voicesearch " component class ( fqdn ) = " com . google . android . voicesearch . voicesearchpreferences " leave all other fields empty , uncheck " broadcast " you now have a shortcut to the settings window you want . ps : i used apktool to inspect the androidmanifest . xml in voicesearch . apk ( system app , you need root to access it ) which lists this activity .
yes and yes . http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=8035 i have not seen any resolution to this except changing the router 's ssid if you have access to it .
i do not think gingerbread has a built in gmail widget but take a look on the google play store . i found an example : " gmail inbox widget " that is compatible with gingerbread and there may be others . you could set up gmail in the default mail app and use it is widget but that sounds like a horrible work around to me . aqua mail - email app says it is compatible with 2.1 and up . i think this would be the same as using the default mail client on your phone ( setting up gmail in the app and using it as an email client ) but it does have an email widget . email widget looks like it will do what you want but it is not free . check to make sure it is compatible with your version of gmail before buying .
go into the gmail app . from the overflow menu ( the three dots in the corner ) , choose settings . in the settings window , choose the gmail account you are using . ( if you have more than one account , do the following for each in turn . ) notifications is the third option down . turning it off will disable mail notifications . in general , you should look for a notification setting inside the app first , and use the settings app 's show notifications option as a last resort for apps that will not behave . if you disable notifications within an app , it can save battery power by not creating the notification at all , and possibly by turning off some background syncing in that app . if you use android 's override , the app still fetches all the data and creates the notification , which wastes battery power when android throws the notification away . as a footnote , i guess that the reason you can not find gmail in the apps list is that you are looking in the list of downloaded apps . that list does not show apps that came with the phone . swipe right twice from that list to see the list of all apps , which includes gmail . you can also get to the app info quickly by long-pressing a notification from that app and clicking app info .
it does not matter where you put them . a convenient place usually is the ( internal or external ) sd card , where you simply could create a Photos folder , and extract your photos to . the gallery app simply checks the devices media database , it does not check the directories directly . this database gets fed by the so-called media scanner , which gets triggered by different system events , such as immediately after a completed boot , or whenever the sd card gets mounted . this is why you do not see the extracted images immediately . see my answer here for how to trigger it " on demand " ( hint : for kitkat , try the sd scanner app ) .
note that my other answer is more of a workaround ( but also something recommended by many even without problems ) that is almost guranteed to fix the problem . this is a direct fix which will most likely work , but i can not say that with absolute certainty as i can not recreate the situation myself . after some googling , i have noticed that your icon ( as you point out already ) is off-center and missing its text label . rather than the icon itself being stuck , it looks like what you are seeing is a stuck graphical artifact . this has happened to a few other users on other forums , and rebooting the device seems to be a fix for them . whether this works for you or not , i am posting it as an answer for the sake of future internet travelers who stumble upon this question .
i believe it closes the popup alert but leaves the message marked unread , whereas the close button ( the X ) will mark it as read and close the popup . edit : this seems to be supported by this comment from their website .
i found windows 7 bluetooth lacking so i bought a third party package and have no problem using windows 7 bluetooth with my android devices . the package was by blue soleil
as the " what is new " section says it is been updated for jelly bean , this looks promising : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.stericson.permissionshl=en i have never tried it , but assuming you are rooted , this guy 's apps are usually good .
i found this page on google 's support site which states the following about restoring your phone 's settings during the initial setup : " important : if you want to restore your settings , you must do that now during setup . you can’t restore data after setup is complete . " based on this , i am guessing there is no way to restore my account data at this point , short of doing a factory reset on the phone and starting over ( undesirable at this point ) . i would love to be wrong though .
the little arrow with the - means that you have status bar notifications disabled , which is why you are no longer seeing them . if you pull down the notification shade and then swipe the buttons to the right ( i believe it is to the right anyway , check both directions ) there should be a toggle to re-enable them :
google has released google calendar as separate app officially on google play .
looks like you are not the only one with this problem . a simple reboot seems to be working for most people , with some having to do a factory reset . if you have to do that , do not forget to use an app such as titanium backup to back up your apps first .
" how do i know if i have busybox ? " open terminal emulator and type " busybox " . if it gives you a giant list of command options , it is installed . if it says " command not found " , it is not . edit rather than putting this in the comments : you could also try su to become root followed by busybox , busybox --version , busybox --help or anything that will give you some feedback and some clues as to what is going on .
i had the same problem , tried cleaning cache and data with no result . so i went in settings > applications > manage apps > all , picked the download manager and " uninstalled the updates " . it told me the app would reset to factory settings , and when i started the phone again , it was running marketplace 3.4.4 and i managed to update and install apps normally after that . disclaimer : i only tried that because i planed to do a factory reset if i broke everything . i do not guarantee the results .
the root method in the link is not compatible with android 4.0.4 . before you root - be sure you know what you are doing . to root the lucid 4g on 4.0.4 you can try the following method : http://theunlockr.com/2013/06/16/how-to-root-the-lg-lucid-4g-bin4ry-method/ but choose " xperia root by cubeundcube " instead of " normal mode "
it seems that ics does not have native support for wma files . you can use an app like mx player ( or its pro version ) to play wma files .
no . it comes with a couple small booklets ( see this androidspin post for example images ) but not the full user guide . ( also see this howardforums post answering your question ) .
the samsung n5110 is the galaxy note 8 . the " espresso10wifi " is a galaxy tab 2 10.1 ( your device ) . it is not flashing because you are flashing the wrong file for your device .
this was fixed somehow after switching back to cyanogenmod 7.1 . sorry i do not know exactly what caused it , but for anyone with the problem , i would suggest flashing a more stable rom ( if you are rooted ) .
got it fixed :d with thanks to izzy and chahk i did a lot of things so i am not sure if i write down every step i took , but i hope it will help other users someday . this is what i did . restore manger install a restore manager ( twrp/clockworkmod ) . i used twrp which i installed by using windroid universal htc toolkit : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2499926 ( if you still have a working rom , backup this now by booting in recovery mode ) flash rom check in cmd if your device is recognized with " adb devices " . if not try " adb kill-server " followed by " adb usb " . check again with " adb devices " . if recognized use " adb push cm-10.2.1-enrc2b . zip /sdcard/" ( or your own rom-name . zip ) flash kernel now you should flash your kernel , not like how i did it at the beginning . " fastboot flash boot boot . img " in cmd . ( check first if your device is visible with " fastboot devices " . extra tip install playstore with gapps or manually by moving " gmscore . apk + googleloginservice . apk " + " googleservicesframework . apk " to /system/app/ and run a playstore . apk ( in my case " com . android . vending-4.6.16 . apk" )
after some experimentation : the evo on sprint can playback youtube over wifi . the problem is likely some domain being blocked by the hosting wifi network which is necessary for the youtube app .
an android phone with dlna should be able to both send and receive . my galaxy s uses an app called allshare to manage it , and there are others like 2player in the market . i am sure you could stream to your stereo .
i do not really know what caused this problem . i had to unlock the bootloader and sideload with adb . this involved completely wiping my tablet . here are instructions . now my tablet updates just fine .
you can download this app from the google play store , called soft buttons light . it really works , even on htc chacha .
i have found this thread on xda to very helpful . the entire forum for the transformer on xda has a lot of information .
ok , so it turns out that you need a different boot . img file for the motorola xoom wifi only model than for the 3g model . click here for instructions if you have a 3g model click here for instructions if you have the wifi only model ( including how to fix it if you have already tried using the wrong boot . img and you are being stared at by a non-responsive boot screen that has the moto logo and the words ' dual core technology' )
you might want to take a look at sd maid . this app requires root for full functionality . this " cleaning made " takes care for multiple remains : a " corpse finder " checks for what an uninstalled app might have left , the " system cleaner " scans the devices known directories with unnecessary files . you can check for the biggest files on your device to free up space , and even optimize and shrink bloated databases to speed up access and free space . the app includes a file manager , and also allows you to search for files . sd maid corpse finder and system cleaner ( source : google play ; click images for larger variant ) edit : for more details and discussion , you might want to visit the app 's thread at xda : )
the play store app has two main features regarding nfc , both of which require the nfc permission . it registers intent filters such that when you scan an nfc tag with a market:// link or a link to play.google.com , you get the play store app instead of a browser , the same way you would when you click such a link . this does not require calling the getNfcAdapter function , but it does use the same permission . it uses android beam . if you look at an app 's page in the play store app , then bring another android device to nfc range , you can send that app link to the other device .
looks like a damaged lcd that is slowly " leaking out . " overheating could definitely be the culprit , as could the drop . although damage from the drop is usually accompanied with a visible crack . most likely it was the combination of the two . the fact that the phone booted up and is ( sort-of ) functional leads me to believe that replacing the lcd assembly would fix it . there are plenty of replacements to be had on ebay for up to usd$100 . i would go for the ldc+digitizer combination , even though the glass itself looks intact . there are simply too many issues with properly separating lcd from the glass that could cause you to break both and spend even more money . it is definitely doable on your own , provided you have some basic tools . there are videos on youtube with great walkthoughs to help you along the way : probably most detailed ( even though it is not on gt-i9100 , but on other modification of sgs2 ) ; some others specifically on gt-i9100 . a guide at ifixit can be also helpful .
there is no official way to install a " pure android " rom : the only official rom is that provided by the manufacturer . as sameer says in the comments , you can disable bloatware apps from the settings , with almost the same effect as uninstalling them . if you want to start from a clean slate , you should look for an aosp-based custom ( unofficial ) rom . although they are not always as reliable as the manufacturer 's rom , because they are made by third-party volunteers , for the more popular devices with better manufacturer support they can be very reliable and even better tuned than the original rom . start your search at where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ?
i think this is more than enough . flashing your rom again should be more than sufficient . this not only allows fresh installations of any old apps to prevent spyware , but also dormant any other app data from existing apps to be largely overwritten or deemed as corpses . you can also perform a cleanup using sd maid just to be sure .
overview this is caused by the results screen . quizup will download each match question as a screenshot instead of rendering it on the client 's side . not only does this result in a lot of additional mobile data usage but it also takes up a lot of space on your device because all screenshots are cached . unfortunately there does not seem to be any limit to this caching and there is no way to turn it off from the app itself . fortunately there are two workarounds . workaround 1: clearing the screenshots cache manually navigate to /sdcard/Android/data/com.quizup.core/ on your file explorer of choice and delete the screenshots folder . this will only affect the screenshots cache . as oposed to clearing the app data from the apps menu all user data , e.g. your account and settings , will be preserved . workaround 2: disabling screenshot storage navigate to /sdcard/Android/data/com.quizup.core/ with your favorite file manager . delete the screenshots folder . then proceed to create a new empty file called screenshots . from now on no screenshots will be saved locally . they might still be retrieved and continue to cause high mobile data usage , though . the downside to this method : the match questions section on the result page will stop working . sources http://www.reddit.com/r/quizup/comments/2059bb/data_usage/
root access or superuser is an apk that resides in /system/app . if you remove it with the rest of the apps , you lose root . as a possible workaround , you can try to run : &gt; adb root &gt; adb shell  and see if the shell that adb opens is $ ( normal user ) or # ( root ) . if you are logged as a normal user , i am afraid you will need to reinstall root in your phone . also , /system/app is like C:\Windows or /bin ( in linux ) , if you remove the files there , do not expect the device to run , as it will not have the necessary files to do so .
you are in stock recovery , not cwm recovery . cwm recovery does not verify signatures . you either failed to install the recovery properly , or you need to hit " install packages " or similar from the stock recovery in order to get into cwm .
there is no tool with this feature . but it is possible to crop the picture in the gallery .
i will recommend dialer one . i am 99% sure it can show contacts without pictures . it has lots of customization options , t9 search in contacts in slew of different languages . i have 900+ contacts and is really fast , i hope it works that way for 2000 contacts . be sure to fiddle with the options after giving it a try .
if you signed up for 2-step verification , you may need to enter an application-specific password in place of your regular account password . you can generate an application-specific password when you are authorizing access to your google account . this process takes a few minutes , and you only need to do it once per application or device . note : for android devices running 4.0 or higher , you do not need an application-specific password and only need to submit your username and password . you will be directed to another page where you can enter a one-time six-digit code . to check if 2-step verification is on or off , visit https://www.google.com/settings/ .
it is because there is a threshold beyond which it starts deleting old messages . go into messaging , hit the menu button and go to settings . the first option is Delete old messages ( checked by default ) , and the next is Text message limit ( set to 200 by default ) . so you have just hit that threshold and it is deleting your old messages .
this xda forums thread sounds like what you are looking for . note that the apk has only been tested on froyo by the author . personally i use battery indicator pro , it can also tell you how much time is left on the battery for various usage scenarios .
you probably need to root it to gain access to the protected "/system " file system . xda developer 's has a ( probably ) outdated thread how to do it here . after you suceeded , you can take the usual steps to mod it ( remount /system read-write , copy your edited file over , etc . )
accounts and data are not removed if you switch the sim . for obvious reasons : travelling abroad when you do not want to roam , or getting a new phone/data plan from a different carrier , etc . you could guess how mad people would get if their device got wiped by a sim switch . you are not safe , unless you also have set up a screen lock ( or full device encryption ) . all common smartphones act similar here ( windows phone/ios/android ) : if the sim is locked with a pin , it must be re-unlocked each boot if it is present if the device has a screen lock , it must be unlocked each boot and if you switch on the screen i.e. , a sim lock is only bound to your specific sim and it only prevents misuse of your number and phone/data plan , not the device and its data stored within . as soon as the sim is replaced or removed , one does not need the sim-pin to to access the phone . only a screen lock pin ( or password , unlock gesture or full device encryption ) will do .
do you need to do if from your phone ? because if not , you can just use the gmail desktop interface to do this , i do this quite often and it is fairly easy : go to your contacts ( click Gmail in the upper left corner ) select the contacts you want to export put them in a new group you can call Tmp or something random then click on that group and find the Export menu item in one of the menus ( i think More actions ) export to google csv if the receiver will import them through gmail as well , otherwise you can consider vcard format . the file will download automatically . compose a new mail and put the newly created file as attachment . ( if you used google csv , the contacts can be imported using the same contacts interface just by clicking Import in one of the menus )
as a last ditch effort , you could try this : use titanium backup to backup all your apps + data . reset the phone to factory defaults . restore all apps and data except for activesync . this will definitely fix your issues . question is , " is it worth the effort ? "
i have one found so far paid solution , but there is a 30 day trial to check it out . http://www.rerware.com/android/ ; android app mybackup ; you can backup data and apps , both online and on sd
this is possible using adb shell : $ telnet localhost 5554 Android Console: type 'help' for a list of commands OK geo fix -82.411629 28.054553 OK  please read : stackexchange-url
sim contacts are not synced , neither are " phone " contacts . if you had used google contact , they would have been synced with your google/gmail account -- but then you would not have noticed their loss , as they would have been synced back to your new device . had you saved them as sim contacts , they had also be on your new device . which leaves us with the other non-synced variant : " phone contacts " . those are stored on device internal storage ( to be more precise : in a database file located in /data/data/com.google.android.providers.contacts/databases ) , which is not directly accessible by normal users , so you could not have simply copied it . conclusion : as these data are not stored in " my files " , you have not copied them . and as you have factory-reset the original device , you cannot simply restore them from there . so apart from a quite expensive forensics recovery ( done by a data recovery specialist ) from your old device , there is no way to recover those contacts , sorry .
the pro version of titanium backup supports batch restore without user interaction . it is worth it .
there is no way to get at this activity other than through a settings shortcut . the code for it can be found here on github , and if you search the repository for the NotificationStation class you will find all the entry points for it : in this case , only the shortcut intent filter in the manifest . if you examine the code you will also see there is no way to remove old notifications from the list : as you can see in the screenshot , the greyed-out notifications are those you have dismissed from the ' normal ' notification tray . however , this class is mainly intended as a demo . android 4.3 adds support for any application ( with the appropriate permission ) to access and display the list of notifications . for example , a third-party launcher might want to show them , an app might want to show all notifications in a pop-up window ios-style , a live wallpaper or daydream could respond to them graphically , or a utility might analyse your phone use from the notifications ( something like tasker could trigger actions based on notifications appearing or being dismissed ) . because this is a new feature , and 4.3 is not on many devices yet , it'll be a while before third-party developers invest the time needed to offer these features , but you will not have to wait long .
you can not disable the pop-up alone , but there are some other options:- you can disable the spell-checker completely . if your keyboard already provides all the spell-check functionality you need , then this might be a good option for you . in language and input in the device settings , untick spell checker . this will disable the pop-up and the red underlining for misspelled words . you can change the language of the spell-checker . from language and input in the device settings , click the settings icon next to spell checker , then the globe icon on the next screen . you can only have one language at a time in the default spell-checker , so this might not be helpful . you can install a replacement spell-checker . android allows other apps to provide the spell-check functionality in place of the built-in spell-checker . a different spell-checker might allow you to have more than one language enabled . once you have installed the spell-checker , enable it from the same screen described in the above alternative . in case some visitors are confused about the diffrence between the keyboard and the spell-checker , see this screenshot , from the android developers ' site : the red underlining , and the vertical menu of suggested corrections , are both provided by the spell-checker . most soft-keyboards also include a list of suggested word completions , which are usually in a horizontal line above the keyboard . here you can see ":" and " ; " , and the rest are hidden by the spell-checker 's pop-up .
answering question #2 only , since i do not own the reader . according to this post on the source thread , the original firmware can remain intact if you simply use a different microsd card to load android on : you can dual-boot by having two separate microsdcards , one for each system , and swap them . you will have to open the back of your glo each time though . see the first 10 photos at http://www.mobileread.com/forums/showpost.php?p=2462848postcount=2
you can use tpacketcapture to route your traffic through a local vpn . the app will then write a log which you can open with wireshark on your desktop and analyze data flow . it will not allow you to see which app sent which packet , but this is as good as it gets without root . although there is a pro version available which allows you to filter out applications .
try directly this if link is originated from an app for android to handle : market://details?id=&lt;package_name&gt; notice : there is no domain and host .
root your phone and use titanum backup app .
gps logger suits all your needs ( 2 is an option you can turn on )
if you have developed and android app , then you must have gone through http://developer.android.com . where the basics are taught about the android . lets see how , there are generally three tabs , but we will talk about the last one distribute . in that section it is clearly taught how google gets an app in trending portion . http://developer.android.com/distribute/googleplay/about/visibility.html its the link ! the main factors are : ratings , downloads and great apps that users are providing a great feedback with are mainly on the top of the trending apps , but there are two type of trending app sections , free and paid ! so make sure you are viewing the section that is mainly for you ! that is all what google would use . 1 . feedback 2 . ratings 3 . downloads 4 . content .
you might want to check on android.com, which contains the list of apps included with each version : 1.1 1.5 ( cupcake ) 1.6 ( donut ) 2.0 ( eclair ) 2.1 ( eclair ) unfortunately , they stopped that listing after eclair ( 2.1 ) . and of course each " rom cook " might have added other apps ( and bloatware ) to the list . . .
i figured this was not currently possible so i just created a widget that activated whatever profile i want active when tasker is open then disable the said profile if i go back to the home app .
about phone -> system updates .
according to this , you need an external app and you need to root the phone . some other solutions shared in a google code issue thread . update : using gesture search , i entered " proxy " and got to the proxy settings on my droid . do not know how to get there otherwise , and do not know if it actually works , but there you go . ( someone else mentioned it in that google thread . )
droid2bootstrap . apk was able to root it
install the avd and sdk manager - i am assuming you use c:\android_sdk edit c:\android_sdk\usb_driver\android_winusb . inf find the section [ google . ntx86 ] and add the following : <code> ; techpad %singleadbinterface% = usb_install , usb\vid_18d1 and pid_0002 %compositeadbinterface% = usb_install , usb\vid_18d1 and pid_0002 and mi_01 </code> find the section [ google . ntamd64 ] and add the following : edit . android\adb_usb . ini and add the following :  0x18D1  note : this corresponds to the device id up top plug device in - you should have an unknown device in the device manager . update the driver on it and manual select the location of c:\android_sdk\usb_driver . it should install the driver and show up as an adb device . run adb kill-server then adb devices remember to turn on usb debugging from the application settings as well
cyanogenmod 7.1 has exactly this feature , but without faking data , only failing , if the app accesses the api . proposition for faking the imei was rejected . faking other data , like contacts , is currently under discussion .
using nothing but your android options will not do the job straight forward , you need to install an app to do your folders , there are two applications ( amongst others of course ) ; one called app mate , or appmanager-organize your apps , both are available at the market , and both will require sometime at first to cache your apps and stuff . i am caching my handset right now , and will get back to here with what is what . [ update ] app mate is no use for you , on the other hand appmanager is way much better , it can even sort your folder applications according to frequency of use but unfortunately the folders it creates on your home-screen is cropped in a strange way , i guess that will be easy for the developer to fix .
the app only changes the settings , so it does not matter which gps code the rom has . all the custom roms i know of use gps code from samsung anyways . one note : this will fix very few people 's problems . the factory settings cause most of the problems , so restoring will probably hurt more than help . it is possible that the new 2.2 releases will fix some issues , however , and in that case it is probably better to use whatever settings samsung tested with the new gps code , i.e. the settings gpsrestore uses .
ironically the android 4.2.2 update i had been waiting many months for turned finally turned up the day after i posted my question . since i updated i have not seen the problem occur again so i am hoping it fixed it . on the other hand it might just be a coincidence so i will have to see how it goes .
go to settings -> call settings -> additional settings and find call waiting option ( its may be in different address in android 2.3 ) . enable call waiting it if is not already . if it was already enabled , but you never here beeps or receive notifications when another call happens , i think you should check with or consult your operator .
download and install the google calendar from the market . source .
if you do not want to be shackled to itunes for downloading/syncing the actual episodes , you can right-click the podcast in itunes , and select copy podcast url . it will copy the url to the podcast feed to your clipboard . use this url on your android device to subscribe to the podcast there .
the playstore app usually uses /data/local to temporarily store .apk files while downloading , then installs them from there , and finally removes the temporary download-file ( which then went to /data/app ) . the /data/local directory should be readable by all processes ( so no root needed to list its contents ) , as it is used as a kind of " temporary directory " for a lot of things ( you might think of it as a " misnamed " /tmp directory ) . this directory should be " cleaned up " on reboot 1 , so your issue might rather be a broken .apk in /data/app . a new install should solve this anyway . i further recommend using appmonster pro -- yes , the pro version : on each install/update it grabs the .apk file of the installed/updated app and stores away a copy . so in cases like this , you could simply grab a previous version and install it over . just for completeness : there seem to be more such " temporary directories " on android devices . investigating a dump from a stock 2.2 motorola milestone 2 , i e.g. also found /data/download . different devices might use other directories additionally . but that should not affect your playstore question . 1 i can only base this on one of my devices ( motorola milestone 2 , stock android 2.2 ) , where i extracted a nandroid backup stored on my pc . there the init.rc file ( which is called during the boot process ) a.o. contains the following : easy to see : the /data/local directory is created during the boot , which suggests it being empty at this point . same is valid btw . for /data/download
first , wimax and 4g are completely separate . wimax already has real-world implementation , whereas 4g does not ; 4g is still in development . second , 3g lte is also completely separate from 4g . lte also has real-world implementation . a 3g lte phone can only operate at 4g speeds if it has hardware capable of it . the manufacturer will undoubtedly advertise this , so it should not be hard to find out . i know of no current phones that can do true 4g , which makes sense given that 4g does not really exist yet . the same applies for " regular " 3g phones working at lte speeds . the samsung vibrant , for example , works on t-mobile 's " fake 4g " network with slightly improved speeds , but does not take full advantage of it . the vibrant 4g , however , does take full advantage of the higher speeds . currently , cell providers in the us and elsewhere are referring to various 3g technologies including lte , hspa+ , etc . as "4g " when they are not actually 4g . examples of 4g networks in development are lte advanced ( based on 3g lte ) and wirelessman-advanced ( based on wimax ) . speed requirements for 4g service set the peak download speed at 100 mbit/s for high mobility communication ( such as from trains and cars ) and 1 gbit/s for low mobility communication ( such as pedestrians and stationary users ) . 3g lte and wimax do not meet these speed requirements . the wikipedia page on 4g is quite informative .
there may be a way to send the modifier keys through the terminal app , however i have never used that app so i can not say . on terminal emulator you can long press the screen and send the control key from the pop up menu . also you could install hackers keyboard which includes a full desktop keyboard including control and alt keys .
try clearing the cache and/or clearing app data .
to import a vcf : copy the vcf to your phone , then contacts > import/export to view hidden contacts : contacts > more > display options , you have the option of displaying " only contacts with phones " and under " choose contacts to display " you can choose to view or hide contacts based on their source . perhaps your contacts are hidden because they are stored in your phone , but you do not check " phone " under " choose contacts to display " disclaimer : i use froyo ( 2.2 ) so the menu name might be different .
this thread over at xda seems to be a pretty good start on this kind of resource . edit : i just noticed that the op in that thread admitted that most of the codes listed would not work in 2.2 . bummer . edit 2: found another one . no indication of whether these codes have been tested and if so what device/rom was used .
if it works like other " hot boot " apps and functions , then it basically restarts the android gui processes/threads . there was an xda news post a while back after someone made an app for it where the app author described it as such : hot reboot by rebooting only the graphical android shell . from what i know it is sort of equivalent to restarting your x server in a linux environment ( like hitting ctrl + alt + backspace , for example ) . i would definitely doubt that you had cause any damage by restarting your graphical environment , especially considering other oses do this pretty easily , but i suppose there is an outside chance if miui implements it strangely . typically the reason people use a " hot boot " option is if the ui has somehow gotten sluggish and would benefit from a restart but they want to save time by not restarting the whole system ( maybe a memory leak in the ui or something of that sort ) . it could also be useful if you need to restart the ui to apply some sort of change , like a theme perhaps .
is there something wrong with cyanogenmod ? what you want is the stock version of android samsung put on the phone , there is no revert as it was deleted when you put cyanogen . as you dont seem to have a copy i would go to samsung support site or you will have to trust another source on the net and download it there . this would be another great community resource for your phone http://forum.xda-developers.com/forumdisplay.php?f=1156
you can use a logcat viewer , such as logcat reader ( i have found that one works well ) , and just scroll back through the logs until the time in question . a less precise solution would be to go to settings > about phone > battery use and that will tell you what has been using most of your battery .
i got it to work now . the problem was that calendar sync appearently was not supported by funambol android client v9.0.1 ( which is not the latest version , whatever their download page says ) the most recent version v10.0.3 has a bug that prevents a calendar from being created if none exists on android v2.3 and above . you can either wait for the next snapshot or patch it yourself : in the funambol android client sources in file src/com/funambol/android/source/pim/calendar/calendarmanager . java find the line ( 280 ) : if (Integer.parseInt(Build.VERSION.SDK) == 8 ) {  and replace it with if (Integer.parseInt(Build.VERSION.SDK) &gt;= 8 ) {  and compile .
i have found solution . i.e. i found how to organize stable internet through my phone using 3g . it could be done by lg pc suite , tools-> " internet connection using your phone " . it works without needing to switch anything in phone . but i still wondering why simple usb tethering does not work .
as much as i personally like swype , slideit or swiftkey ( or thumbkeyboard on my tab ) , no vk can ever come even close to replacing a real hardware keyboard . accuracy issues because of screen issues ( lack of true multitouch ) , poor prediction software ( especially on slower phones ) always make me spend more time correcting what i thought i typed than actually typing . unfortunately swapping the phone is usually not an option for most people . i did some googling i found a mini bluetooth keyboard with case that could potentially work for you .
after starring a place in google maps android , you can open google bookmarks webapps to display your bookmarks . sort by date to show your latest bookmark and clicking on the Edit button allows you to edit that place bookmark title . the new title would display in My Places on google maps android . not an ideal solution , but a workaround involving additional webapps . references : android forum - google maps - label starred locations ? - 9 april 2010 - provides three workarounds : #9 add suffix " ( title ) " to address in google maps webapps before starring ( not editing on android ) ; #11 use google bookmarks to edit title ( solution i chose above ) ; #14 add to contacts and edit contacts names ( will search each time use the address in contacts ) . google mobile android forum - why can not i edit the name of a " starred " place on google maps ? - 1 june 2011 - mentioned bookmark and contacts solutions above , also registering an address as a business place , then can edit the title .
short answer : yes , it is for all google maps links . the long answer is that android 's intent mechanism ( which is the way android decides what app to start ) can use different parts of the url to match the app . the app can register itself with android to handle : a particular uri scheme , such as market:// a particular domain , such as youtube.com paths within the domain matching a particular filter , such as /users/* apps can also filter on other things not relevant to clicking a link , such as different actions ( e . g . share ) or different mime types . one app can have more than one filter , and one filter can match any combination of the above things . for example , a youtube app might have one filter that matches when all these conditions are met : the scheme is http:// or https:// the domain is youtube.com the path matches watch?v=* and another that matches when all these conditions are met : the scheme is http:// or https:// the domain is youtu.be ( the domain for short urls ) in this case , there are two different defaults to set : the first time you click a link http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DJRFaR71HfY it will set the default for that kind of link . then , if you later click a http://youtu.be/DJRFaR71HfY , it'll ask a second time , because that counts as a different kind of link . in the case of google maps , there are several different kinds of link it can handle ( as well as other intent filters not relevant to links ) :- geo://* latitude://* http://maps.google.tld/ or https://maps.google.tld/ ( with nothing after the / ) , for every tld that google has (google.com, google . fr , etc . ) http://maps.google.tld/maps* or https://maps.google.tld/maps* http://mapy.google.pl/ or https://mapy.google.pl/ ( "mapy " being polish for " maps" ) http://mapy.google.pl/maps* or https://mapy.googl.pl/maps* http://local.google.com/ or https://local.google.com/ http://local.google.com/maps* or https://local.google.com/maps* http://m.google.com/latitude or https://m.google.com/latitude http://www.google.com/latitude or https://www.google.com/latitude http://m.google.com/u/m/* or https://m.google.com/u/m/* each one of those lines counts as a different kind of link , so android will ask again . in addition , all but the first of those have two separate entries : one for opening or browsing a link in the usual way , and another for scanning an nfc tag ( or receiving by android beam ) a matching link . again , those two things count as different links for the purposes of setting defaults . to get this information from the google maps app , i used the app packageexplorer . the information it gives you takes some knowledge to interpret : you may find the android intent api guide for developers useful .
are you trying to access the market from a home screen shortcut or from the app drawer ? updates can sometimes break shortcuts so try to open it from the app drawer . another thing you can try is to reset market data from Settings -> Applications -> Manage applications -> All -> Market -> Clear data and Clear cache .
the latest update of the nook color software version 1.4.1 allows you to change the default pdf reader . after the upgrade open a pdf and then a pop up box will appear allowing you to choose which application you want as the default pdf reader .
it is possible to send emails to sms inboxes . but you can not send a sms to an email inbox given you do not have an internet connection . you must already know that emails require internet connectivity . as you asked , sms gateways can be used to send and receive smses provided you are subscribed to a sms line via a Direct-to-mobile or a Direct-to SMS gateway . simply put , you cannot use this functionality with your normal sim card , if you are willing to do it in an offline method . read more about sms gateways in wikipedia . on a side note , if you can go online ( say mobile data ) , you can do this by way of a mms . all you have to do is to send the mms to the desired email address . some of the gateway addresses for email to sms are listed below . alltel : phonenumber@message . alltel . com at and t : phonenumber@txt . att .nett-mobile : phonenumber@tmomail .netvirgin mobile : phonenumber@vmobl . com sprint : phonenumber@messaging . sprintpcs . com verizon : phonenumber@vtext . com nextel : phonenumber@messaging . nextel . com us cellular : phonenumber@mms . uscc .netkeep in mind that most of the networks tend to block and/or alter their gateways once the traffic is considerably high , as this method is widely used by spammers .
the problem was , that i had the m7att version of cwm installed . must have misclicked when downloading . updated cwm to the generic m7 version and rom flashing works again .
as using swap is a system-wide thing ( even on linux/unix , you need to be root in order to activate/deactivate swap ) , this cannot be done without having root access to your device . if your device is rooted , however , there are several apps available to help you manage swap space . you might want to take a look at e.g. swapper 2 ( for root users ) ( free ) or roehsoft ram-expander ( swap ) ( paid , and not really cheap ) . both seem to have quite good reputation . of course there are several other solutions available as well .
you can try greenify it freezes the app when you are not explicitly using it . there is an experimental feature to make it work without root but i did not try it since my phone is rooted . there is also disable service that can disable single services . it requires root access .
i have never used it but i remember reading about key ring rewards cards . try that and see what you think . edit : i also tried searching the market for " loyalty cards " and came up with this list of apps . i was going to specifically name some but as i have not tried them i thought it best that i just give you the list . seems there are quite a few that will help you manage your cards
i ended up coding a lot on it . it works quite well . i use igo stowaway bluetooth keyboard ( it fits in a pocket ) . i map esc to jk or jj . i also bring a charger just in case . the small font size does not bother me as much . i just move my head closer to the screen . also alt-tab works for switching application . it is useful because you need to use a stackoverflow for coding :- )
a new version of the app came out today ( 2.2.0.233662 ) with " numerous bug fixes " mentioned in the " what is new " text . this apparently is one of the fixes . everything is back to normal now .
i work on the linux 11.10 , i solved the problem by researching on various blogs . i particularly found this link very helpful . actually the vendor id in "/etc/udev/rules . d/51-android . rules " was wrong . as i could not find the spice in the android 's developer site . executing command lsusb gave me the correct vendor id . . . . now my /etc/udev/rules . d/51-android . rules file looks like:- subsystem=="usb " , attr{idvendor}=="2006" , mode="0666" group="plugdev " now after restarting adb services . . . i.e. su $ adb kill-server $ adb start-server $ adb devices  the output is :- List of devices attached 0123456789ABCDEF device  now when i launch application from eclipse ide it automatically identifies the device . . . .
in android notification settings can be configured on a per-app basis . most apps give you control over sound and vibration settings . these can be overridden with the global " ring mode " setting located under menu -> system -> sound . changing the gmail notifications will not impact hangouts , facebook , or other apps . furthermore , in gmail app you can have different notification settings for each account ( and even per each synced label within each account ) : in gmail , tap on the menu button , go to settings , and tap on your google account . tap on " inbox sound and vibrate " option . set the sound and vibration preferences to your liking , and exit the settings page .
this nexus one user manual seems to be basically the same document as you linked , but specific to that phone and android 2.1 . since the nexus one was a " pure " android experience , the vast majority of the document should cover what you are looking for . ( that link seems dead , but this link from the internet archive wayback machine seems to be working . )
did you try " volume up + menu button + power button " ? that should get you to recovery mode and you should have an option there to factory reset your phone .
i eventually just stopped using the app . not worth my headache . thanks for the help .
keepscreen can let you choose some applications and select a specific screen timeout for each of them . so you could just set the clock application with the " no timeout " option .
yes , connecting to a peap-mschapv2 network with 1.6 is not possible due to a lack in the network manager . after an upgrade to 2.1 or 2.2 it is possible . alternatively you might want to root the device and enter your login credentials in your wpa_supplicant.conf file manually .
this how-to meticulously explains how to flash a rom taken from the google play edition of the one . to summarize : backup your data root your one download the rom boot into twrp , wipe the old rom and install the new one
you could try an app like wallswitch , which can be set to change your wallpaper every time you unlock the device or on a timer . i do not know that there is a way to tell it to pull from " the gallery " in general , but you can just specify that you want to pull from the folders your gallery images are in ( works out effectively the same ) .
no , it is not normal . the following might seem obvious if you are familiar with android , but it is worth a check . android has separate volume levels for media ( such as music ) , notifications , and in-call . it also has a separate volume level for when you are using headphones , to avoid deafening yourself by plugging in headphones when the volume is high . it could be that the " in-call without headphones " volume is very low , and the other volumes are normal . try turning up the volume ( with the physical volume keys ) while you are in a call ( with no headphones plugged in ) , and see if that solves the problem . if not , it sounds like a hardware problem with the speaker that goes next to your ear . there is a separate speaker for when it is on speakerphone , or for music or videos . in that case , a warranty claim would be the appropriate course of action , especially if this is a new phone and it has always had this problem .
unfortunately , the nfc technology in mobile devices is ever-so-slightly different from rfid tech , making most cards unreadable . i was trying for the longest time to read hid cards on my phone , but i could never make it work . some cards are readable , depending on the frequency in which they operate . i can not remember off the top of my head what those are , however . this app on play will read all the cards that your nfc chip technologically is compatible with : nfc tag info according to the developer , that app can read mifare classic cards .
thin styluses are usually for resistive screens , they do not work with droid x 's capacitive screen . the difference between capacitive and resistive touchscreens
whenever android needs more ram , it will kill anything in the " background " the htc sense is background if you are playing a video game or any other app . so when android sees that it needs ram , sense with it is fairly large memory footprint is a prime candidate . think nothing of it . if it crashed you would get a " force close " . some launchers do tricks to force them to not be killed by android but that has a negative effect on ram availability for foreground apps .
assisted gps is a system which can improve the startup performance of a gps satellite-based positioning system . wikipedia has your best answer .
google has an android compatibility definition document ( cdd ) ( see http://source.android.com/compatibility/overview.html ) that specifies the minimum ( and suggested guidelines ) for what a device must physically support to be allowed to use the android branding ( and to get the google market and google 's android apps ) . the latest ccd in section 7.3 lists the minimum requirements of the sensors . the temperature sensor ( section 7.3.7 ) is actually listed as something that android devices should not include . there are not specs for this sensor 's sensitivity .
the majority of web based email providers have a limit of 10mb for the size of the attachment of every message sent . since an email message will often pass through several mail transfer agents to reach the recipient , some or probably all of them impose size limits due to the storage capabilities they have to deal with . this is due to the fact that every message needs to be stored before getting forward . applications tend to follow this type of ruling . although nowadays users tend to use an email like if it was an ftp , thus " forcing " application developers to suppress such limits but given no guaranties that the message will in fact get to its destination . to resume , you can safely send files up to 10mb between any email providers without the fear of message not being delivered . my advice to you is the usage of free online services that allow you the transfer or backup of large amount of data between locations : no payment and no registration : wetransfer ( ~2gb for each transfer ) no payment , just registration : ( for the free package ) dropbox google drive skydrive yousendit dropsend
according tho this post , that feature was removed as of version 5.10 of google maps app because it was never properly working .
i found an option in the Launcher Settings of holo launcher which allows choosing the default launcher . setting it to the correct one ( holo/default ) takes care of the issue .
the combination of encryption , pin lock , and having adb turned off should protect your data pretty well . it could still be compromised if someone finds a security flaw that can be exploited through the network or the mtp usb connection , but that risk exists in any case . however , with your bootloader unlocked , someone could take your phone , flash a malicious rom that contains keystroke loggers or something , and then return the phone to you and wait for you to type your pin or decryption password . it would be better to keep the bootloader locked whenever you do not actually need to flash things via fastboot . you can use bootunlocker to lock and unlock the bootloader from within the running android system . unlike fastboot oem unlock , this does not wipe your data when you unlock .
it does not update only when it is visible . because all widgets are drawn by the host ( i.e. . the home screen or lock screen ) , there is no way for the widget provider to tell whether the widget is visible or not . it would be possible for the service that keeps changing the widget to find out when the screen is turned off . in recent android versions , you could verify that using the battery screen in settings . add the widget to your home screen , then ( while the phone/tablet is not plugged in ) leave the screen turned off for some time . turn it back on , and see if your task manager app is listed on the battery screen . regardless of the result , your task manager app is probably doing more harm than good . android is not like windows : it is designed to keep as much memory in use as it can , and only frees memory when it has to . see do i really need to install a task manager ? for more info .
ok , this answer does not get to the root cause or the " why it happened " but the issue is now resolved . it may help others if their purchased applications are suddenly not available on google play for installation on a new device . i received an notification to update my android firmware and reboot . i followed the instructions , went into google play and my purchased items were now available . i can not explain why , they just were .
cyanogenmod roms are multilingual and you can select the language the first time your phone boots or in System settings--&gt;Language &amp; input--&gt;Language ( ics 4.0.4 ) at any time . i can say it supports all languages in the world from the far east to south america including right to left languages like farsi .
if you are looking to buy a cable that you can use to attach a usb keyboard to that connector , then everywhere i have seen calls it something like a " 30-pin samsung socket " , and the cables are called something like " 30-pin to usb otg adapter cable " or " usb otg adapter cable for samsung galaxy tab 2 " , eg examples on amazon . com , or on ebay . com . samsung themselves either seem to avoid naming the port when they are selling their official adapters and cables that plug into it , or just call it a "30 pin": " galaxy tab adapters " or " galaxy tab™ data cable ( charging ) usb to 30 pin "
you could try elixir 2 . it lets you add different kinds of toggle widgets , including mute widgets .
is it swiftkey ? swiftkey brings the future of text entry to smartphones . it uses touchtype’s breakthrough fluency™ technology to predict the next word you want to type , before you even press a key . [ . . . ] swiftkey doesn’t just predict regular words – it learns as you type and remembers how you write . as words and sentences are chosen over time , its fluency™ engine creates a dynamic understanding of your writing style to boost the accuracy , fluency and speed of prediction .
first of all , it always a good thing to have usb debugging on . it can help you check your phone and even recover it if something is wrong . when your phone is on a boot loop and will not start correctly , you can use adb to check where might be the problem . connect your phone via the usb cable to a pc with adb and then type the following : adb logcat  power your phone and you should see , as your phone starts the boot secuence , a lot of information in the adb window . that is the current log of your phone boot secuence ( like the one you can see in linux for example ) . if the phone ends in a boot loop , you should be able to see what is trying to do and then try to fix it .
i found a solution in this answer in the xda forum . to generalize and hopefully be of use to others , the key point seems to be that even if you think you have the right rom for the right device , it might be that your particular model has very slight differences . in my case , if i understand correctly , i was using roms built for the gt-i9100 model of the samsung galaxy s2 . however , the device issued in japan , the sc-02c , has some very slight differences . so , i needed to get be more particular about which software i downloaded .
your understanding is correct . gprs &lt ; edge &lt ; 3g &lt ; hspa . hspa = hsdpa ( high speed downlink packet access + hsupa ( high speed uplink packet access ) the difference between the three lies in the bands i.e. frequencies they use to communicate with the network . edge uses the same frequency as the phone uses to transfer voice and sms to the network . hence , you may notice ( atleast i have ) , that the e symbol will disappear when you are on a call - assuming that you have selected Use only 2G networks to answer the last part of your question , i usually keep my networks on 3G/WCDMA when i know i am going to be near a charging point . i can go nuts with my data then . however , when i am travelling , and network coverage can be sparse , i force the phone to use GSM only which in your case is Use only 2G networks . this saves a lot of battery , simply because its more battery intensive for the phone to communicate over the 3g radio , rather than the 2g . edge can be pretty decent , if you just need to be online on gtalk , watsapp , and need to reply to some lightweight emails . it does the job . 3g or hspa , is necessary for more intensive applications like dropbox , youtube , or one of those streaming music services that i can not remember at the moment .
i use atorrent , which has the possibility of selecting which files to download . just change to the file tab and use the checkboxes .
no . this completely disables all data access . only calls/messages can be used . edit : you might try looking into something called juicedefender . the free version will disable your data access when your screen turns off . good for both battery saving and data-usage saving !
that was for y210d . you need to flash it stock again and root it with a y210 insecure boot image . you can get the stock rom here .
it does not look like there is an alternative to sms activation just yet . here 's what they say on the prey blog ( emphasis mine ) : prey for android works the same way as it does in portables and desktops . the only difference is that there’s no standalone mode ( yet ) , and the activation is not done via the control panel , but by sending an sms to your phone with any message you want . as this is currently meant for phones , if you have no data plan on a device , it cannot recieve an sms and therefore cannot activate prey remotely . the good news is that it seems like standalone mode is being introduced in newer versions post v0.51 , and only on android 2.2 and above ( no issue in the case of you xoom )
this comment helped me , though i also had to create a udev rule stackexchange-url the udev rule is given below , please note that kumar is my username on my box .
while it amounts to recommending major surgery for a small problem , cyanogenmod has customizable lock-screen controls . ( my wife 's g1 is configured to unlock when she pushes the menu button . ) of course this requires rooting , modding , and hardware buttons . . . but it is a solution .
i am thinking a factory reset could do the trick for you . make sure do backup your things with something like titanium backup .
the issue here is that the uninstall process was not registered at google play store . without the uninstall process registered , google play store still reports the app as installed on the device that is associated with your google account . to overcome this , you need to manually trigger the uninstall from the google play store , within the " my android apps " list : step by step i have a couple of apps that i have uninstalled from my device and the uninstall process was not registered at google play store . i will use one as a guide : access " my android apps " list , search for the desired app and click the recycle bin icon to trigger the uninstall : after confirming , the app will get marked as " removed": now you can access the application at google play store , and install it like you mentioned that you prefer to do :
chances are you are using a stock launcher ( maybe samsung 's touchwiz ) that leaves empty spaces when you uninstall an app . if you are using samsung galaxy s4 ( using stock launcher ) , you can go to the apps screen , and click on left menu key &gt; View type &gt; Alphabetical grid . if you are not on an s4 , see if you can find something similar to this . if you do not have the Alphabetical grid option , you can install a 3rd party launcher like nova . nova can sort your app drawer alphabetically .
the changelog droid app will start building a history of app changes from the date it is installed .
i finally settled with unified remote . it does not provide a real service but can be run without displaying a window as a task bar program . it provides all special key combinations needed and also has a working automatic server detection . and i even have not tried all the supplied program remotes !
the thunderbolt has dlna , so if your tv supports dlna you can use that . on my samsung phone , you use the allshare app for dlna , but i think the thunderbolt has another app built in . page 275 of the user manual describes how to use dlna . this droidforums thread has a discussion of ways to use dlna without a compliant tv , i am not sure how well other ways will work . there is also a " multimedia dock " that is supposed to be released shortly , it is " out of stock " until then . that should provide a cable-based way of video output .
try using an alternative to the stock sms app like handcent sms . a cautionary note - turn off the auto delete option ( the option to auto delete messages older than x days ) . an additional note - since your sms store seems quite precious to you , i would also recommend sms backup and restore . it can backup your sms at scheduled intervals and also email / upload them to dropbox if need be .
you will be unable to do this without a rooted device , as the /data directory can only be read by the android system , and apps can also read their own /data/data/&lt;package name&gt; directory only . android devices do not come with sudo , and you need to be rooted to use su as it switches to the root shell ( on unrooted rom 's , su can not switch to the root user , as the kernel denies it ) . if you do find a way to root the device , ( which may be difficult ) , you can mount the /data partition as rw , then you can copy files from it . use these command to remount the /data patition : su mount -o remount,rw /data the su command can only be executed on a rooted device . edit : just for clarification , the sms backup and restore app uses an api call to get the sms messages via the messaging app , hence the need for the READ_SMS permission . edit2: most rooting methods do not wipe the device data , however some do . you would have to google for a way to root your droid 2 however , and see if it wipes the data .
smartphones and tablets have an obvious problem with events like mouseover : when there’s no mouse cursor , there’s no way to mouse over controls . some techniques may be applied as a work around , but it is hard to have them working decently . testing : with minimal success do not know what browser are you using , but with my phone : agent : mozilla/5.0 ( linux ; u ; android 2.3.3 ; en-us ; u8510 build/huaweiu8510 ) applewebkit/533.1 ( khtml , like gecko ) version/4.0 mobile safari/533.1 if i long press the menu that contains a sub-menu presented with mouseover , it opens after about 3 seconds ( even though , every two out of three , the click for the main menu gets triggered ) . ps : the website used to test it was developed by me , so i know for sure that there is no support for mobile phones being used .
a factory reset usually does not touch " external storage " ( may sound confusing , but that includes the " internal sdcard " as well ) – unless it explicitly specifies so ( some devices/roms have a corresponding checkbox in the system menu , usually settings → backup and reset , where this might be specified to be included ) . what a factory reset usually does is , basically , to wipe /cache ( where the application cache should be ) and /data ( where the userdata reside , including the apps the user installed ) . which means : nothing is wrong here , it is " working as designed " . if you want the sdcard to be wiped , you will have to do so yourself . you can e.g. use a file manager app , or connect your device to a computer . or simply use a terminal app ( or adb shell ) , and invoke rm -rf /storage/sdcard0/* to have all files removed from there . see also : factory-reset tag-wiki
i do not think there is much you can do beyond trying other wifi tether apps . you could also try using cyanogenmod ( for the gsm version of the hero , or the cdma version ) .
thanks for all answers , but my case was a very unusual case . i tried everything but it did not work . i reinstalled windows . it works now .
can you check with the gps turned off for a while ? i have heard reports of heating and restarts most of which refer to multiple things being active increasing current demands from the dock . here are a few references , n1 heat issue while charging + gps ? at the nexusoneforum nexus one is overheating in car dock , becoming unresponsive ( google android forum ) here is a quote from the second link , have use car dock overheat problem before , but i solved the problem now ! the car dock 12v to 5v adaptor it can provide max . 2a current maximum , the phone voltage is 3.7v , when you use this adaptor direct connect to the phone car dock , the phone begin charging , the charging current supplied by car adaptor , if you at same time your phone operating like navigation ( gps , data ) or video streaming and just not the screen off , this time the phone 's power provided by car adaptor through the phone itself , therefore the current = charging current + operatin current provided by car adaptor . this probelm very easy to solve , you just need to buy usb car adaptor from car accessories shop , the usb car adaptor maximum supply current not more than 1a or less , and then buy a micro usb cable connnect to the car dock body , the overheat problem have been solved .
are you sure you have the google-experience launcher ? the one that comeswith the nexus 5 and has integrated google now on the leftmost screen ? it does not come with the nexus 7 update , it is nexus 5 exclusive . you can sideload it , but since you mention " five homescreens " you do not have it . you have the stock launcher . if you are using the nexus 7 ' stock ' launcher you cannot remove or add homescreens . you could install nova launcher or another third party launcher . you can easily add and remove screens on these , through pinch out and drag screen to the ' trash can ' or ' x ' icon . specific to g.e. l : you simply remove all the shortcuts from the rightmost screen and it will automatically remove the screen itself . the reverse is true also , drag an icon out of the app drawer over the edge of the rightmost screen and a new one will be created . side loading gel : phandroid ' how to ' with links to the apk files you can easily sideload gel and you will only have one homescreen by default , and integrated google now . this should work on any android 4.0+ device . i have tested on 4.2.2 and 4.3 and 4.4 on galaxy s4 , nexus 4 and htc one .
did not find a reason for the error , but ended up doing a factory reset and since then everything has been fine . i had to reinstall my apps , but my google data came back .
resetting the phone to factory settings ( Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Privacy -&gt; Factory data reset ) and wiping the microsd card ( after backing up its contents ) should be all that is needed . factory reset dis-associates the phone from your google account , removes any custom apps ( installed on internal memory ) with their data , and clears all the caches . [ edit ] p.s. there is a good chance that the manufacturer ( samsung in your case ) or whoever you are sending your phone to for repairs might send you a different handset . depending on their service terms , they may simply ship you a brand new nexus s , or even a refurb . so jumping through hoops to leave your installed apps intact might be a waste of time .
the htc one x version will not work on the htc one x+ , so if you want to install cyanogenmod , it'll have to be the unofficial build you link to .
as per this comment , the place for bug reports seems to be via the about -> send feedback link within the gmail app - this links to this survey page : http://www.google.com/m/survey/mail_ca
android 4 . x supports contact groups . this is the only way i have found till now .
this is an official representative of viber media . the source of this issue could greatly vary . please read this short page in our helpdesk , quoted below outlining some possible workarounds that will help reboot synchronization of the contact list : android : contact list is not showing your friends as viber users ? make sure you are using the latest version of viber . you can download the latest version from http://www.viber.com/ make sure that you are looking at the viber contact list , not your device 's contact list . in order for your contacts to see you as a viber user and be able to call you through viber , your phone number , which is saved on their address book , must be the exact same number that you used to register to viber and vice- versa . try tapping on the ' more ' tab at the bottom of the viber app , then select " settings " and the add a check mark [ √ ] to " show all contacts " once you installed viber , if you do not see someone in your contact list whom you know to have viber , it might be that the list is not updated ( this may be due to an unstable connection during setup , or just a slight delay ) . to update your contact list , re-sync it by re-initiating viber or by manually updating your contacts list . you do not need to uninstall and reinstall viber . shut viber down ( so that it no longer runs in the background ) or turn the phone off , and then re-open it . if this does not work , try the following steps : send the user an invite and if the number is a registered viber user , it will automatically update the viber contact list . enter into your viber contact list , then select the device 's menu button , and tap on " update contacts " . then just click your device ' home ' button . viber will run in the background . in about 30 min . to an hour , check again by clicking on the viber icon . confirm that you have an active internet connection . dial a number manually , using the viber keypad delete the contact with the missing viber badge from your contact list . add it again and make sure to include the country code . the phone number format should include the plus sign , country code , cell code and phone number . the standard format is : + ( country code ) - ( cell code ) - ( phone number ) for example : +1-555-555-5555 for more questions or technical support , please visit our official helpdesk . from the faq : try tapping on the " more " tab at the bottom of the viber app , then select " settings " and the add a check mark [ √ ] to " show all contacts " .
you have multiple choices on how to accomplish this : using a headset if you have got a 1-button-headset connected , you can facilitate that button . there are multiple apps on the playstore providing enhanced possibilities to this -- just search for " headset-control . having a philips headset , i use philips headset , which works pretty well ; you might have to try several of the available choices to find the one suiting you best . most of these apps offer things like : configure a media player app to be started as soon as the headset gets connected play/pause ( or accept an incoming call ) with a single press skip forward ( or reject an incoming call ) pressing twice increase volume by holding the button , decrease it by one click followed by holding it skip backward ( triple click ) actions are usually configurable . without a headset re-defining a hardware button can be achieved e.g. using tasker , which is an automation app for android ( to be more precise : it is the most complete automation app available ; costs ~ 5 euro , a 7-day-trial is available at the homepage , but it is worth every cent ) . the tasker manual states : simulate media button : when selected , any media player which listens for media button events can be controlled . without it , the only the android system media player will respond . note : the toggle pause function may not work unless playback has already been started manually . and yes : you can bind that action to . . . button : camera button : long search amongst others . you could even bind it to a " shake pattern " ( e . g . shake left-right to skip a title ) . example : condition : event &rarr ; hardware &rarr ; button : camera task : media &rarr ; media control &rarr ; cmd : toggle pause
i found the answer i was needing in this video : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7eq7z6_v_fc i was holding down the wrong side of the rocker switch when booting , ending up in " recovery " mode .
go to rom manager and flash an older version of clockwork recovery . then flash the latest version of it . does that help ? otherwise : do you get any sort of error messages ?
depends on how the copy is performed . the sd card contains a couple of hidden files/directories ( especially with app2sd being used , there is the .android_secure folder to be considered ) . usually , when on a linux workstation , a complete copy from sdcard#1 to sdcard#2 should do the job ( cp -dpR &lt;source&gt; &lt;target&gt; ) . same should apply to mac os . as i have no windows , i cannot speak for that .
i doubt that there is a direct correlation between battery consumption and ram usage . the hardware does not know which ram cells contain ' used ' data and which not . so there can be no difference in battery consumption on that level . but i think that one could say that unnecessarily killing apps causes a few extra cpu cycles when those apps have to be re-started and therefore " uses more battery " . and yes , you definitely should let go of your app-killing habit . in most cases , android is capable of managing the system 's resources quite well and you should not bother with manually killing apps . they definitely will not drain more battery if they just idle around and consume some ram . of course , if those apps are constantly using the cpu , they will drain battery ( but this is usually a sign of a bug within the app or a badly implemented app ) .
your phone is not using both wifi and 4g , but the 4g radio stays on and stays in sync with the tower ( if you move from a 4g to 3g area while still on wifi , you will see the icon change when it recognizes the tower swtich ) . on my droid bionic ( verizon ) , i have a tasker script that turns off mobile data when i am connected to work or home wifi networks ; my battery life is greatly extended with this setup , and the phone works as i expect ( i am told that mms messages require the mobile data connection , but i rarely receive them , so i can not say if that is true ; if so , it may be one reason the radio stays on by default ) .
as said in the comments the device is partitioned and you can not see all parts of the device on a non root ed device . as an example a galaxy s4 is advertised as a 16gb device , and out of the box shows 9.1 gb available . this is a common practice in android oems it would seem . ( desire x from htc 4gb , shows 1gb ) just to give you a scale of what you are dealing with from addictive tips : let’s start with a list of standard internal memory partitions on android phones and tablets . these are : note : it says " standard " partitions . different companies come out with their own partitions . a good example is the galaxy s4 , and the galaxy s4 google edition . they are absolutely identical hardware in every way . until recently ( with so called ' merged roms' ) no rom from one could be installed on the other due , mostly , to the partitioning of the two devices being totally different . /boot /system /recovery /data /cache /misc in addition , there are the sd card partitions . /sdcard /sd-ext note that only /sdcard is found in all android devices and the rest are present only in select devices . let’s now take a look at the purpose and contents of each of these partitions . /boot this is the partition that enables the phone to boot , as the name suggests . it includes the kernel and the ramdisk . without this partition , the device will simply not be able to boot . wiping this partition from recovery should only be done if absolutely required and once done , the device must not be rebooted before installing a new one , which can be done by installing a rom that includes a /boot partition . /system this partition basically contains the entire operating system , other than the kernel and the ramdisk . this includes the android user interface as well as all the system applications that come pre-installed on the device . wiping this partition will remove android from the device without rendering it unbootable , and you will still be able to put the phone into recovery or bootloader mode to install a new rom . /recovery the recovery partition can be considered as an alternative boot partition that lets you boot the device into a recovery console for performing advanced recovery and maintenance operations on it . to learn more about this partition and its contents , see the ‘about android recovery’ section of our guide to clockworkmod recovery . /data also called userdata , the data partition contains the user’s data – this is where your contacts , messages , settings and apps that you have installed go . wiping this partition essentially performs a factory reset on your device , restoring it to the way it was when you first booted it , or the way it was after the last official or custom rom installation . when you perform a wipe data/factory reset from recovery , it is this partition that you are wiping . /cache this is the partition where android stores frequently accessed data and app components . wiping the cache doesn’t effect your personal data but simply gets rid of the existing data there , which gets automatically rebuilt as you continue using the device . /misc this partition contains miscellaneous system settings in form of on/off switches . these settings may include cid ( carrier or region id ) , usb configuration and certain hardware settings etc . this is an important partition and if it is corrupt or missing , several of the device’s features will will not function normally . /sdcard this is not a partition on the internal memory of the device but rather the sd card . in terms of usage , this is your storage space to use as you see fit , to store your media , documents , roms etc . on it . wiping it is perfectly safe as long as you backup all the data you require from it , to your computer first . though several user-installed apps save their data and settings on the sd card and wiping this partition will make you lose all that data . on devices with both an internal and an external sd card – devices like the samsung galaxy s and several tablets – the /sdcard partition is always used to refer to the internal sd card . for the external sd card – if present – an alternative partition is used , which differs from device to device . in case of samsung galaxy s series devices , it is /sdcard/sd while in many other devices , it is /sdcard2 . unlike /sdcard , no system or app data whatsoever is stored automatically on this external sd card and everything present on it has been added there by the user . you can safely wipe it after backing up any data from it that you need to save . /sd-ext this is not a standard android partition , but has become popular in the custom rom scene . it is basically an additional partition on your sd card that acts as the /data partition when used with certain roms that have special features called app2sd+ or data2ext enabled . it is especially useful on devices with little internal memory allotted to the /data partition . thus , users who want to install more programs than the internal memory allows can make this partition and use it with a custom rom that supports this feature , to get additional storage for installing their apps . wiping this partition is essentially the same as wiping the /data partition – you lose your contacts , sms , market apps and settings .
you can , but a kernel mod may be required to also keep the host device charging . however , many devices are already prepared for this , and cables are being manufactured and sold to this specific end , as one can see from this ebay search , there is already several cables in the market . to your particular device , the sonic_boom user at this xda developers forum thread made a dock station to use otg cable and charging at the same time : my docking station will work with any 2012 maybe 2011 sony xperia devices with otg support . i have tested this so far on my xperia s and working perfect . dock station schematics
nexus 4 does not officially support usb otg . but rooting and modding the software can do the trick . here 's a handy guide i found !
most phones use data downloaded from the cell network to speed up the initial position fix when you turn on gps : without these data , it can take several minutes to first get the position , as the gps receiver has to download all the ephemeris data ( i.e. . the latest updates/corrections about the satellites ' orbits ) via the low-bandwidth gps connection . using the cell network to download these data only takes a few seconds , and then you can get a gps fix right away if you have good visibility . it does not actually use the internet at all , which is why it is not affected by the mobile data setting , but since it does download data over your cellular connection , some carriers choose to bill for this as mobile data . see also what is assisted gps ? on this site .
your assumption that contacts , sms and call logs are automatically saved to the sd card was incorrect . they are indeed stored on the internal memory of the device . /data/data/com.android.providers.contacts/ is the most likely storage location . that can change though , depending on android os version , manufacturer/carrier modifications , or even 3rd-party apps that you use in place of built-in contacts/phone/messaging apps . unless you synced your contacts to your google account , backed up sms and call logs , they are now lost after a factory reset .
although i know this is an old question , i have a better answer for whoever is later to find this on google . try using ink over apps , you can download it free from the google play store . i have it on my tf700 and it seems to work perfectly !
you can always try flashing the 4.3 factory image if data preservation is not a problem . grab the image from google , then follow these instructions
if you buy the galaxy s iii 32 gb you get 32 gb of internal memory , i realize that you are worried about getting perhaps 16 gb internal + 16 gb sd-card but that is absolutely not the case , and it would be pretty much false advertising and they would piss a lot of people off . i just looked up the specs and it is indeed 32 gb internal memory for the 32 gb variant . i do not know how specifically the partitions are set up since i have a galaxy nexus myself , but i would not be surprised if it is the exact same , where /sdcard is a separate partition but still on the internal memory physically . so , to answer your question : is the device storage an extension of the primary device memory , or is it treated as a separate memory area that can only be used for data storage no , the device storage is not an extension of the primary memory as far as i know , it is all internal flash memory albeit still partitioned to standard android partitions for obvious reasons , where /sdcard is one of those standard partitions even when no actual sdcard is present . so as far as i understand , you will have 32 gb of pure internal storage .
basic walkthrough for any phone : alternative 1: flash a cwm recovery for samsung , use heimdall . download for ' galaxy s2' or ' sgh-i777' , depending on what you own heimdall also supports a dump command that can be used to backup all flash beforehand command to flash : heimdall flash --recovery CWM-recovery.img enter the newly installed cwm recovery do a backup in cwm to your external sdcard ( be sure there is enough space left ) switch off and check the backup on your pc ( it is located in /clockworkmod/backup/ on the sdcard ) if you are sure your backup is ok , enter cwm again and do a full wipe reboot your phone , do the first-time-init ( google account and such ) install titanium backup + its pro key in titanium backup : extract from nandroid backup alternative 2: applicable if your fastboot mode supports the extended command ' boot ' compatible devices : google 's nexus line , htc desire with patched hboot loader and others steps : enter fastboot mode and load a recovery into ram ( without flashing ) : fastboot boot recovery.img continue with step 3 from ' alternative 1' alternative 3 ( samsung only , but broken on galaxy s i9000 ) : not tried yet , see this as an idea as for now . you are on your own with errors on extraction and restore heimdall implements a ' dump ' and command and a means to print the partition table ( pit ) : heimdall dump --chip-type NAND --chip-id 0 --output nanddump.out.img heimdall print-pit or heimdall download-pit --output nand.out.pit you may then cut the nand dump into pieces ( one for each partition ) and name them accordingly . if successfull , you can then access your data and continue at alternative 1 , step 8 or 4
well the hardware needs to be properly aligned , so that where it senses your touch matches up with what you see yourself touching . there are also general algorithms the system applies to make decisions about where the center of your touch is , since your finger is not a perfect point , and so on . finally , and app needs to decide what to do with a touch . when an app uses simple widgets like buttons it is fairly simple to map the touch position to a widget . in the browser , however , it is much more difficult . determining the position of a control rendered dynamically via html ( and javascript etc . ) is a fairly complex task . you will find that most touch browsers , even on other platforms , have varying levels of difficulty with touch accuracy . so it depends on both hardware and software , but the variance you are seeing between apps is probably all due to the apps .
i fixed it by creating the sd-ext partition as another primary partition . works fine now . i hope this helps somebody .
why is the internal storage no longer visible in thunar ? how can i restore it to its original state ? i do not know how to adapt these instructions to my model of mid first of all you need to get adb working ( android debug bridge if you want to learn more ) . specific information regarding this is available at adb for android developers ( archos internet tablet ) as linked in the answer you provided . when you have adb ready , you should be able to run adb shell . this will give you the ability to give commands to adb and we can start accessing the device . i am quoting the answer you linked here : if the connection is ok , it will start a server and after e few seconds show the '$' prompt . this means you are connected to the tablet and have direct access to the linux shell . if you type ' ls ' you will see a list of folders that contain the operating system and all supporting files that make your tablet work . now navigate to the folder containing the flash file system by typing : cd ./dev/block/vold  if you now type ' ls ' again you should see three or four folders that have numbered names . one of them is '31:8' . this is the folder that points to the internal flash . now we can fix our problem by recreating the ms-dos ( fat32 ) file system on this partition . type the following : mkdosfs -F 32 /dev/block/vold/31:8/  this will fix the fat32 filesystem . now leave the shell by typing ' exit ' , disconnect the usb and restart your tablet . on my system this made internal storage re-appear , and after that it also mounted the sd-card . problem solved . please follow these steps and report if it works or not , please supply any error messages and i will try to help you further to the best of my abilities . is that normal that “internal flash storage” is reported as “0” ? will this give me any problems ? this is likely just due to the fact that the internal storage is not detected by the device . it does not necessarily mean that it is broken or lost forever . i would also like to add as a final point that messing with the partitions on the internal storage is usually a very bad idea . do not do it unless you know exactly what you are doing and why . you should always assume that messing with partitions can lead to data loss .
ability to restore deleted entries really varies from each calendar . assuming you made your entries to google calendar and did not sync it to the cloud , then no it is not possible to restore it .
yes . i agree with everything that bryan has said but want to add . . . you can use an app like phone usage that helps you monitor your network traffic . the pro version ( $2.35 ) also allows you to set data limits that will send you a notification if you go over . so you could set it to 125 mb and you had know when you are getting close and you can throttle down your usage . verizon has a 30 day return policy ( although i think they are changing it to 15 days ) so you can monitor your traffic and if you find that you are using waaay too much you can always cancel and go back to what ever you had before . another useful app ( if you have rooted your device ) if droidwall which lets you set which apps can access your 3g connection . this would be useful if you identify that an app that requires background sync and uses a lot of data . it would also be good if you are getting close to you 150 mb limit and want to lock down your data usage . finally , many apps let you set a wifi only rule . for example beyondpod has a setting in the apps that says " only download podcasts when on wifi " but if you really want to take control of your phone you can download tasker and set an almost unlimited set of rules for how your phone operates .
repligo reader ( $5 ) allows you to copy text and to make annotations . also , if you convert them to epubs the nook app allows you to make notes . it may let you copy text on a non-drm'd book but i do not have any of those so i am not able to test it . ( just note that while the nook lets you read pdfs the nook app currently doesnt .
if you can connect using adb ( usb debugging ) , you can simply use the command " reboot " . if you are rooted and have a terminal emulator installed , " su reboot " will do the same thing . the reboot command will also accept arguments of " recovery " or " bootloader " , which will reboot you into the recovery or bootloader respectively .
i found a solution to stream your google music to any device that is dlna enabled . it is an android app called bubbleupnp . what it does is it accesses your google music account , adds the titles to your local library ( only the titles , think of them as links to the google music library ) and then starts a dlna server on your phone . this means that any device that can access dlna servers can play this music , thus it now also has access to your google music tracks . how to do this : download the bubbleupnp app . buy the bubbleupnp license ( ~$4 ) - well worth the money ! start the app , go to library and select google music . give permission to the app and wait for the scanning process to finish . with the server started on your android device , access it from any dlna capable device ( tv , pc , smartphone , tablet , etc . ) . in the music section you should now also see your google music tracks . downside is the fact that you can not " send " a track from google music ( from your android device ) to be played on the dlna device but you have to play it from the dlna device directly . hope this helps !
after researching this in local forums , it turned out to a sim card issue . my carrier had a series of yellow sim cards that for some reason caused this problem . i had my carrier replace it , and i have been on cm ever since ( with a short break for aokp ) .
as of version 1.2.5 , tethering has been included in afwall+ , you should only need to enable ( tethering ) - dhcp+dns services
in short , yes . android apps are upward compatible as @ce4 said . but if you are going to build an app , its best to compile it on the latest version of android , ie jelly bean 4.2.1 . this question would have been better suited on stackoverflow .
it was indeed wifi channels ( as per phunehehe is comment ) - setting the router to use band 11 suddenly brought the access point back into being detectable . excellent .
ok . just now i realized how it works . if i have a contact whose name is starting with QAP ( for example ; ) . otherwise i do not think in the world any name would start like this ) , then i should type 727 and it will bring that contact on top . basically it works as if t9 is activated for the keypad and that is why it does not show names starting from Q when i press 7 twice . i hope it helps others .
there is currently no way to apply a user stylesheet with the default android browser . if you firefox is not available on your phone , you could install the apk manually , but it may not work since it is not supported . you could download the opera browser , connect it to remote debugging using the dragonfly debugger , and then manually apply the stylesheet via debugging--but there are a lot of steps to that and you would have to add the stylesheet on every page load . this may not be a solution depending on what your needs are for the user stylesheet .
in case this helps someone with the same problem , i have the solution : i had to check the Settings - Wireless and network - Mobile network - Use packet data check box . when this was done , i could send picture mms messages . maybe obvious for some . . but it sure was one setting i thought i should not need just to send an mms message .
this has nothing to do with the file being of type mp4 and everything to do with the video codec being used . if you have video files that are not playing particularly well on the tablet , you should consider looking at handbrake , a free piece of software that allows you to convert video formats . in-depth instructions are available at how to : handbrake and a500 on xda-developers . basically , you want to use the following settings in the application : load your video in handbrake picture tab - set anamorphic to loose and width to 1280 video tab - select constant quality with a value of 20 audio tab - audio codec aac ( faac ) , mixdown dolby pro logic ii , samplerate auto , bitrate 160 , drc 0.0 there are some settings that can be tweaked in the advance tab ( see the forum post i linked ) . you can then save this profile in handbrake and run this for any video files you encounter . for playback on the iconia , i use mobo player but there are others that work fine .
there are apps that disables the lock scren when you are connected to certain wifi or when your phone cell is connected to certain tower or as per your requirement , on gps . i believe , but not sure , tasker can do it with gps . but why not use the wifi address to disable unlock . i reckon it will be more useful than gps . look at http://www.addictivetips.com/mobile/automatically-disable-android-lockscreen-when-connected-to-home-wifi/ for automatically disabling locks creen on wifi . also do not forget to check llama , awesome and free location based profile management . you can do tons of stuff based on what cell tower you are connected to .
it downloads them to your sd card . i do not use google listen but i installed it and downloaded a podcast . it put it in : /sdcard/com.google.android.apps.listen/downloads  the name of the file might be something odd so you might need to rename them but that is where they are all located .
i found an app : business calendar beta ( free ) that support default reminder .
i am not 100% sure because i have never used the app myself , but knowing that it has a million features i am sure tasker could handle this . tasker
