i found dialer one which works exactly how i want : display in the contact list only the groups i want to display , with a big phone icon on the right to initiate the call .
there are two different kinds of widget in android : appwidget : a small view of an application ( e . g . weather widget ) that can be embedded inside another application ( e . g . home screen ) gui widget : buttons , textbox , etc ; any visual interface element . i believe you are talking about the former ( appwidget ) . an appwidget always belongs to an app . an app that acts as a appwidgethost ( e . g . homescreen apps ) can lend a part of its ui to be managed by the app that provides an appwidget . in short , it is a way of embedding an application inside another application . an appwidget is usually used as a " smart shortcut" ; a shortcut that provides additional logic other than just being clickable and launching an activity . typical examples of appwidget is recent email/sms/facebook/twitter/whatever-your-favorite-messaging-app widgets , astrid 's task list , calendar widget , etc . an appwidget is conceptually a gui widget , except that appwidget is a gui widget that is not provided by android 's framework , instead it is provided by some other application installed in the system .
i am not sure about vietnamese , but for example in finnish , there are some extended characters that are problematic . this is because some pages are encoded as iso-8859-15 and some are utf-8 . if autodetection in the browser fails , they will be displayed as boxes or garbage . the same thing happens if the font only supports one encoding and the page uses the other . i would recommend to check the encoding of the font and the encoding of the pages you tried , and change the font if necessary .
you mention dropbox in the comments area of another answer . merely deleting dropbox data is insufficient to cleansing its folders . you must dissassociate the device from your account or the deleted items will re-synch to the device when next possible . start dropbox . settings > unlink device from dropbox . if this was not done , or done improperly , i can understand how the recovery occurred to the phone .
please make sure that your build.prop in the /system folder is configured correctly and has the variable ro.product.device set , often time in custom roms the build . prop is not configured completely and some of these variables are necessary for certain functionality checks . you can open it up in a text editor and look for it and make sure it is set and there are no bad characters in there that might affect it being parsed properly . also check these variables and make sure they are set as well , it is good to have them : ro . product . model=xxx ro . product . brand=xxx ro . product . name=xxx ro . product . device=xxx ro . product . board=xxx ro . product . manufacturer=xxx
i have never been a fan of the froyo apps2sd , i was a huge fan of the original " apps2sd " that used an ext2/3/4 partition on your sdcard . i am not sure if any custom roms still support this . i know it is not " supported " in cyanogenmod . you will have to root to go the " apps2ext " route . but if you dont want to go that route , or can not find any roms that support it , i do not really know of any way you can really free up any additional space . if rooted , you can delete any " bloatware " that is installed on the /system . you can remove z4root after you install it . another thing to keep in mind , even if you install applications on the sdcard , they can still use the /data directory to store their data , which is located on the devices internal storage .
loudness compensation boosts the volume on the high and low ends of the frequency band . as you might expect , the higher you set it , the more it boosts . it is mostly useful for balancing out the sound on cheap headphones , which tend to have poor response at the upper and lower bounds of their range . if you are putting worthwhile sound equipment in/on/around your ears , you probably want to leave it disabled .
honeycomb was a tablet-only version of the os it was only ever released for a few devices the source code was never released not released until the source for ice cream sandwich was available , and even then the android devs noted that 3 . x source was not complete it never had much in the way of market share see also : what percentage of users use each of the android versions ? is android 3.0 honeycomb only for tablets ?
amazon app store downloads apk files to a folder that titanium backup considers external app data . you can regularly clean out this folder or choose one of the following : create a label , and add amazon appstore to it . now go into settings and under backup external app data choose . " enable for apps outside of choosen label " now pick the label that you added amazon too . inside tb 's settings under backup external app data choose " enable if it is smaller than choosen size " and enter a value that you are comfortable with .
you can close all the pages via menu -> windows before exiting the browser . if you want the last page to stay loaded and not reload , you have to make sure the browser is not killed or forced to give up memory by android . in other words , use only lightweight apps or do not use anything , and hope your system behaves :p
these suggestions might seem odd and they might not yield any results but they are worth a shot : try using the panorama and video settings in the stock camera , and i do mean actually use them . do not just switch to them and switch back to picture mode . if you are lucky changing modes , taking a panorama/video , then changing back to normal picture mode will reset whatever needs to be reset . in normal picture mode long-press the shutter button . try this twice , one time release the screen as normal and the next drag your finger away from the shutter button before releasing the screen . i am not sure if doing it these two ways will have different results , but i know that if you drag your finger away no picture will be taken .
in the google talk app when i go into Overflow menu | settings | {username}@gmail.com i see a setting for " notification ringtone " under " chat notifications " . that is what you want , no ? ( i am still on ice cream sandwich so it is conceivable that things are a little different . )
as devnul3 has said , using google for the contacts and calendar ( i was using google as an exchange account , so i did not have to do anything special ) . just set your android up with the same google account . moving smss can be done with sms migrator , which can be found in the android market . there is also the spb migration tool , which looks like it can do everything but notes .
try upgrading to android 4.4.2 . settings -> general -> about device -> software update -> update . : )
samsung phones that are running touchwiz ( samsung 's fork of android ) do not support native themeing , as is the case with other manufacturers such as sony and acer . you can check if you are running touchwiz by dialing *#0*# on your dialer - if a new screen appears , you are most definitely running touchwiz . to achieve support for the theme apps you see on the play store , you need to install or flash a custom android rom , such as cyanogenmod and paranoidandroid .
i do not think you can set separate default numbers . however what you could do is set a shortcut to message that contact and leave the default number empty so it can prompt you when you call . to set a message shortcut : long press on the home-screen , select " shortcut " , then select " direct message " . this will launch your default messaging app to send a message to that contact to whichever number you set when you create the shortcut . hope this helps
yesterday , google released chromecast app v1.7 , for selected devices running android 4.4.1 and above . this enabled devices to use screencast feature onto their chromecast .
i have been looking at llama . you can set actions based on conditions , and one of the selectable conditions is NFC tag detected . i have not tried this myself yet , but the program is pretty well thought out . highly recommended !
solved : while the rageagainstthecage exploit is not working with the infuse , you can root it with the psneuter exploit . easiest way to do it is with the superoneclick application .
if your phone is rooted , you can install market enabler from android market and choose another location . sometimes you may need to change the language settings on your device .
try : -long pressing the notification . -a small dialog that says " app info " will appear . -press " app info " -press " force stop " .
it seems that old installation of locale was making problems ; since after uninstalling it problems disappeared . i still do not understand how is it possible for app to influence android systems so badly , since every app should run in it is own sandbox , but at least problem is solved .
google talk was never on the android market . it should have come with your device if it was a " google approved " device , e.g. one that met their minimum requirements ( see this for the gingerbread requirements ) . the google apps that come pre-installed on devices are usually not listed publically on the market . an exception is maps , for example , which is not preloaded on some devices either . you should look under your app drawer for " talk " ( rather than " google talk " , it is easy to miss if you look for that instead ) . if it is not there it can probably be side-loaded if you root your device , but that is another issue .
there is an app called " just playlists " that states the " none repeating shuffle " as one of its features : http://www.androidzoom.com/android_applications/media_and_video/just-playlists_byqz.html
android scans your sd card . when it finds an mp3 playlist ( m3u file ) it looks for media files in the same path , if it does not find any , it deletes the playlist because it thinks it is empty . to stop this from happening create a file in the folder with the m3u file called .nomedia . this will tell the media scanner to ignore the content in the folder .
i do not know if this applies to the s4 but on my nexus devices it shows up on my pc as a ' drive ' but i can not access anything until the phone is unlocked ( the normal screen lock - pattern/pin ) . if you have a screen lock set it should not allow access to the device until you unlock it .
is the sip functionality really gone for good from the optimus 4x ? actually , lg really seems to think their ( european ? ) customers do not need sip . most likely official argument will be that carriers either exclude sip usage from their mobile data plans ( at least here in germany , many do ) . so they removed it . ooops . that was only half true : they removed it from the obvious places , that is . you might not find it in the settings . but luckily , they just removed the link to the settings screen -- all the code still seems to be there ! ah ! still available ! so how to access it ? i found it more accidentally while playing with apex launcher . long pressing on a free space on one of the home screens , like you want to add a widget , opens the expected menu . select " shortcuts " here . on top of the next screen you will find an item called " activities " , which i long ignored -- unfortunately ! but after a very interesting chat session with dan on broadcasts versus intents versus activities , i had to dig into this . and found that : activities of the phone app ( click images for larger variants ) the top entry in the first screenshot clearly reads sip settings -- so i added that shortcut to my homescreen . and what should i say ? yesss ! it is the long missed settings screen , from where you can configure your sip accounts ( and define whether you want the device to listen for incoming sip calls ) ! so if you miss something that should be there , this might be a place to look for it . besides , as reputated users as ase we are always told to watch out for hidden gems in new places -- so you might want to look further : list of apps with activities ( click image for larger variant ) you see , other apps have also activities they made freely available ( they might have even more which are kind of " private " to them ) . the numbers to the right tell you how much activities the corresponding app has made " public " . try them out ! you surely will encounter the one or other force-close when you try to start such an activity ( as it might expect parameters ) , but it cannot hurt . you might find other interesting things ! are there other ways to discover/call such activities ? sure , apex is not the only one . there are other apps available on the playstore which let you explore available activities , such as e.g. package explorer or stanley . and you also can use e.g. tasker to start your discovered activities . besides : with that , most of the " shortcut-apps " available on the playstore you will not need any longer this way . just inspect the settings app , which seems to declare each and every page it has -- so you can directly jump there from your newly created shortcut ! does this apply to the optimus 4x only ? for sure not ! this functionality should be available on any device . i just cannot promise you to find the sip settings on all of them . or anything else you have seen in above screenshots : )
it definitely is a software configuration . there are 2 possible reasons for this problem : servers its contacting - when google maps on your tablet/phone contacts the gps satellites , its done through a special set of servers . sometimes , the manufacturer might have set the system to connect to a set of particularly busy servers . it has been shown that connecting to other servers with lower traffic can give dramatically faster lock on times . possible bug in the initial configuration - when the manufacturer was setting up the initial build configuration , an unintended bug could have been introduced . the solution to both can be done i believe through a simple fix in the gps . conf file but that would require root access . when i was running the stock firmware on my asus transformer , i was having the same problem . now i am running a custom rom and i have no troubles with lock on in google maps .
maybe disabling the noise cancellation feature might work . . get a rooted file editor first , then from "/system/build . prop " change the "media.a1026.enableA1026=1" to "media.a1026.enableA1026=0" then do a reboot . see if your problem is solved . i simply suspect the android 's mic always gets enabled for the purpose of noise cancellation during calls/voice input . remember ! i do not hold responsiblilty for any failure . i suggest you make a backup and everything when you try this . source : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?p=6787214
i ended up using the backup verification codes . the backup methods are the only way to get back into your account if you have damaged your phone .
there are huge differences between 1.6 and 2.2 . 1.6 is also a pretty old version of android . flash is only available for 2.2 and later , so if you have to have flash then you need to go with 2.2 . but the archos 43 does not have an fm receiver , the 48 has a receiver , and transmitter . the ui had big improvements in 2.2 compared to 1.6 . the ability to install apps on an external sdcard is also available on 2.2 , but i do not think you will really need that as the 48 says it has 500gb ( that seems like a lot for a device like that . . . ) . i have also read that it is possible to install froyo on the 48 . 3 . x is currently only available on select devices as they have to " partner " with google in order to have access to honeycomb ( 3 . x ) . so i would not expect to see an update on these devcies anytime soon for 3 . x .
there are definitely android dlna clients and servers which will allow you to share or receive videos or other media over a wireless network , see these previous questions : dlna enabled media player ? what can i do with dlna on an android smartphone ? can i get dlna on my droid ? what is the android answer to air video server ? if you have a tv with a usb port , you should definitely be able to mount your phone 's sd card as a drive and play the files on it ( assuming they are encoded with codecs that your tv understands ) . also if you have a phone with video or hdmi out functionality you can play videos direct to the tv over a video or hdmi cable . but , i do not think you will be able to do things quite the way you describe . i do not know of any tvs that will mount a usb device as anything other than a mass storage device ( usb drive ) or a network adapter ( normally only specific manufacturer approved adaptors ) , and it sounds like you want to stream movies via your phone rather than just play them from its storage . one problem you are going to face is that on an unmodified android phone the moment you mount your phone as mass storage to one device ( eg your tv ) it is no longer accessible to other apps on your phone ( such as whatever 's receiving it from your pc ) . tl ; dr three realistic options : plug phone into pc copy movies onto sd card , unplug phone , plug into tv play as files if your phone has tv-out , video-out or hdmi-out , plug your phone into the tv that way instead of usb and then either play from its storage , or from a streaming video client if your tv is network connectible , use a dlna client on your phone ( see above question links ) to push the movie from a dlna server on the pc ( eg windows media player on win 7 , or twonky server ) to a dlna compatible , network attached tv ( or media streamer box attached to tv ) .
i believe this is a problem of the rom itself ( android 2.2 in ace ) . even with only the basic applications it would show the same error . anyway this problem is solved for me . i upgraded my phone to android 2.3.4 . after that , up to now ( nearly 5 month ) i have not come across that problem .
try going into settings > language and input and configure the google keyboard . in there you can turn off ' auto-correction ' . this should stop it from changing the foreign words to english . you could also try adding additional dictionaries . this should allow you to enter words from different languages without it detecting them as mis-spelt english words .
yes , provided you have got an application to deal with zip files , you should be just fine : winzip for android by default there is already apps within your os to deal with zip files : best is access a zip file thru your browser , download an open one . a window should pop-up , with some recommended apps already on your system .
the power consumption is not noticeable . even a tiny watch battery can run a small led for a few days continuously . increasing the blink rate will not change the power consumption at all : what makes a difference is how long the " on " part of the blink is compared to the " off " part . this is called the duty cycle of the led . most led controllers use the duty cycle to control the brightness of the led ( because leds are not sensitive enough to voltage ) , so even when the led appears to be on continuously , it is actually blinking faster than you can see . you can see this by waving the phone around in a darkened room : instead of tracing a continuous line in the air ( like a sparkler or torch does ) , it looks like a dotted or dashed line . if you can keep the waving speed constant , and measure ( or estimate ) how long the dashes are compared to the gaps , you know the duty cycle . the only reason for the led to blink is a human one : to make it more eye-catching , so you can see when you have a message ( or whatever ) .
this is an issue i have as well , it lies with the apps , whose settings override the default ringer and vibration settings . in order to completely disable vibrations you will have to disable them in settings > sound , and individually in each app . twitter app you will have to go to settings > and there is a notification settings sections that allows you to disable vibration . as an aspiring developer , it will be my goal to default to system settings but allow for customization , as it should be . . .
virtually all android devices have the developer options menu . this is stock android ; a carrier or device manufacturer would have to explicitly remove it . if they did , the hue and cry from actual android developers would be very loud ; some might even refuse to develop for such a device , which would have a negative impact on device sales . in ice cream sandwich , it is grown lots of extra options , as you have noticed . the developer options are mostly useful to actual developers , though some of them are useful to power users . for instance , " usb debugging " allows a user to control their android from their pc with adb ; that could be anything from side-loading an apk to rooting the device . privacy fanatics will appreciate " allow mock locations" ; when this option is on they can use simple apps to generate false geolocation data . and my personal favorite is " stay awake " which prevents the phone from sleeping or blanking the display while it is on the charger . if you are having a problem with these options getting enabled while the device is in your pocket , as in your other question , consider using a screen lock . in jelly bean , developer options must be enabled explicitly and a warning dialog appears if you try to enable developer options . this will help prevent you from enabling them accidentally in your pocket .
nexus 7 does not support ums ( usb mass storage ) out of box . but , it supports file transfer by mtp ( media transfer protocol ) . mtp allows you to push and pull any type of files from sdcard , but it does not allow you to edit files directly on sdcard ( like you do with ums mode ) . from your screenshot , it looks like your nexus 7 is connected with ptp ( photo transfer protocol ) , also known as camera mode . switch to mtp mode and do whatever you want . also make sure your pc os supports mtp .
when you plug your phone into a pc , or other device that communicates with the phone , the phone uses a usb " data mode " , so to speak . in this mode , there is a 500ma maximum draw from the usb port . when you plug your phone into a regular ac wall charger , there is no data connection . the phone then uses whatever amperage is supported by both the phone and charger ( typically between 500ma and 2.1amps ) there are usb charging cables that have the data pins re-wired to disable a data connection . this makes the phone think it is plugged into a regular ac charger , and allow more than 500ma to flow . that does not mean the usb port has more than 500ma to begin with . typically , usb ports on pcs have 500ma , or usb 3.0 ports may have 900ma . theoretically this is safe because it is just disabling a data connection . it is not using more power than it should . phone 's are designed not to accept more amps than it can handle . there are also apps that allow for fast charging by forcing the phone into using the ac charging mode instead of data . however you still need a compatible kernel or it will not work . ( for standard users , changing the kernel is a complicated and risky procedure . ) please note that there are reported cases of people 's phones not supporting regular data modes after attempting to activate fast charge via an app ( notably the nexus 4 ) .
answer from vi . su . in comments ( to make it clear for other users ) found out solution to this problem . in fact , this is not a problem at all . nfc device in the nexus phones is the source for this sound . when placed near a rfid / smartcard , it actually tries to read it aloud . galaxy nexus nfc weirdness
press the power button on the device . all phones should have them and they are usually the buttons that lock the screen as well . if you happen to not have a lock button you can change how quickly android will lock the screen on idle in settings . the way to change this varies from different flavors of android .
try this : menu - settings - content settings - website settings from there you can clear data for individual sites . if that does not work , maybe look into remote usb debugging : https://developers.google.com/chrome-developer-tools/docs/remote-debugging
the main difference is that the launcher screen contains all installed apps on your system . you cannot order it nor do anything but using the icons to access any application . in the main screen you can : add shortcuts to applications ( icons like the ones in the launcher screen ) , you can place each icon in the place you want . add widgets that provide rich functionalities like clocks , calendars or weather access . if you want to compare your phone with a computer , launcher screen is the equivalent of “start menu” in windows , while the main screen ( s ) are the equivalent to the desktop .
sorry , without root , is probably not possible . with your device 's os version and the fact that you want to capture an overlay ( video playback ) , even harder . prior to android 3.0 , screenshots were taken using the framebuffer , that is accessed by opening the /dev/graphics/fb0 device . this location requires root access , and even with root may not work for all devices . some devices use a pair of framebuffers and toggle between them . additionally , and more related with your current problem , the framebuffer does not contain surfaces in an overlay ( often the case with video playback ) . that is the reason as to why you do not get the video , only the application frame . support information by developers on stackoverflow by this answer and this answer .
here is the way i used to do it ( make sure all of your contacts are backed up to google ) : delete all non google contacts . add contacts to phone that you do not want to appear . delete the contacts from google that you just added to your phone . in you contact book : menu button > contacts to display > google only now your contact book will only show your google contacts , but your phone contacts will show up if the person calls you . this is a little inconvienent if you like to use both your google and phone contacts for different things . note : this process can be reversed to get the opposite effect ( store main contacts on phone , store contacts of people you do not want to see on google ) .
when google cloud messaging receives a message from google , it sends a broadcast to the related app . the app can receive this broadcast even if no service was running , and it can respond by starting a service , or by creating a notification from within the broadcast receiver itself . part of the android developers ' documentation explains the process step-by-step . there is a lot of detail there that you only need to know to write an app that uses google cloud messaging , but it might help satisfy your curiosity .
aside from izzy 's suggestions , i also find clean master helpful in cleaning unecessary files / cache . check it out . : )
most apps save their settings and preferences to the internal memory . however , many apps are written to use the sd card for some storage as well . this is usually done to prevent taking up too much space on the ( often very limited ) internal memory . for example , many apps with " offline " mode ( e . g . news readers ) will place downloaded content onto a folder on the sd card . some apps handle disappearance of such cache from the sd card better than others . in most cases though , you can get away with clearing the app cache and data via Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications menu , then tapping on the app , and tapping " clear data " and " clear cache " buttons , if available . uninstall and re-install is a last resort option and should always work .
they are not anywhere . the logs you see in adb logcat are stored in a ring buffer in ram only . they are deleted when the phone is turned off . even while the phone is turned on , the oldest entries are continually overwritten by new entries , so that the log does not take up more and more ram the longer the phone runs .
these toggles are not part of android . third party roms like cyanogenmod and miui , and certain skins that hardware manufacturers put on android include that . if you want to have this functionality on a nexus running stock android you might want to try these two applications , i have used them both , and they are quite stable and useful . power toggles : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.painless.pc more quickly panel : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mabware.android.morequicklypanel
you mean the antenna on in the internals of android handset , underneath the battery or nearby it ? if so - the short answer is no - am afraid ! the firmware and radio base-band is definitely off-limits , closed and proprietary .
it is simple . download the whatsapp messenger app on to your tablet . it is free for a whole year , then you pay $1/year to keep using it . by default , whatsapp is not compatible with tablets , but there is a work-around for that . . . . . . right here you can also try line , which is another messenging app . also . . . textplus has the least amount of work to setup ( it is compatible with tablets ) , but it allows you to send texts and make calls . though it is not as good as whatsapp or line i have also tried mightytext , which works just fine . not sure why it will not work for your phone . . .
i heard dropbox is a good alternative , but i have not tried it myself .
firmware definitely will not affect the quality of gps reception ( atleast in case of original roms , as homebrew roms might have some bugs - even then it is either the fact that the gps fix might take longer than usual or the gps does not work at all . not associated with accuracy . ) what affects gps reception is the quality of the signal . you tend to get a better and a faster gps fix if you are in the open rather than in a closed building . i have seen that foursquare and google maps always point at the same location . ( no brainer . )
i do not think there is a way to do this with this phone . the droid razr m does not support mhl , and its android version is too old to have the feature of mirroring the screen to a chromecast . you could still use chromecast to send specific video ( i.e. . from movie players , presentation apps , or youtube ) to anything that has hdmi input , but not to mirror the whole screen . note that the phone 's screen itself does not use a high-level protocol like vga or hdmi , so you can not simply take the screen off , cut its ribbon cable , and wire a vga screen in its place .
there is a mode in cyanogenmod and other roms called " expanded desktop " . if your phone is in expanded desktop mode , then the navbar will not be visible ( the notification bar may also be hidden , depending on your settings ) . the easiest way to check if you are in expanded desktop is to try toggling it . simply long-press the power button to get cyanogenmod 's expanded power menu , then tap " expanded desktop " to toggle it . if your buttons showed up after doing this , then you are set ! if not , it is something else .
first , you can decide what data you want to sync with google . in the accounts settings , you can disable contacts sync , and so only sync your calendar data , which would solve one of your items . concerning sms , there are several backup and restore apps available on the market . the probably most popular one is sms backup and restore . second item solved . as for your apps settings , and " etc " -- that will get a bit more difficult . if your devices are both rooted , it could be done using titanium backup . without root it is almost impossible -- except for those few apps using the google backup api ( you can decide to have your " data " backed up to google servers in your device 's settings ) . as each app runs in its own sandbox , without root no other app can access its data .
a workaround at least while in the main launcher home screen is to press menu and then notifications . else get hellostatusbar and assign it to a shortcut key . you can also try status bar expander which uses a long-press on the menu key to drop the bar wherever you are . naturally , ymmv as certain devices do not support these apps .
the problem ended up being transient ; i rarely restart my phone . somehow it got stuck in ' on call ' mode , so the proximity sensor was enabled despite nothing being running . a reboot resolved the silly issue .
actually , i believe samsung has suspended the 4.3 update for now . have a look here .
as @axeman said , the connector is an ultra small surface mount coaxial connector ( quite a mouthful and still could not get how it was abbreviated as u . fl ) which is a kind of expansion port which could be used for any radio communication , including gsm , wifi , gps . and as @lie ryan said , the fourth terminal in the battery is for connecting the antennae in the battery to nfc circuitry on the motherboard . few searches in google confirmed this and gives raise to following information : those who have nfc in their phones , may lose the nfc capabilities if they try to replace with cheap and duplicate batteries which may not have the nfc antennae as said here . i am summing up all the points to make this question as answered . i was unable to accept @axeman 's answer as complete as it did not answer the nfc part and @lie ryan had added as a comment only . kudos for them both ! update : i happen to get hold of lg p500 's service manual which confirms the rf connector with the following image tagged as sw1001 .
if you use swype you can move the cursor by swyping from the swype symbol to the sym key . that brings up a screen where you can do easy cursor movements and text selection . also , you can correct words easily by double-tapping on a word ; this will bring up the word choice box .
any micro usb cable that has the capability of charging your phone does excactly that . i found a link on usb powering . the source is from 2005 but the issue remains the same . some cables do charge your device due to a sufficient power flow through the cable while others do not .
edit : just came across kitkat launcher , a clone of the stock kk launcher with some mods . more info on their xda thread . jboi explained : unless you write you own homescreen launcher or use an existing one from goolge play , there is no way to resize icons . well , no way does not mean its impossible : as said , you can write your own launcher as discussed in stackoverflow . you can resize elements on the home screen , but these elements are appwidgets . since api level 14 they can be resized and user can - in limits - change the size . but that are widgets not shortcuts for launching icons .
just got a kindle fire as a gift . so far i have been more than disappointed . no apps no amazon prime membership . no cloud . no mp3 's no storage . yes facebook works . yes i can check my email . yes i can browse the web . bottom line is , if you are in canada , spend a few more bucks and get a tablet that you can use . . .
it is actually pretty simple but not obvious at first . create a playlist ( e . g . ' offline' ) open google play music on your android device and select the playlist check ' keep on device ' for the playlist go to http://music.google.com and add tracks to this playlist you device will download the tracks , even if you add them with the web interface
i used android system info app and it gave me a bit more hardware information ( cpu speed , cpu chip , etc . ) but nothing definitive about the manufacturer . . . i guess it will remain a mysterious an allwinner clone . . . thanks for the help , all . . .
it is most likely GT-N7105 , the international version . you can find the other models in wikipedia .
usb devices are designed to use a wide variety of voltages ranging from 500ma to 1500ma and have been standardized for quite some time . you can generally plug any usb device into any usb cable and into any usb port , and nothing will blow up . using a more powerful charger should speed up battery charging , while using a less powerful one will just charge slower . a good resource for this topic can be found here . as noted in that article , the only real concern is when charging an older phone with a newer charger , as the battery might not be able to handle the higher current . in your cause your using an older charger with a new phone , so your all good .
the play store does have an option in its central settings for controlling whether shortcuts on your home screen are automatically created for apps when you install them : you can get here by opening the play store , pressing the menu button on your phone ( or the " three dots " menu icon if you do not have a hardware menu button ) and select settings , you should then see the " auto-add widgets " setting that you can enable or disable .
go to the market and search for screen filter . it can get much dimmer than the brightness control by controlling the screen colors rather than just the backlight .
i attempted to get vnc options working , but they are all buggy . in particular the keyboard mappings and clunky and the screens never seem to render correctly . i even wrote to an author offering money for improvements but never got anything back . teamviewer 8 is the only solution i have found where it actually works the way it is supposed to ( i.e. . seamlessly ) . teamviewer is free for personal use , which is a bonus , but it is by far and away the best solution i have found . it properly supports the android home/nav keys and has complete and properly mapped support for keyboard input . to use it , install teamviewer 8 on your pc/mac , and " teamviewer quicksupport " on your android device . as far as i know , root is not required . no , i do not work for teamviewer .
one way to trigger the hover on links is to long-press the link , wait for the menu to appear , and the press the back button to cancel the menu . this also works in some other browsers . note that this does not work on all links . just tried on the example you mentioned , does not work , probably because there is a slight delay between the onmouseover event and showing the menu . but on other pages , where it is a simple onmouseover trigger this method works .
the error stating that the avd 's config is missing a kernel file is because when i checked the avd manager , the concerned avd had a red cross-mark against it ! once i repaired this avd i found that the error was eliminated !
make sure that your device has usb debugging enabled . what happens if you execute " adb devices " ? is it listed ?
i had the same problem and think i found the place to correct it : 1 ) open the e-mail client program on the samsung 2 ) go to " menu | account settings " 3 ) disable sms-sync hope it works !
lookout should do all , or at least most , of this for you . ( warning : market-speak follows ) your mobile device is your most personal computer . it contains your personal data including contacts , photos , video , e-mail , and text messages . backup your data and keep it safe and secure . whether you accidently delete data , your phone is lost , or even destroyed--your data is safe . you can restore any data with the click of a mouse . changing devices is just as easy and your data can be transferred in seconds .
it seems tethering on sgs2 on cm10 is currently broken , according to entropy512 on xda developer : cm10 supports tethering , however wpa/wpa2 tethering was broken on devices with bcmdhd wifi until i fixed it earlier this week . some devices may not have the fix enabled yet ( it has to be enabled on a per-device basis , since the " fix " will break devices that do not need it . )
ifixit has a teardown that shows the wi-fi antenna is on the back . interestingly , when i took it off and looked i saw that it was nicely labeled too . also , the wi-fi reception seems much better after reattaching the cover . maybe my antenna was not connected very well . it appears a simple mod could be done to attach an external wi-fi antenna if i needed to do that . a mod may be in my future .
there appears to be a software update coming out to fix this in the " near future " . the actual release date for this update was not specified . . . here is the faq on the motorola website . . .
this is samsung 's " quick glance " feature , which triggers when a hand is waved over your sleeping phone . you can turn it off in settings -> my device -> motions and gestures -> air gesture -> quick glance .
it seems that this is possible for both versions of the hd ( 7" , os version 7.4.3 and 8.9" , os version 8.4.3 ) . i found xda developer forums for 7" hd version 7.4.3 and 8.9" hd version 8.4.3 . for the purposes of making this post self-contained , i will assume that you have the 7" version . the steps are : step 1: download the *root_with_restore_by_bin4ry_v31 . zip* . ( see original forum ) step 2: extract the file . step 3: this step is very important . uninstall any drivers you have for the kindle fire hd . connect your kindle to the pc via usb . press the windows start button and search " device manager " go to > portable devices . " right click " on kindle and choose " properties " . go to " driver " and click " uninstall " . then unplug the kindle from the pc . step 4: now download and install kindle fire adb drivers . ( see original forum for links to these ) step 5: now on your kindle fire hd go to " settings " then > security . mark " enable adb " - on . step 6: connect the kindle fire hd to the pc via usb . wait till automatic installation completes and kindle is recognized . step 7: navigate to the folder where you extracted the bin4ry method and " double click " the " runme . bat " file and choose option 1 . step 8: on the kindle fire hd select the option " backup my data " and wait till the backup completes ( when the backup completes , on the computer press any key ) . then select the option " restore my data " ( this will not erase any data or files ) and wait till the restore completes ( when the restore completes , on the computer press any key ) . step 9: your device will reboot twice . step 10: when your device boot select select the option " restore my data " once again ( this will not erase any data or files ) and wait till the restore completes ( when the restore completes , on the computer press any key ) . your device will reboot once again . step 11: when your device boot , unlock your device and go to " apps drawer " , you should see the " superuser " app . you are done !
after relocking and unlocking again , it worked for me .
yes , there is : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.rgam.morsekeyboard
you should never mess with the system without having a backup . to get root back you can just re-flash the rom that you are using without wiping anything . this will remove whatever happened with your busybox .
the picture viewer of my htc desire work fine for tiff . . . do you try astro ? beamreader is able to do it , but it is expensive . . . however , they offer a 10-day free trial .
in order to use those themes , you will need to use the alternative launcher adw . as it says at the top of the description : *Must have adw.launcher 1.3.1+ to use* http://www.appbrain.com/app/adw-launcher/org.adw.launcher
the solution is pretty simple , far more easier than i anticipated : partition your usb drive/sdcard , into two partitions , using this easeus partition master , which is what i used . partition layout needs to be one with 1gb of space with fat32 filesystem , that is for the installer . remaining partition of type ext3 ( linux partition ) . the installer , when live-booting from the usb drive/sdcard , will show the just-created partition on the usb/sdcard , just select that partition to install on it and its done .
i am not sure if it is a good choice to use a alphanumeric keyboard instead of a qwerty one . but here is some choices for you : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=bigkeyboard.bordeux.net https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.bb.keyboard.wf this one is paid , but seems better : play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=net.fredricknet.inputmethod.latin there is no much people making this keyboards , so it is probability that the keyboard is no longer updated .
all the data stored by the app in the folder /data/data/app_name/ will be cleared . you cant specify which data to clear . the app would be like when it was installed or updated .
if you can tether mobile data of your galaxy nexus over wi-fi , you have full-featured ad-hoc network . if you are not sure , install wireless tether ( root access is required ) . after connecting laptop to this MobileAP , look for ips of client and Default Gateway ( ipconfig /all cmd command works fine with windows ; fing can also be used ) . ip of Default Gateway is ip of your android device . you can use these ips in any networking service you want . it works . another approach in ad-hoc networking , it does not matter which point is broadcasting ssid . so , you can make your laptop virtual router too . connect your galaxy nexus to it and do whatever you want . to make your laptop virtual router with nas support , i would recommend you to install connectify pro ( not free ) . there is a nice free alternative too : mhotspot . after connecting your galaxy nexus to virtual hotspot created by it , you can use any networking service over it .
it is saved in /data/misc/wifi/wpa_supplicant.conf file . you can open it with any text editor . if you have terminal emulator you can also do this : cat /data/misc/wifi/wpa_supplicant.conf 
any ideas whether this feature will be part of the core of android 4.2 , or if it is just for nexus 10 ? multi-user support in android 4.2 will be for all tablets . so yes , all tabs with android 4.2 jelly bean will have multi-user support . google is officially supporting this only for tablets as of now . however , i am very sure that custom rom makers will port it for phones . in fact , there are already a bunch of custom roms which do this . i wish i got this on my nexus 7 . nexus 7 is a tablet , so when you upgrade to 4.2 , you should get multi-user support .
i can think of 2 ways you could do this . bluetooth audio adapter , like the antec bxr100 . these are generally used for headphones , but should be able to simply connect into your amp . -pros : simple , cheap -cons : bluetooth , limited range , a2dp appears to have issues on android 4.2 , possibly non-optimal audio quality dlna renderer ( mini computer ( raspberry pi ( raspbmc maybe . there is a topic on the use of raspbmc as a dlan renderer here on their forums . ) or similar perhaps ) , specialized unit ( like the ( discontinued , though still findable if you do not mind buying used ) netgear mp100 series ) , or maybe a cheap android device ) attached to your amp , getting your audio pushed from one of the several dlna server apps available for android . this is essentially the same as apple 's airplay system , only a different , more open standard which will work with more manufacturers ' devices . -pros : almost as simple , will work anywhere you can get a wifi signal , possibly better audio quality than the bluetooth , could potentially be used to move video if you wanted to in the future if your chosen receiver has that capability . -cons : more complex , possibly expensive , new audio-only dlna renderers seem to be rare nowadays .
in dropbox 2.0.1 ( and in pre-2.0 versions , iirc ) , you can tap on a text file and it can offer to open it in " db text editor " which comes with the app ( or some other editor which has been assigned to open files with . txt extension ) . note that this will not work on just about any other file -- dropbox does not recognize mime types , but rather uses the extension to pick a program to open a file with , even if the file in question contains text . this also works with other file types -- for example , i am able to open my password database from keepassdroid ( extension . kbdx ) .
32gb is the limit imposed by the secure digital high capacity ( sdhc ) specification , not fat32 . fat32 supports 2tb drives , with a standard 512 byte sector ( or 16tb with 4.096 byte sectors ) which is ( coincidentally ? ) the same as the latest secure digital extended capacity ( sdxc ) specification , so fat32 should be viable for some time to come . the biggest restriction with a fat32 formatted drive is the per file size restriction . since fat32 uses 32bit file pointers , which means that no single file can be larger than 4gb ( actually 2 32 -1 ) . most of the time this is not a problem , but if you want to transport movies or virtual machines which are not split into multiple smaller files , then this might cause you problems . as an aside , in an answer like this , i can not help but illustrate it with a favorite picture of mine which compares 8 bytes of magnetic core memory from 1953 with 8gb ( 8 thousand million bytes ) of flash from 2008: in the same space as those 8 bytes from 1953 you could now fit 8x or 12x 32gb usd cards ( when you take into account thickness too ) so who knows where we will be in another 55 years ? probably wondering how we got by with only a couple of terabytes in our phone . *8' )
it is about 290 dpi ( just crunch the numbers : use the pythagorean equation to get the " pixels " diagonally , then divide by the screen diagonal ) .
i am now using osmand . it stores openstreetmap maps on the phone 's storage . osmand uses a vectorial format , which means it can store a lot of information without taking too much space , and is visible in all zoom factors . you can download the maps you want , for instance italy , bolivia , or any other country/region . free , open source .
i almost forgot about my own question , meanwhile i found perfectly working solution -- simply converting kml into gpx with gpsbabel : http://www.gpsbabel.org/ it is open source , which is great plus for me .
found it . . . . message board service started bluelocate service started here is the app causing theses messages : connectdroid
i use the tasker application to change the screen timeout and brightness ( as well as the gps ) when i use maps or navigation . i turn on gps and disable timeout when starting maps/navigation and turn them off on exiting . tasker allows you to specify certain tasks that are activated when opening/closing and application . it has several other features and uses , but i find it works well for the problem you are having .
well , after much testing , found the destination microsd card had file structure corruption , causing the problem . it was resolved by mounting the microsd card on a pc , copying all the good files to a desktop folder , running gparted to unmount and reformat the microsd card , and copy the files back once the formatting completed . rooting was not required to access /storage/emulated/0 .
are you sure you invested enough time in searching the internet ? i just found this forum and another forum after one search . to answer your other questions : in short , you will need to use odin ( a computer-based tool used for writing to your device while in " pre-android " mode ) to flash ( a fancy phrase for installing ) a custom recovery ( clockworkmod , aka cwm ) . that custom recovery will allow you to flash a superuser app that will handle granting root access . all files necessary can be found by resorting to the linked forums since so can not host files . rooting does not remove your version of android . in most cases , it will actually wipe all of your data ( factory reset ) , so make sure to backup anything that you need beforehand . being rooted does leave room for flashing different versions of android if you wish to do so in the future . sadly , i did not have any luck finding linux drivers for the note 10.1 . windows drivers available here .
the way i generally deal with truculent apps is by following each of these steps until it starts working again . force stop clear cache clear app data restart the device uninstall/reinstall ( this may be tricky with the market app )
actually , it should not be necessary to connect the tablet to your desktop . all you need to do is to log into google play on your desktop with the same account that is registered on the tablet . then navigate to an app and press the Install button ( or Installed if it is already installed on one of your other devices ) : once you click Install , a dialog will appear which allows you to select the device to install to : after clicking Install , click OK on the next dialog that pops up . then connect your tablet via wifi , wait a bit , and the app will be installed !
the superoneclick dev 's website http://shortfuse.org/ states on their august compatibility list : all 2.3.4 devices need a custom root method . looking around , there does not seem to be a universal one click root method for 2.3.4 yet , most of the root methods for the later gingerbreads involve flashing custom firmware , etc which is more involved .
turns out i had to change this via the " mail settings " menu in gmail , under the general menu is a my picture menu , where you can select the image used for google + , google voice and apparently the icon used for contacts synched with gmail .
try isyncr . they have a wifi add on also .
new version of handcent with its group sms plugin does the job perfectly .
closing the browser has no benefit . the android subsystem manages the memory on the device really well and will free up memory from background applications if it needs it . as i understand it , it does this by saving the application state in a database on disk . if you run the application again , it can then rebuild its state from the info in the database . if you want to stop the browser from downloading and you can not see the " stop " button , press the menu button . this will bring up the address bar allowing you to press the stop button . although if the address bar has disappeared then chances are your phone is not downloading anything , unless the site you are on has javascript on it which is causing it to refresh elements regularly . if this is the case you are on your own .
no , delivery reports generally just tell you that the message has been delivered and is sitting on their phone . it does not necessarily tell you that they have been read . there is not a way to tell if its been read as far as i know .
i think this one really depends on the device and procedures involved in installing a new rom . for nexus devices , there is really no point because you can just fastboot oem unlock the bootloader and install your new recovery with fastboot flash recovery [file] . other devices , however , may force you to use tricks that require root in order to unlock the bootloader . for example , in order to install a rom on a device which does not support fastboot , you may need root in order to install a custom recovery .
though it went unmentioned during today 's google i/o keynote , the google play website now offers the option of updating and/or uninstalling apps from android hardware directly in the browser . by heading to the " my android apps " tab of the play portal , you will see a list of all applications that reside on your smartphone or tablet ; users with multiple devices can view a breakdown of what apps are installed where . though sorting is alphabetical , apps with pending available updates will be listed first . clicking a gray update button will immediately start the download on the target android product , though sadly there is no " update all " option just yet . uninstalls are equally as simple : selecting the trash can icon underneath each app first brings up a warning dialog that acts as a nice safeguard against unintentional deletions . clicking through this leads to the immediate removal of the app in question from your device . source : http://www.theverge.com/2012/6/27/3121959/google-play-website-update-uninstall-android-apps
for this to work seamlessly you would need an smb server on your phone . there is such an app , available via this forum thread . it needs root , and it looks like results vary by device . at least one reason why root is required is that normal users are not allowed to open ports below 1024 , whilst by convention , smb servers use ports 135-139 . an alternative is the on air ( wifi disk ) app , available in the market . whilst not quite seamless , this does give you access to your sd card via appletalk , webdav or good old ftp . i have just tested with an htc desire hd and windows xp over webdav and it appears to work well . the windows xp webdav client is a bit ropey , but that is not really the fault of android or on air : ) the on air app itself warns of issues using the built-in webdav clients for vista and windows 7 , and recommends a standalone client .
this is because they are not compatible . unity requires devices with armv7 instruction set , your phone only supports v6 . i am sorry but there is nothing that you can do other than buy a new handset if you want to play cutting edge games . see this for the detailed specifications of your phone .
the following instructions are from androidforums . com site . the summary of the rooting procedure ( just copied and pasted - credit goes to sagarwep the poster of the procedure ) is as below : enable usb debugging on your device . to do that , go to settings > development > usb debugging . connect your device to any pc/laptop . the drivers will be installed automatically . download bin4ry for root a110 by sagarwep . 7z and unzip . run RunMe.bat from the extracted location . a command prompt with weird green letters will pop-up on your screen . follow the onscreen instructions carefully . to start off , you willl need to type in a "1" and press enter . [ note : if you ever want to unroot your micromax a110 , follow the above steps till you reach this one and then , instead of typing "1" , type " x " and hit enter . follow the instructions that appear on the command prompt after that . ] your device will reboot during the process after which bin4ry will copy some files to your device . with rootchecker you can verify whether the phone is rooted or not .
rom manager should not be a required systems app to run cyanogenmod . take a look at the steps over here to remove a system app from your phone : http://oldwiki.cyanogenmod.org/wiki/barebones something like : adb remount adb shell rm -f /system/app/RomManager.apk 
my answer on that other question was not quite right -- i have a us variant on the galaxy s , and the process to get into download mode is not exactly the same . i will update that answer shortly , in the meantime here are the odin instructions : go to this xda thread and download the newest firmware for your region . download odin for windows ( search for " heimdall " if you are on linux ) . then do the following : put your phone into download mode remove the battery hold volumedown plus the home key plus power . while holding , reinsert the battery . release the power button , still holding the others , about 1 second after the white " gt-i9000" text appears . after a few seconds a yellow triangle with an android in it should appear , this is download mode . if it does not , try this again while holding power the whole time . start up odin . attach the phone to your pc via usb so that odin recognizes it . load the . zip file you downloaded ( the rom/firmware ) into the pda field of odin . load the 512 . pit file into the pit field of odin . check " re-partition " . hit start . odin will tell you when it is done ; if it fails , reboot your phone and try again . ( this happens occasionally ) . note that if you need to back anything up , you should do that beforehand and save the backup to your pc , since everything ( except probably the external sd card ) will be wiped on the phone . also note that you do this at your own risk ; odin is very powerful and misusing it can damage your phone . i have used it dozens of times myself safely .
as of 2.3.4 this issue is fixed . for other users on previous versions , i temporarily solved this problem by disabling wifi all together .
this is the latest official ainol novo 7 fire jellybean firmware ( using the latest android version 4.2.2 ) : google translation maybe required .
fixed it by rooting the phone with a different kernel version . installing in appropriate kernel was the reason for this problem .
it may be your file explorer is not written well . you could try to use a different file explorer , such as es file explorer . or , try going about it from a different way . instead of using your email program to look for an attachment , use your file explorer to ' share ' the attachment , and choose to share it via your email app . it will add the file as an attachment and open your email app . as long as your email client is listed as a possible ' share ' app , this should work . if neither of those work , try getting a new email client . since the email client is not showing all of your file explorer apps when selecting to add an attachment , it may have written its own ( poorly designed ) app selector .
anything can go wrong , including issues that permanently brick the device . that said , galaxy s devices are compatible with a tool called odin that can fix all but the worst problems . example process . i personally flash pretty much anything i feel like onto my vibrant , and odin has saved me many times . i would not hesitate to flash something i wanted to try out , but you may wish to be more cautious .
tablets have larger screens , and often more powerful cpus , than phones , which vastly increases power consumption . in order to provide the battery life expected , tablet batteries have much higher capacity than typical phones , and would charge at an unacceptably slow rate with a 5v , 550ma charge provided by a usb 2.0 computer port ( some wall chargers are 850ma or 1-2a ) . at 550ma and 5v , you are getting 2.75 watts ( volts x amps ) , at 2a , you are as high as 10 watts . charging at a higher voltage allows a faster charge while keeping the current down , which minimizes the need for heavier conductors in the cable , etc . the asus charger used with the transfomer series , for example , uses 1.5a at 15v , which provides 22.5 watts . i believe the ipad charger has similar characteristics . each of these uses a proprietary connector which provides a signal to the charger that it can safely output the higher voltage , which reduces the risk of damaging other equipment by connecting it to the higher voltage charger . the asus will charge , albeit very slowly , from a computer usb port using the proprietary cable ; the same may be true of other tablets . edit : an additional factor is the maximum current rating of the pins in the usb connector . this article states that the maximum rated current on pins 1 and 5 of a micro usb connector is 1.8 amps for a total of 9 watts . currents beyond that amount run the risk of overheating the pins .
enable your gps and use navigator to some location you are not going to that is far away . then watch a movie on your phone with brightness on max . this will get the job done .
i removed /data/etc/wifi , /data/misc/dhcp and /data/misc/wifi and it worked .
please erase all data and the dalvik-cache ( if you have recovery ) . are you using the stock or custom rom ? this looks to me like a bug in the rom to do with nfc - this is the only reason the device would lock up like that . if you are using a custom rom , i suggest you contact the rom developer with the logs , if not , check for a software update . edit : the nfc service will only run if nfc is enabled - if you disable it , and then reboot , it should no longer be active . if it is you can kill it via Settings-&gt;Apps-&gt;Running .
you could try to disable google people ( contacts ) sync application using storage/apps menu item and then disable contacts sync option for google account . after that you should be able to add contact which is marked as phone only - not synced . hope this helps . . .
the nexus 7 ( with mobile data ) takes a micro sim card . see this page from google support on how you can insert and activate a sim card .
this is an error with your network setting . nothing is wrong with your device or the app . goto Settings -> More Settings -> Mobile Networks now go to Access Point Names click your APN , ( e . g . o2 ) delete the proxy and delete the ip address within it , so it is " not set " this was solved in the microsoft forums .
as far i know this is a security " feature " on android devices that do not let you open personal data through widgets when you set a lock code or a lock pattern . only works if you do not have no security set .
unless amazon releases their kindle fire source code , there will not be a way to mod a different android tablet to be a faux fire . i seriously doubt that will happen that is not to say that someone will not be able to put together some combination of mods and apps that might approximate some of the fire 's functionality , but that is a pretty daunting task , if amazon 's proprietary changes do not make it completely impossible . update : how about that ? amazon actually did release the kindle fire source code . http://latimesblogs.latimes.com/technology/2011/11/amazon-releases-kindle-fire-source-code.html update 2 : it seems that someone 's got something very close . android spin has details .
yup , it is perfectly fine . i do it regularly while playing games .
i had the same problem and today i did find what was causing my problem . it just started yesterday , 2 weeks after i got the phone . and the only thing that was different is that i started using a generic ac charger that arrived yesterday . when i suspected it was the charger this morning , i switched back to the white samsung charger that came with the phone - and when the battery was fully charged , there was no ' beep ' , just a notice on the notification list . screen did not light up . so i suspect that the generic charger i had just received was overcharging the battery , and the phone must be designed not only to do an audible alert , but to keep repeating that audible and screen-on alert until the phone is unplugged . i have the phone charging on the white cable/plug that came with it , and i have a spare for travel . that is the charger i used up until yesterday - and never had a problem . so i think this resolved my problem with the battery full alert - and i will update again if it turns out that my problem is not fixed .
i think astrid is open source but you might want to check better because i am not sure .
according to an answer i got a thread i made at xda developers , it looks like the phone actually is rooted because the whole idea with the cf-root kernel i used is that it comes pre rooted ( which makes me feel slightly sheepish ! ) .
i have a nas that uses standard windows shares ( smb ) and i use the image transfer app to push all my new pictures and videos to my server over wireless ( it is a paid app but very cheap and in my opinion worth the small fee ) . also see this previous question : app to sync photos to a network drive over wifi ? which has a few alternatives and where image transfer came top . my device comes with a web-page interface , which is how i do most viewing of pictures , files etc
no . its up to the manufacturer to release new android versions for their devices . some devices will never get a new android version . only the devices from google ( nexus one , nexus s ) will get the latest android versions early and ota . the others may get the new version , but it is the decision of the manufacturer . custom roms may provide a newer android version , as the last official version that was released by the manufacturer . but this often only applies to popular devices .
connect your computer with virtual hotspot created by android device . install any ftp server app on android device . it'll not give you ip of device for sure . : ) in your computer , find ip of Default Gateway of wi-fi network of step 1 ( in windows , you can use ipconfig cmd command ) . its the ip of your device . use any ftp client software on computer . use ftp://IP:Port ( port is generally configurable in ftp server app ) . enter username and password configured in ftp server app . done !
yes , just go to : Contacts -&gt; Menu -&gt; Import/Export -&gt; From SIM to Phone or you can view this more detailed article to help you : http://androidadvices.com/import-sim-contacts-android-phone/
this feature is called " fast charge " , and it charges your device slightly faster by disabling the usb data capability . it is not available in the stock rom that i know of , so you need a rom and a kernel that you know supports this . i am using aokp with the franco kernel and it works great on my galaxy nexus , so you could try that . ( there is even a quick toggle for fast charge available ) . there is probably not an unrooted solution for this . being prompted for driver installs ( at least on a windows machine ) is annoying it might be good to know that installing the correct usb drivers for the galaxy nexus in windows is not something that happens automatically . if you decide to root and flash your device , you will encounter this ; i highly recommend using galaxy nexus toolkit to make the procedure as easy as possible ( it is really not that hard ) .
hey man you can use this . notification lockscreen widget ( available for free in the google play store ) . it gives following features . view all dismissible notifications including missed calls , sms , facebook notifications , gmail , etc . launch the app directly from the notifications list . combine multiple similar notifications into one notification with counter . allow full original notification content as it appears on notifications bar .
fundamentally android requires the developer to implement encryption directly ( ie , there is no os supplied framework for this ) . to the best of my knowledge , there is no current android hardware with encryption built into to the hardware . the new " black phone " that boeing is reportedly making for the us defense industry is likely an exception to this ( the phone hw was specifically engineered for security ) . basically ios is encrypted by default , and android requires the devloper to implement encryption in their applications .
lies , damned lies , and equipment specs . i can print up a lovely sticker that says it'll output 1000a . does not mean it'll output that . it is significantly cheaper to make a low-power supply than it is to make a high-power power supply . making the latter means you need a bigger transformer ( with heavier windings ) , larger capacitor ( s ) , larger inductor ( s ) and higher current rectifier ( s ) , all of which add up to more money . if you are trying to make stuff on the cheap and are not worried about pesky things like ethics , you will go with the lower end components and massage the specs ( by testing at low temperatures , etc . this is especially common with computer power supplies which specify output at 25c , even though they would actually operate at ~40c unless you are using them inside a refrigerator ) , use theoretical values rather than actually testing the product ( saving money on qa ) , or just outright lie about the specs , the latter of which is probably the case with this charger , for reasons below . one big red warning light that your charger is substandard is that the ce mark ( which is used to indicate conformance to eu standards ) is fake . the shape of the letters and their spacing is wrong . a real ce mark should have the letters each forming a half-and-a-bit circle and should link up if you continue the arc , as shown below . a cursory glance at the mark on your charger shows it looks nothing like this . the ccc mark ( indicating compliance to chinese standards ) is also fake . other warnings signs include having no manufacturer listed and improper capitalization ( should be ma , not ma , unless they are claiming is can supply a billion amps . ) . in essence , to determine if a charger is likely to be substandard , apply the same thoughts as you would for determining whether a product is counterfeit . the only real difference between a substandard product and most counterfeits is whether a manufacturer 's label is forged or not .
go download poweramp . best $5 i ever spent on an app . it includes lockscreen controls and i am pretty sure you can set up lockscreen gestures to do whatever you want . i will confirm this real quick on my installation . edit : confirmed on the lockscreen gestures . swiping left and right over the album art will skip the track forward and backward by default , from anywhere in the app or on the lockscreen .
if your phone is rooted and got clockworkmod installed , then try formatting and creating an ext partition in clockworkmod . its the most simplest and easiest way to do it . it will automatically take care of your fat partition too . for more info , read this article
check for a security notification under the notifications . i missed it at first on my tablet .
" does not work outside us currently . we are working on getting a fix out . " . . . told me les vogel who is the staff developer programs engineer - googletv so i think we will have to wait .
yes , connectbot supports pubkey authentication and tunnels .
download the gsam battery monitor ( formally knows as bad ass battery monitor ) it will keep track of the number of times and for how long each app keep the device awake . open gsam and go to the app sucker view ( icon on the lower left ) . then change the view to time held awake . to see the number of time an app held the device awake press on the app . ( click to enlarge )
yes there is a way . it is called foldersync . it allows you to set up folder pairs to sync and the full version even allows you to sync on changes . it also supports several other cloud services .
to charge at the maximum rate , the charger must identify itself as a charging device by shorting two middle usb pins . this is in the usb specification . proper chargers come like this . other chargers can be modified to short the pins together . i have personally modded a griffin usb car charger in this manner . before the change , it would charge in " usb " mode . after soldering together the two pins , the phone charges in " ac " mode . one caveat : i have not done any tests to see if this changes the charging rate , but it certainly charges quickly after the mod . everything i have read about this phone says that it will only pull 500 ma in " usb " mode . references : wikipedia entry regarding usb charging spec . look for the words " dedicated charging port . " amazon user review with instructions for modding a certain car charger .
i had this issue with my old g1 . the only resolution i was able to find was to do a factory reset on the phone and re-enter the google id with the @gmail . com extension , as os version i was running does not have the ability to remove your google account . newer os versions do seem to have the ability to remove your google account from the phone and re-enter it with the new extension as i have been able to do this on froyo at least .
the easy way is to go to your wifi settings , and hit Menu &gt; Advanced . it'll show up there , or you can set it to a static ip if you want . the cool way is to dial *#*#4636#*#* to open the testing menu . then click wifi information , then wifi status .
in this case an os upgrade solved the issue . for someone in a similar situation without an os upgrade ( or other fix ) in sight , it might be worth taking a look at vcard manager ( which claims to be able to open all types of vcards ) or contacts vcf , which says to open any .vcf file : vcard manager and contacts vcf ( source : google play ; click images for larger variants )
no need to load a custom rom . you have two paths possible -- you can simply use special software on your pc to sideload apps or you can do some edits to the configuration databases on the phone to bypass the block permanently . this page covers both methods -- http://samsungcaptivate.wikia.com/wiki/how_to_sideload
lbe works on jellybean -- just not the version you install from the playstore . the boot-loop problem is a known issue ( so nobody can understand why the developer did not even place a note on the app 's playstore page ) . on xda you can find multiple threads discussing this issue , and at least one of them also holds modified versions of lbe to download . take e.g. a look at : [ app ] lbe security manager v4.3.2738 ( this is a new version only released in chinese -- but some xda members provide a translated version here ) [ app ] [ root ] lbe privacy guard - most powerful privacy protection app for android [ app ] lbe privacy guard v2 is now available alternatives to lbe would include : pdroid privacy protection pdroid manager ( open-source alternative to it )
reinstall cm with minimal gapps , your /system folder is most probably full due to gapps-kk taking up too much space . http://goo.im/devs/banks/gapps/4.4.3
in general , you should never assume that any internet connection is secure . not even if you owned the hotspot . internet is built under the assumption that intermediary links are unreliable and not necessarily trustworthy ( not even your service provider or the backbone operators should be considered trustworthy ) . that is why we have developed various authentication and encryption protocols which can ensure secure communication through these untrustworthy channels . in short , use https or ssl when accessing informations that you do not want anyone snooping on and do not use apps that do not use https/ssl . gmail always uses ssl when communicating with google servers , although last time i checked not for calendar or contacts , though this may have changed since then .
a lot of people seem to be having problems with google play movies . if you have a look on the play store page there are a lot of people complaining that the app is buggy . lots of people have fixed issues by uninstalling and reinstalling , it may not help but it is worth a try .
if it does not work out of the box , which is the case with many android phones , then you have a few different options : a launcher replacement which adds this feature ( may not work with all roms ) a custom rom like cyanogen mod , which has this feature built in . you can read more about custom roms here wait for an official update which adds this feature . ( may never happen )
found a solution myself . the problem was that the adb and fastboot tools in the htc sync program did not work . i solved it by downloading the android sdk , installing platform-tools , removing htc sync from the path variable and adding the platform-tools directory in its place .
newer android devices do not support usb mass storage because it has a big shortcoming : the phone and the pc can not access the storage at the same time that way . this is because usb mass storage is a low-level protocol giving the pc low-level access to the whole filesystem . this causes knock-on problems when you connect your phone to the pc:- apps on the external storage can not run while it is mounted on the pc . music and other files on the external storage are not accessible to apps , so even apps that are not on the external storage might stop working or become useless . when the external storage is unmounted from the pc , android has to rescan it from scratch ( see media-scanner ) because it can not tell what has changed . there is no way for the phone to let the pc access the internal storage this way : android can not unmount the internal storage , because all apps need access to it , even the system apps . this also means there has to be a separate partition and filesystem for the external storage , which the phone can cope with losing access to . newer android devices often just have one big partition , and the " external storage " is simply a directory there . it is more convenient that way because you do not have free space split between partitions , but you can not use usb mass storage on only a directory . android can not enforce any filesystem security . the pc has complete access to the exported storage , below the filesystem level . this lets it access any file , and read the raw device data to recover deleted files . this might be considered an undesirable security hole . as eldarerathis points out , the external storage has to use the fat32 filesystem to work this way . this is not a shortcoming when it is a real sd card , but when it is really non-removable storage , it would be more useful to use a better filesystem . ( where i say " sd card " here , that means whatever storage your android device calls " external " , even if it is not actually removable . ) in contrast , mtp is higher-level , and allows android to arbitrate and to share access , just like when sharing directories or filesystems over a network . it even opens the possibility of letting the pc access the internal storage this way , but there are other restrictions around that unrelated to mtp . as eldarerathis explains , you need special software to access mtp devices from a mac , because mac os does not have the appropriate software built-in , like windows and some linux distributions do .
it sounds like no one has cracked the latest version of your firmware to allow for root access so you will have to downgrade to an earlier version of your stock rom . you may have already seen all this in your travels but if not , it may help . warning , this is by no means a definitive guide , but it is my best shot : downgrade your firmware : here is an old guide on how to downgrade , but it still should be relevant . here are old roms for your phone . root : this guide over at xda is pretty comprehensive . it was last updated in august , but it looks like it was edited just two weeks ago so it should still be good info . i would read through the thread and to see how it is been working for people . there may actually be more relevant instructions later on in the thread . again , i have no idea if this will work , so proceed at your own risk .
okay , . . . there was no app that i could find that would do this . so , i wrote one . it actually uses home screen shortcuts , not live folders , due to the way they are implemented and the complexity of coding them . if anyone should be interested , i have since rewritten it . . . you can find the new one here : live groups .
go to samsung kies software , on top left of the window , click the menu > driver recovery . let it reinstall drivers after driver installation finished , go to your phone , settings> application > development , tick usb debugging mode . under usb debugging mode connect your phone to the pc with usb . it installs correctly ! disconnect from pc untick usb debugging mode connect again and it works ! courtesy forum . ausdroid .net- usb not working ( mtp restarting )
while the logcat option recommended by ryan of course is a valid possibility , it is not the most user-friendly solution . i have got a better idea : ) apps started automatically after boot registered for a certain event , called BOOT_COMPLETED . to do so , they need to request this permission ( you find it under " more " on the playstore pages ) called " start after boot " ( or , with its technical name , BOOT_COMPLETED -- what a surprise ! ) . so to figure out which apps could potentially be in here , you can use a permission checker . there are many of them in the playstore , but i will mention only two of them to get you started : permissiondog 1 rl permissions 2 both let you browse your apps by permissions , and even try to indicate " potentially dangerous apps " -- nice side-effect in your case ; )
the samsung galaxy tab 2 7.0 does not support any form of video out . the necessary hardware was not included in the design for cost-cutting reasons . only the 10.1 has mhl capability . source : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=37032295postcount=110
according to google i/o , ble will only be supported with android l . ( source : https://plus.google.com/117159045047546859181/posts/79nqfuwxezk )
i have no experience with this specific app , however here 's my two cents on the second half of your question . the android security model is very well thought out . android runs on the linux kernel ( a modified version ) and sandboxes every app through a variety of measures , including running each under a different user account . the biggest legitimate threat you have is installing malicious apps . most likely these will be trojans that ask for reasonable permissions ( reading your sd card , communicating with the network ) and use them for nefarious purposes . if i remember correctly , the malware prevention portion of avg works by scanning apps before you install them , much like desktop virus scans work . this is a reasonable way of protecting you , malicious apps can be added to a database and you are warned if anything you download ( from either the internet or the market ) is known to be bad . the only catch is that google usually removes illegal and malicious app from the play store within a few days of it becoming available . ( i have nothing but anecdotal evidence to back that claim up though ) so if you are installing a lot of apps from sources other than the play store , or you do not trust google to quickly catch malicious apps , installing an anti-virus is probably a good bet .
finally found solution via editing /data/data/com.android.providers.settings/databases/settings.db file via sqlite3 . just adb pull that file to your computer , if you use stock recovery you must mount userdata partition manually , in that case see android adb shell recovery mounting for hints . also you can not just pull the file directly but copy it inside adb shell to your sdcard or some intermediary filesystem . eg . busybox cp sett* /sdcard to get rid of the initial setup : yes , the device_provisioned must be present in both tables . however on the stock jb there was no global table , so you do not need to take care of it and the secure table is missing some records we update here so these need to be inserted instead . on stock jb before editing the settings . db run PRAGMA wal_checkpoint and PRAGMA journal_mode = DELETE described here : stackexchange-url otherwise updates on existing rows will not take effect because android will rollback on reboot . for cyanogenmod 11 just delete the settings . db-journal file and it should be ok . it was neccessary after pushing the settings . db file back to folder on device to chmod 660 settings.db chown system:system settings.db  in this order , because chmod may set the owner and group back to root usb otg mouse is still not working sadly , so i guess i must get access for adb anyway . to enable usb debugging ( adb ) : setprop persist.service.adb.enable 1 ('setprop persist.sys.usb.config mtp,adb' if needed)  settings . db : update secure set value=5037 where name='adb_port'; update global set value=1 where name='adb_enabled';  after booting dialog to confirm pc 's fingerprint appears . to avoid this get your adbkey . pub ( on linux may be located at ~/ . android ) : adb push adbkey.pub /data/misc/adb/adbkey.pub cat adbkey.pub &gt;&gt; adb_keys  after all of this you can input tap|swipe|text anything to control your phone and get access for bluetooth or otg mouse/keyboard etc . i hope this helps . the fingerprint injection is needed for android 4.2.2+ . thanks to xda-developers and android issues with adb security at code.google.com.
the info i am finding suggests that you need a 4-ring trrs connector to use a mic , and that the bundled sound recorder app will ignore this regardless and just use the internal mic , so you will need a different recording app .
check this article out . using m . boomeranggmail . com you can sign in with your gmail account and schedule delivery times for your emails . as of now there is not a standalone app , only the mobile web app . but it will do what you are wanting !
.Trash-1000 is a metafolder like windows 's recycle bin , normally created by ubuntu ( and perhaps other linux variants ) . have you deleted anything on your sd card from your pc ? that would explain it . you can safely delete it . see also : http://superuser.com/questions/169980/what-is-trash-and-trash-1000
@roxan is incorrect , it is not safe to remove stock rom apps . if you do so , any future updates from your carrier/manufacturer will not install . a much safer method is to use an app like titanium backup to ' freeze ' the apps , preventing them from being seen by the system and running/being updated . if you really feel the need to uninstall them , you can use titanium backup to back them up first ( requires root ) . that way you can restore them from backup in the future if you need to apply a rom update .
i think that you have mis-interpreted for applications and all in-app products that you choose to sell on google play to mean all purchases made through apps distributed via google play rather than purchases made using the google play store . when you use the ebay app they do not take payment via google play and therefore do not need to pay google 30% . having said that . . . as mentioned by dan hulme the google play terms prohibit using other payment mechanisms for purchases that are are entirely within the app ( i.e. . excluding magazine subscriptions , other kinds of downloadable content , and purchases of physical goods ) app purchases : developers charging for apps and downloads from google play must do so by using google play 's payment system . in-app purchases : developers offering virtual goods or currencies within a game downloaded from google play must use google play 's in-app billing service as the method of payment . developers offering additional content , services or functionality within another category of app downloaded from google play must use google play 's in-app billing service as the method of payment , except : where payment is primarily for physical goods or services ( e . g . , buying movie tickets , or buying a publication where the price also includes a hard copy subscription ) ; or where payment is for digital content or goods that may be consumed outside of the app itself ( e . g . , buying songs that can be played on other music players ) .
the simplest method is to use the email conversation option from within a conversation . tap the overflow menu ( 3 dots ) , the more > email conversation . that brings up a popup allowing you to either attach media files or send the chat without the media files . there is also whatsapp toolbox which has similar functionality but requires root access .
not very active if you use apps like alogcat . the permissions system regarding to logs was changed with jelly bean : the permission to read logs " read_logs " is now systemorsignature , which means that an app that is not signed with the rom/system key can only view its own log . you can still view the full android log with adb logcat from the sdk . i think that this was a long overdue change in the log system .
i am pretty sure that isnt an option in the default design of android . i have never personally seen an app for such things because most people desire the programs to shut down to keep the speed of the phone up . it is the android system that is shutting unused programs down . the creator of the app would have to design a service to keep it running in the background or possible like an always on calculation or audio so the system would think the program was doing something . that would eat up your battery .
languages support i guess , plus the build number targets the specific si numbers found underneath the battery hence the differences between them , however minor they may be , to target the region itself .
existing app users will still be able to receive app updates , even if you unpublish your app . so a existing user can go through google play > my apps , and review your app . only the new users are unable to find it . source : https://support.google.com/googleplay/android-developer/answer/113476?hl=en
there is a separate downloads app , which shows a list of downloads from all apps . downloads are saved in the " downloads " directory in the sd card , which means that downloaded videos show up in the " downloads " album in gallery .
i do not have an answer to that . i do have a workaround for it though . download this app from the play store called automateit . it is an app that allows you to make the phones to respond to certain situations . you could make a rule for the phone to follow , maybe something like : turn auto sync on when screen is turned on . hope this helps .
have you restarted your device since removing the app ? if you have simply deleted the . apk using root explorer then then it will not have performed the ' cleanup ' that normally happens when uninstalling an application . restarting your device should cause the app drawer to re-detect the installed apps and the icon should disappear . this answer ( relevant part quoted below ) explains a bit about what happens when uninstalling an app ' properly ' , this will not have happened if you have simply removed the apk file . when you uninstall a package , it also removes other data to do with that package : for example , the app 's own private data , its data on the sd card , your default preferences for that app . it also tells any other interested apps that you have removed the app , via an intent broadcast . other apps receiving that broadcast might take further action based on that : for example , a launcher ( home screen app ) would remove desktop shortcuts and widgets from that app , since they will not work any more . also , make sure you have checked /data/app as there may be another apk for google drive there if you have updated the app via the play store . if you remove the apk from here too ( if it exists ) then the icon should disappear . a reboot may still be required .
good question . i believe the answer has been recently changing , because while i was initially under the same impression as saintwacko ( thinking the cutoff was 25 mb ) i have been unable to find any google documentation defining such a limit . what i have found is that the maximum apk ( app ) size is 50 mb . developers can also choose to use up to two apk expansion files to be downloaded along with with the app 's apk , each of which can be up to 2 gb . even for these larger expansion files , though , i could find no mention of wi-fi only download restrictions ( unless explicitly required by the developer ) . i remember seeing the wi-fi download flag you mention on some larger apps that i use personally , but today i have gone back to those same apps and do not see that flag . as best i can tell this policy has changed .
i have solved the issue . the issue is that the memory card was locked by old nokia phone . so i unlocked it and now it is working perfectly . thanks for all your support .
yes . just download the nexus ' camera app onto your samsung device and install it . you will end up with 2 camera and gallery apps . they all have different icons , though , so you can visually see which one you want to open . see the following link for a download link and instructions . use the google camera app to create photospheres . note that to view the photospheres , you must also use the google gallery app ( which is also installed ) . http://www.intellectdigest.in/how-to-install-photosphere-on-samsung-galaxy-s4-without-rooting-on-touchwiz-ui-3529/?modpagespeed=noscript direct download : http://d-h.st/tk6 camera icons gallery icons in adw , i created a folder called camera and changed the icon names for the two camera apps to help distinguish between the two . i do not know if touchwiz can created folders or change the icon labels , though ; i installed adw ex as soon as i got the phone .
launch the google talk app open the overflow menu ( three vertical dots ) and choose Settings . tap the account you are using . check the Mobile indicator option . note : if you are signed in to your google account on a pc ( like if you left your browser open and logged in to gmail ) the mobile indicator may not be displayed . ( for reference : android version 4.1.1 , google talk v . 4.1.1 - 424425 )
you have to have root access to mount the drive as that article is describing ( calling su == becoming root ) . what are you trying to accomplish ? can you push the file to the sdcard instead ( if your device has one ) ?
buy a nexus s device directly from google . they will be the fastest at updating to the latest firmware . and they will always ship with stock android . everyone else is way behind . most are behind because they add customizations to android and have to make their changes , then they have to go through the google approval process . not to mention then having to go through the carriers testing process for deployment .
it turned out it was a faulty usb port on the phone . i have since purchased a new phone and everything works as expected on the new one .
as mentioned in comments , i also have a nexus 4 ( 4.2.2 ) and it daydreams ok when charging ( usb to wall charger ) when set to sleep after 15 seconds . " daydreaming " is triggered when the device goes to sleep ( or when sleep mode would normally be triggered ) . it would seem that if the " stay awake " option is checked in " developer options " then sleep mode is never triggered and the device never daydreams . so , the solution is to uncheck the " stay awake " option . " daydream " is like a conditional stay-awake option . the screen does not switch off and for this reason a device can only be set to daydream when it is connected to a power source .
you can set a navbar on your device by just adding a single line to your build . prop file . qmenu.hw.maikeys=0 also you can disable you current h/w buttons by give a # symbol before <code> key 172 home key 158 back key 139 menu </code> in file /system/usr/keylayout/Generic.kl es file exporer will automatically make a backup for those files . you can use that . bak files if you want to revert . you can edit build . prop file using es file manager app or you can try flashing zip specified here
with 32 gb when i go to settings i can see 25 gb available storage though the device is declared to have 32gb , part of that is reserved for the firmware . the entire 32gb are partitioned : /system for the device-firmware /recovery for the recovery ( see : recovery-mode ) /boot for the boot image /cache for application cache /data for apps and their data ( see : internal-storage ) the 25 gb you see are those from the internal-storage aka /data . this answer only covers the first part of your question . for the second part , we need some more details .
i was able to root my phone using revolutionary . io after all , following the steps described here . however , instead of running ./revolutionary as described on the page , i had to use sudo ./revolutionary to make things work .
i achieve on this using tasker . for the apps in the sd card i created a profile with the context events -> hardware -> card mounted and it loads all apps i want . for the apps in the phone i created a profile with the context events -> system -> device boot and it loads all apps i want . note : the first thing you must do before anything in both of this contexts is wait a few seconds . in the " card mounted " event is to let android load all the apps installed in the memory ( i am guessing ) and in the " device boot " is because after booting android is too busy doing important stuff ( i am quoting tasker guys ) .
you need to differentiate between a " hard reset " ( hover the mouse over that tag : a forced reboot/shutdown by removing power ( take out the battery , usually ) ) and a " factory reset " ( again , mouse-over : a factory reset results in a full reset of an android device to the original settings of the currently-installed rom . ) . hard-reset : here it is unlikely ( though not absolutely impossible ) to lose your stored contacts factory-reset : here it is very sure they are deleted , as all data and all user-installed apps are deleted from the device however , you can make a backup of your contacts . in the contacts app itself , when pressing the menu key , you should find a menu item for " export/import " . select to " export " , and have it save the data to your sdcard . to be absolutely safe , before doing a factory reset copy all the sdcard 's contents to e.g. your pc . after the factory-reset , you can use the very same item in the contacts app to re-import the data . btw : contacts export uses a common file format , which is understood by many other programs as well ( *.vcf which means vcard file ) . it can be read e.g. by gmail ( even the web interface ) or outlook as well . if you have your contacts synced with google , they should be restored automatically once you configured your google account on the device after the factory reset .
yes you can add the email adress from your gapps account via settings > accounts and synchronisation > add account then enter your credentials and you can access your accounts email , contacts and calendar without automatically sharing information from your private calendar with your colleagues . but you need to watch out which account you use creating new calendar entries from now on . after that you need to open your calendar application and press menu > calendar > select the calendars you want to see . if you do not want to see your work emails you can easily decide which items you want to synchronize with your device . merging the calendars is not really necessary since you can view many different calendars in the calendar application .
sounds like it is just not copying sent messageinto your mailbox at all , only keeping them locally . i would assume that is just a shortcoming of the app and you had need to use a different one that supports that feature . the default client is very basic and buggy . have you considered using gmail ? you can configure it ( through the web ) to get mail from an imap account , and then you could use the gmail app ( which is very good ) .
you can use their official update software , it has been called " pc companion " the last time i used it : boot your phone to flashmode ( see also how do i turn on flashmode in sony ericsson ray ? ) update/restore it with pc companion this is mostly for modding , so it will not be that useful to you : you can also flash a . ftf file of your choice ( official or a custom mod ) with flashtool , note however that you need to unlock the bootloader before your phone will boot a mod with an unoriginal kernel . i have however no idea where to find an original firmware image for your xperia play/r800i , you might need to google for that yourself .
you can move any apps to sdcard if you are rooted . there are apps on the market for it move2sd enabler and app swap better yet , if you are using custom roms ( e . g . cyanogenmod ) , some of them have settings to allow you to migrate any apps . you might want to check those out first if you are using custom rom . if you want to do it manually ( not recommended for pregnant man , or those currently having a heart attack ) , then you can use terminal emulator or adb to run a few fairly standard set of linux/unix commands . the mount command can rebind any folder in your filesystem another location in the filesystem . alternatively , you may also create symbolic links using the ln command . see the mount and ln manual for this .
i think the easiest way is to use gnex toolkit : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1392310
it is because apple has to look only over its iphone models , which are less in number . also ios is more efficient ( runs well on old hardware ) . and google also had claimed that kitkat will support low-on hardware devices well , and it does . but the problem with galaxy nexus is that texas instruments , its soc manufacturer has discontinued socs and probably even supporting them , so google had to discontinue software support for it , because the soc manufacturer has an important role in an android upgrade . it approves the software and also provides some essential drivers , and that was not obtained in the case of galaxy nexus , so it did not get an official update from google . if you are interested in running android 4.4 on your gnexus you can look to custom roms like cyanogenmod , omnirom , paranoid android etc . this will require you to unlock bootloader and root your phone .
it has to be related to the website . it is possibly just a pop-up ad . currently there is no known virus for the android platform . there're other forms of malware but no viruses . nevertheless you should always make sure to only install applications from trusted sources .
as it turns out , my sd card was failing . i have since replaced it and all pictures are fine thus far .
one option ( probably the easiest ) would be to install cyanogenmod on your phone . i do not recall offhand if the latest stable release ( 7.0.3 ) is based on 2.3.4 or 2.3.3 , but you could certainly use a nightly build instead which would be 2.3.4 . the forums for the droid can be found here , and they have a section for stable builds and a section for nightly builds that you can take a look at . for detailed instructions on how to prepare and install cyanogenmod , the best resource is their wiki page .
as soon as someone unlock the bootloader ( i do not know if they already done ) someone will come up with a stock default theme rom . you can stay tuned at xda-developers for news about this .
you can use appbrain . up right menu . press " more " -> " popular in . . . ( i am not sure translation ) " -> country example for poland http://www.appbrain.com/apps/country-poland/
it just works , no need to wipe . you do not need to wipe , according to a blog post on cyanogenmod 's google plus channel : upgrading from cm10 to cm10.1 as you may have noticed , we started updating some devices from cm10 ( android 4.1 ) to 10.1 ( android 4.2 ) during the weekend . the upgrade process has been tested extensively for the older devices ( manta and mako did not have that problem since they started out with 10.1 ) , so you should be able to update directly without losing any data . the single application known not to work is the clock : our changes to 4.1 's clock to add the stopwatch and timer in cm10 are not compatible with google 's own implementation of those features in 4.2 ( which we are using in cm10.1 ) ; if your clock starts crashing after upgrading to 10.1 , simply go into the settings -> apps menu , choose clock from the all tab , and hit " clear data " .
easy playlist editor allows filtering by folder and then saving the matches as a playlist .
android shares very little with a typical linux distribution . in fact , this is where richard stallman 's " gnu/linux " distinction comes in handy — android is not really a unix-like general purpose operating system with a linux kernel . it is a new system which happens to use the linux kernel . this goes all the way down to its own custom libc implementation ( called " bionic" ) , which does not necessarily attempt posix compliance . this article from zdnet covers a talk which gives a pretty good overview of the system , and although it is a couple of years old it is still basically correct and helpful .
having a different external display was one of the new features with jelly bean 4.2 you will need a siutable update for your s3 to stand a chance . what level of support you will get then is still in doubt depending upon the real hardware capabilities and what support samsung put in .
basic caveat . it is likely ( and to be expected ) that a firmware ( or os ) upgrade will wipe any user data or settings . these settings are not easily translated / adjusted across such an update . however , most tools will give such a warning before you proceed . in more detail . . firmware update ( rom code ) a firmware update will normally cause all user data , settings , and ( custom loaded ) applications to be lost . this is because many applications and your online identity ( connection to e-store ) are usually firmware specific . exceptions : for only a minor update it may be possible to just replace the firmware , and not disrupt the higher layers . this is only advice for developers and the truly adventurous . your specific case : you are attempting to replace the telstra ( big australian telco ) firmware with ( possibly ) later firmware . this will likely not include any telstra specific applications , and you would need to re-register the phone ( upon completion ) . by then all data , settings , and applications would have been lost . firmware update ( android os ) an android update will normally attempt to retain all user data , settings , and ( custom loaded ) applications . but this is only true for minor update , as major changes will make your existing applications incompatible . for each application , the vendor may provide an update with support for the new version to convert ( or import ) any old data . exceptions : if you are attempting a major android update ( eg . from 3.2 to 4.0+ ) this will very likely not retain ( in any useful form ) any of your settings . your specific case : if you were using kies to update android from 4.0 to 4.0.4 ( or similar ) this should be as painless as ota ( over-the-air ) updates ( prompted on your phone ) . however , it is not clear from your description what type of ' firmware ' ( android or rom ) it is suggesting . note : i have not used kies , as it has no linux support . recommendation : look at syncing or backup tools , to save any user data ( phone numbers , messages , etc . ) to your pc . any applications will be more of a problem , but will still available ( in the online e-store ) to again download .
yes - all android devices will work without a sim card , and can be connected to wifi for an internet connection . edit : just so people know , there is a setting in the build . prop file that determines whether or the not the device can be used without a sim or not . most of the time this is set to allow it , however in rare cases it may be disallowed .
i have succeded in rooting the karbonn smart tab 7 and am apparently the first person on the net to do so . in your face karbonn technical dept . . i have been using it only for a few hours now , and it is working fine ( edit : i have been using it for 4 months now and it still works fine : ) - august '13 ) . here are the steps for any other wanderer in the same plight as i was : the first step is a warning to all users , please be aware of the consequences of rooting before doing so . it should work perfectly , but just to be on the safe side , back up all you data . connect the tab to the computer and enable mass storage mode . also keep in mind that the karbonn smart tab 7 has internal memory and an internal storage card . the internal one cannot be used for the purpose of rooting . you need to put in an external micro-sd card . when you connect the device in mass storage mode , the internal sd card 's name will probably be novo7 . download this file and put it in the root of the external micro-sd . put the tab in recovery mode . for those of you who dont know how to do this , switch off the device and hold the volume down and power buttons till is says " android is upgrading . . . " , and then release the power button but keep holding the volume down button . click on " apply update from sd card and select " crystal_root . zip " . it should install . now reboot it and it is done ! ! ! you can check if the rooting process has been successful by downloading the root checker app from the play store . the app is ( obviously . . . ) used to check if the root is accessible . you will also find that the supersu app has been installed automatically . enjoy ! ! ! p.s. please vote me up ( i would love that ) and also thanks to @izzy for giving me a heads up on how this stuff works .
i would expect it to have an impact on both . an odexed app is optimized , not just precompiled . android runs on a huge variety of hardware , so platform-specific optimizations could result in significant performance gains .
usually the presence of logcat_cp_boot_radio*.log files point to an issue with the phone 's modem . it is possible that when you first rooted the device you flashed a rom which contained a modem firmware that was either old , or slightly incompatible with your current carrier . besides amassing large amounts of these log files , you would see frequent disconnects and reconnects from cell and data services when the radio crashes and restarts . while you can always keep deleting the log files every now and then to free up the memory , the larger issue will persist . in order to resolve the root cause of the ril crash , you will need to install the proper radio firmware . these differ based on geographic location , and sometimes on the carrier . the first step is to find the modem version that is currently installed on your phone . you can find this information in settings -> about phone , under the " baseband version . " it should start with " i19100" , and then followed by some letters and numbers . the letters represent a geographic location : ce---> belgium , luxembourg , netherlands dc---> thailand dd---> india dx---> indonesia , malaysia , philippines , singapore , vietnam dz---> malaysia , singapore ja---> south africa jc---> algeria , morocco , nigeria , south africa , tunisia jp---> arabic , algeria , egypt , iran , iraq , kuwait , morocco , nigeria , oman , pakistan , saudi arabia , syria jv---> tunisia , turkey ug---> north america uh---> latin america , the caribbean xe---> bulgaria , estonia , kazakhstan , latvia , lithuania , russia , ukraine xx---> austria , belgium , france , germany , hungary , united kingdom xw---> austria , belgium , france , germany , hungary , italy , nordic , spain , united kingdom zc---> china , hong kong zh---> hong kong zs---> china , hong kong zt---> taiwan and the numbers represent the version , incremented alphabetically . you should find the latest modem version based on the country you are in , and then flash it on your phone using either odin , or recovery ( must be a custom recovery like clockworkmod or twrp , for example . ) a quick google search yielded this site which contains clockworkmod-formatted modems for the galaxy s2 i9100 variant for various countries . i am not sure how recent it is , but this should start you off in the right direction .
go to settings select security under credential storage select ' clear credentials '
if you are using a profile application to set your volumes in different situations , i guest most of them have the option of changing your screen timeout as well . in my case i am using setting profiles and i can add a new profile that does exactly that in two key press . in setting profiles , there is a widget to set profiles and you can even select a timer with the profiles you set , for instance , to enable the profile " no screen timeout " for the next 5 minutes .
it looks like there is an issue with the exchange server certificates and froyo . i have found a few others with the same issue : exchange 2007 does not work after ota 2.2 update android 2.2 , frf91 now active-sync is unable to connect to server , all was fine on android 2.1 those links have several workarounds that might solve your problem as long as you can get your it team to help figure out what is going on . i have seen several people mention the the touchdown ( appbrain link ) app is not having any problems . touchdown is an alternative to the built-in exchange sync . it might be the easiest solution for you - though it is a paid app - $19.99 as of right now . qr code for the app market :
battery level estimation is usually performed by a special “fuel gauge” chip ; different phone models use different chips . e.g. , samsung gt-i8150 ( galaxy w ) , according to the kernel config , uses the maxim max17043 chip , which , according to its datasheet , does not have any inputs to measure the current — it has only a battery voltage sensor . according to the manufacturer 's description , this chip uses “a sophisticated li+ battery-modeling scheme , called modelgauge™ to track the battery’s relative state-of-charge ( soc ) continuously over a widely varying charge/discharge profile” . some information is available in the datasheet , but details of this “modelgauge” scheme do not seem to be publicly available . btw , the driver used for samsung galaxy w seems to apply some corrections to the charge level returned by the max17043 chip , so probably the estimation performed by the chip is not ideal . other fuel gauge chips ( e . g . , max17047 ) measure both voltage and current , and sometimes also the battery temperature . such chips can probably provide a more precise estimation of the battery charge level . again , the datasheet does not provide all details of the used method . however , even if the fuel gauge chip used in a particular phone can measure the current , accessing that information from android might be impossible for several reasons : the chip might just use the current measurement internally and not expose it to the outside . this is not the case with max17047 — it has registers holding current measurement values , which can be read over the i2c bus . the kernel driver for the fuel gauge chip might not have code to expose the current measurement information to user applications . even if the kernel driver makes the current measurement information available ( e . g . , through some sysfs file ) , android does not have a standard api for such sensors — neither batterymanager nor sensor have anything appropriate for an electrical current sensor . therefore the currentwidget app that you have found may work only on some models for which the developer has information about accessing this nonstandard sensor .
that should be the correct approach . as you noted , time sync needs a source -- so setting up a ntp server on the pc will provide this source . now you need to have some ntp client on your android device . searching google play for " ntp " brings up two of them right on the first page : clocksync ( i use this one , and am quite happy with it ; still running it with the default ntp server configured -- but in your case , you will have to change this : as you can edit the time server used , this should be no issue ) , and ntpsync - time synchronization are two examples running in the background . if you prefer something permanently visible , atomic clock wallpaper seems to be a candidate . just follow the search link for more candidates : )
some parts of the sdk are the same between windows , linux , and mac , and some are not . the developer tools , such as adb , fastboot , and hprof , are native binaries so they are different for each os . the emulator too is different for each os . the android system images for the emulator are the same between the different host oses , so you do not need to download these again . the android.jar files containing the android framework library itself are also the same between the different host oses . it has to be this way because the jar files are compiled into your app . if you are not sure what to update , it is probably best to just start a fresh installation of adt . that way you are sure to end up with a working version , and there is no risk of failing to update something you should have , or mimatched versions . it might seem that you are wasting time by downloading some of the same things again , but at least you will be able to trust your tools . if you try and frankenstein your installation to save downloading , then even if you manage to do it right , you will suspect it is broken every time you have an unusual bug , and you will waste more time in the long run .
i use smestorage . i actually use 2 storage clouds on it . my home webdav server and skydrive . my files physically reside on my home webdav server and on skydrive . i have a phone to skydrive folder sync setup through the smestorage app for some docs/files . smestorage has the ability to encrypt files uploaded to it and then decrypt on the fly from the client , which suits me . it uses aes-256 and does not store the private key so if you lose the key your stuffed but again this approach suits me .
the stereo supports bluetooth hands-free but not bluetooth audio , which is used to stream music , so no , this is not possible . for more information see bluetooth profile on wikipedia and compare hands-free profile ( which the stereo supports ) and a2dp ( which it does not ) . theoretically , you could stream music through the hfp but the quality would be terrible , like listening to music in a phone call .
the model does not matter , but the protocol does . the currently dominant standard is the qi standard ( pronounced " chi" ) developed by the wireless power consortium . this is the standard used by the nexus 4 , 5 , and 7 , as well as the galaxy s4 , and several htc , motorola , and nokia devices . other less used standards include duracell 's powermat system and the touchstone system used by palm and hp . none of these protocols are intercompatible . as a general rule , anything qi should work with anything else qi , however it may not work well . there are numerous shoddy charging pads on the market and the one you linked is probably one of them . it appears identical to one i purchased and it does not function well . the range is poor ( it will not charge through a case of any kind ) and it charges very slowly . i can not speak for the quality of the receiver they offer though .
i would start by trying the android contributors google group . here is a thread on reviewing googles own catalan translation work , for example .
does flashing a new kernel require flashing a new rom ? it depends . you can not normally flash a 2.3 kernel over a 2.2 rom , and so on . you can not flash a cyanogenmod kernel on a stock rom in most cases , and vice versa . but you should be able to flash any android x . x stock-based kernel over any android x . x stock-based rom . for example , there are no issues flashing a 2.2 voodoo kernel on my 2.2 stock-based bionix rom for my sgs vibrant . will flashing a new kernel wipe the data ? not usually . when flashing a lagfix rom such as voodoo that does advanced partitioning and formatting , there can occasionally be issues that will make you lose data . as well , update packages can include scripts to automatically wipe the data . you should carefully read the official description of any kernel to see if it mentions wiping data . i have flashed dozens of kernels and only lost data once , and that was probably my fault ; i had a fairly non-standard configuration . it is always good to do a backup if you can . some roms recommend or automatically perform data wipes to eliminate any incompatible data between the two roms , but this is normally not an issue for kernels . how can i see which kernels are compatible with which roms ? again , any rom based on stock is normally compatible with any kernel based on a stock kernel fromt the same android version . if you have concerns i would first search the xda posts for the kernel and the rom to see if you can find anyone who has used them in combination .
there are many for android , this two seem to perform the tasks mentioned by " track and share " ( additionally , you can check the left column from google play store for related apps ) : time recording - timesheet app timesheet manager - easy to use , highly adaptive . manage your timesheet . check in and out task assignment daily and detailed notes overview of day , week , month data export and email as csv , html or xml integrated backup and restore check the lifehacker review . daily task tracker keep track of your tasks that you repeat on a daily basis . this app allows the user to keep track of daily tasks that are important to them . add each task and then throughout the day or at the end of the day check off the ones that were completed .
absolutely ! you can either download a ready made one - like kws - android web server or write your own - here 's some code to integrate in to your project or just use as is
found it myself : k-9 mail @ google play
the nfc feature does not sit in the battery , only the antenna does . nfc consists of : an integrated chip ( soldered onto the logic board ) an nfc antenna that needs free view to the phone 's back side ( antenna signals from the sticker on the back of the battery only need to pass the back cover ) if you look at the antenna you will notice how big it is . it is basically just a coil with 4 windings , see ifixit is teardown . nfc allows for passive devices ( credit cards and such ) which need to be fed energy from an active device through the antenna . some engineer decided its best fit would be as a sticker on the battery . there is only 2 positions where you can place it : back of the battery inner side of the battery cover ( like with the nexus s ) my guess is this : by placing it on the battery , the expensive and big 2-point connector ( as with the nexus s ) could be merged together with the battery contacts to make it cheaper ( and/or maybe more robust ) .
after hours of searching on the net and string of emails with the customer care i received a call from a member claiming to be from the technical team . the end result of the call was that there is no hdmi setting in the settings panel and the only way to display content on to the tv using hdmi is through the stock " vortex " player , which basically has no options than to change volume , display mode and the tracker . i could not find any info on this player 's version or if there is any update for it that could help . also my search for some effective alternative like realhdmi for droidx almost has hit a dead end . marking this as answered to serve as information source for people who buy this product and hope i might receive some effective alternatives in the future .
not only the screen is a main consumer . based on the motorola droid , i can give you some data to compare : as you can see , there are clearly compontents/actions with a much higher energy consumptions -- but the display gives you good potential to reserve some . data source is an article at heise . de called energiesparplan ( google translate version here ) .
i have managed to deal with this problem by performing a " soft reset " . hold down the power button for around 30 seconds , the device should start a soft reset ( i.e. you do not lose any data/settings etc . ) and reboot . -- why it blocked and prevented me from performing a screen unlock remains to be explained .
my t-mobile vibrant ( samsung galaxy s ) just received a ota update from t959uvjfd to t959uvji6 . it appears that this may have fixed the problem you are describing . it no longer is a problem for me after this update was installed . it is also mentioned at the xda-developers site along with other changes that were included in the update .
well , i tried " business calendar " which seems a lot less flaky and is free , so i guess the answer is to switch to another calendar application .
easy tether from mobile stream should work . it is a way to share your internet connection with another device via usb . get the lite version ( does not support https , or tethering to gaming consoles ) or the full version . supports windows 7/vista/xp ( 32-bit and 64-bit ) , mac os x 10.7/10.6/10.5/10.4 , ubuntu 10.4+ and fedora 13+ full version supports the following : tether ps3 , wii , xbox via pc internet connection sharing , you need a computer for game console tethering .
holding the power button brings up the " power options " menu . in there you can choose the profile .
your device is not rooted at all . without su binary , you can not assume command as root .
the following short procedure should work : press power button ( enable the screen ) hold power button for 1 second ( new required step on android 4.2.2 , not needed on 4.2.1 ) press volume up or down until phone vibrates optionally press power button again ( turn off screen ) the idea is to enable the screen first , because then volume buttons would be enabled to change ringer volume ( when screen is off they only work for music volume if it is playing ) . then depending on what volume you had set you need to press volume up or down : if volume was set to silent , press volume up once , the phone should vibrate , now the phone is in vibrate only mode if volume was set to regular ringtone , press volume down several times until phone vibrates . now phone is in vibrate mode . pressing volume down again would enable silent mode . so you need to press volume down or up until you feel single vibrate and the you can leave the phone as is and it should turn off screen after short time by default . there should not be much risk leaving screen enabled in a pocket for a while , but if you want you can press power button again to disable screen , but you risk pressing volume keys again which might either put phone in silent mode or enable ringtone . full procedure that should always work : press power button ( enable lock screen ) press volume down up to 7 times until phone vibrates then stop the procedure ( this assumes there are 9 levels of volume , see below ) if phone not vibrated press volume up ( you were probably in silent mode ) , phone should vibrate if phone not vibrated repeat the procedure only one more time ( maybe screen was enabled and first step turned it off ) optionally if phone vibrated , press power button once to turn off screen phone changes between following states when pressing volume up/down keys : maximum volume . . . . . . medium volume . . . . . . minimum volume vibration only no sound , no vibration - silent mode the procedure was tested on galaxy nexus , but since nexus 4 is very similar ( same button layout/number , os version , nexus brand ) it should also work for it . update : since android 4.2.2 changing volume on lock screen as described above does not work . there is additional step needed : holding power button for at least 1 second when screen is enabled . this will bring the " power off/airplaine mode " dialog and volume buttons will work there .
i had the same issue . found this solution on another site : open " settings " app go to " sim card manager " tap on " data service network " choose the sim as the data sim note that only the first sim slot supports 3g internet . so if you want to use 3g you must plug your 3g sim in the first slot .
engadget has just reported that the nexus s is having issues with random reboots ( http://www.engadget.com/2011/02/15/nexus-s-suffering-from-random-data-loss-reboots/ ) and apparently fixes are coming . to see the log you can get the following app : alogcat
@liam 's comment in my question was correct . the max character value is hard-coded into the reader . apk file . therefore , the answer to my question is no . . . unless you modify the program itself . i made changes to the file to increase the limit ; details can be found at this xda forum post . because the solution required programming , i will not post the entire answer here , as programming is outside the scope of the android site .
once i unchecked automatic date and time and automatic time zone on date and time settings , everything worked perfectly .
each user account has its own lockscreen settings , so the easiest way to do this is to simply use a password lockscreen for each user . in fact , you can use entirely different lockscreen security for one user than you do for another ( e . g . one could use a pattern , one a pin , one a slide lock , etc ) . to set this up , select a user and unlock the device , then go into settings => security => screen lock and select the " password " option ( you could also use pin or pattern , of course ) . set the desired password , then lock the device . repeat this process for each of the other user accounts to set up individualized passwords for each one .
i have found a solution to fix that . i went to system settings > motion control and there i had " video set to pause when looking away " . after disabling that it is not auto pausing anymore .
as far as i know , swype only comes in two sets : full ( all languages ) and a english/spanish set . however , there is a hidden feature : you can swype from the swype key to the q key to switch between your current language and the last language you used .
you might want to use some package inspector like e.g. app detective to see what receivers the app in question has set up . most likely it is acting on some broadcast , such as e.g. " sdcard mounted " , to check for media , or " network changed " to check for other dlna services . if your device is rooted , you might be interested in apps like rom toolbox or autorun manager , which allow you to disable selected receivers , or even freeze the entire app . without root , you can try whether that app can be disabled in settings → apps . it is either running for nothing or ( these days it is no longer called " paranoia" ) working for somebody else , if you do not use it yourself .
the default kernel ( dark core ) is derived from the voodoo kernels , but the lagfix is disabled by default . for example , the v9.5 description on xda has the following note : new kernel > > dark core v1.0 inside ! i9000 , i9000m , i9000t only ( cappy users choose speedmod or skip kernel ) customized and built by ficeto [ team darky dev crew ] based on supercurio’s latest voodoo sound 6 , lagfix and color - thanks a ton , mr . supercurio if you install on top of a kernel with voodoo enabled already then you should be fine ( and i do not believe it will disable it , but you can re-enable if it does ) . there are a handful of threads on the darky forums that talk about some of the nuances to this , but here are a couple : the quick start guide - recurrent questions ( the " recommendations prior to flashing a rom " section talks about lagfixes ) . activate lagfix in 9.2 ? what is a lagfix and how to enable or disable it ( this one is kind of goofy but still helpful )
indeed . since you are rooted , i suggest you use the freeware sytrant . it also allows you to choose which time server you wish to sync from as well as allowing a user to specify a daily interval at which the time can be updated automatically .
your best bet would be to go with either launcherpro : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.fede.launcher my personal favorite , or adw : https://market.android.com/details?id=org.adw.launcher both provide customization to the dock ( set of icons at the bottom ) , number of homescreens , transitions , app drawer effects , as well as custom themes and widgets . note : there are free versions of both , but the paid versions add more features . while you can cover up some of what samsung has done , things like the notification bar and lockscreen are not affected by these apps . in some cases rooting and/or installing custom roms would be required to manipulate them .
it is funny you ask this since gmail just came out today with functionality that allows for different ringtones to be set for different labels ( using custom label notifications . ) this might not be perfect since you would need to specify a label per contact to make it work , but it could serve your needs .
this appears to be a bug related to the underlying issues with 802.1x eap authentication in the motorola triumph 's software / wi-fi firmware or wherever the bug is that causes the reboots i mentioned in my original question . short answer : do not use 802.1x eap networks . they will cause problems with the triumph .
i have found out more about this variant ! hopefully this helps people in my situation . this device is on a canadian network called wind mobile . the model m919v can use the same roms as the t-mobile variant , which is m919 . i have flashed cyanogenmod nightlies on it , it runs awesome , and even for a nightly it is very battery efficient and stable . strongly recommend it to anyone . i had to use ouhds instead of clockworkrecovery ( they re the same things though ) . it still goes through odin , but you will have to follow the instruction online . there are a few sets of instructions that can be found through google . these are the instructions i followed : http://droidviews.com/2013/root-and-install-cwm-recovery-on-sprint-galaxy-s4-sph-l720-and-t-mobile-galaxy-s4-sgh-m919/ *i am not responsible for any damage you cause to your device , just sharing my thoughts/ experience .
in android , every application runs as a separate user . in the linux kernel , each process is owned by a single user , therefore it is not possible to run multiple dalvik applications on a single linux process . the overhead of running multiple dalvik vm instance is lightweight because linux fork() system call is copy-on-write , a write to a shared cow page will cause a " page fault " and that page will be copied ; so even though most of the vm 's memory region in the ram is shared there are no " shared state " between vms . forking processes provides only state isolation , but not privilege isolation . dalvik vm should not be considered a security boundary that is because the vm cannot enforce a security boundary . the vm is running on user mode ( the same mode as the program it is executing ) , which means a bug in the vm might allow the application to modify vm state in a way that is not intended ; the kernel , however , runs in privileged mode and can enforce security boundary .
native binaries ( as the mkfs.* tools are ) need to be compiled for the platform they should run on . so if you take the mkfs.ext3 from your ubuntu workstation , which probably is either x86 or x86-64 , it will not work on your android device , which most likely uses arm architecure .
it is not possible to guess the " name of the manufacturer " , as they have not even provided that information on tablet itself . if you want to use android kitkat on the tablet , you can try some custom roms such as cyanogenmod , with any available binary image for a tablet with almost all specifications same as your 's , including processor , ram , nand etc . and i am not sure whether this will work or not . so make sure to have a complete backup .
three methods available , depending from where are you accessing google : google play app usually uses the language defined on your device settings : tap your device " home" ; tap " settings" ; locate " language and keyboard " and tap ; under " select language " you can define the language for your device that is also used by the google play app as to present you the information on your language . accessing from a browser : the google play store sets the language by your ip address , you can update that definition by changing it at the footer ( it will persist ) : for all google products : from gmail , you can access your account settings and set the language that you prefer for google products : login to your gmail account ; on the top right corner , click " account" ; on the left vertical menu , click " language " .
the issue is solved . afaicu , there was possibly a problem with android update hosting site or somewhere on a trace to it , because the device was connected to and was capable of browsing internet without a problem , including google.com. after some time , even without updating the progress indicator , the device displayed Install &amp; Reboot button . after this all goes well . so , the answers are : android provides cumulative update to 4.4.2 , at least for nexus 7 ( 2013 ) . android should improve the way how it shows status information . if it encounters some problems with downloading an update , it should output something like " connection timeout , trying to reconnect . . . " instead of just " downloading " all the time . also the progress indicator may have a bug preventing it from proper ui update in similar sitations .
some vendors set up their phones to reinstall system applications at boot in case they go missing . try finding a directory that contains a copy of the apk that is used to reinstall it , and delete it from there . a simple alternative solution is to freeze the unwanted apps rather than uninstalling them . titanium backup and link2sd can help you with that ( both require root ) . in ics+ , there is also a user-accessible mechanism to deactivate apps from the settings menu .
a locked bootloader means that you will not be able to install software updates ( or flash recoveries , roms ) that has not been signed by the manufacturer/carrier . so the answer is " yes , you can flash an unsigned rom but it will not get loaded by the locked bootloader " .
background android has specific rules regarding the installation of applications and their physical location . it works like and hierarchical structure : if the app has a specified location by the developer , this takes priority . if it is not specified in the app , then the default install location is used . android has 3 identifiers for app storage location : that may be mentioned on the application manifest android:installlocation : " internalonly": the application must be installed on the internal device storage only . if this is set , the application will never be installed on the external storage . if the internal storage is full , then the system will not install the application . " auto": the application may be installed on the external storage , but the system will install the application on the internal storage by default . if the internal storage is full , then the system will install it on the external storage . " preferexternal": the application prefers to be installed on the external storage ( sd card ) . there is no guarantee that the system will honor this request . the application might be installed on internal storage if the external media is unavailable or full , or if the application uses the forward-locking mechanism ( not supported on external storage ) . old applications may have no choice but to install on the internal storage , as per the google documentation : the ability for your application to install on the external storage is a feature available only on devices running api level 8 ( android 2.2 ) or greater . existing applications that were built prior to api level 8 will always install on the internal storage and cannot be moved to the external storage ( even on devices with api level 8 ) . what can i do ? you can manage the installed applications and set their storage location , all from one place : tap " home " to return to your device home screen ; tap your device " menu " button ; depending on your device , you either have to : tap " manage apps" ; tap " settings " > " applications " > " manage applications " . now access the third tab where it reads " usb storage " or " on sd card " ( again , varies with the device ) ; here are listed all the applications that are allowed to be moved to your external storage , tab over one to bring up more options about it ; when the application details panel opens , you have a button " move to sd card " , use it to move that application to your external storage ; press " back " to return to the list . if you have moved the app to the external memory , you will notice that a green tick is present on the right side on the list , to let you know that the application file is currently on your external storage . this is a safe guide to have your os managing the applications and moving then from internal storage to external storage without hacks or tricks . you can read all about it on the google official documentation .
i found the following but i do not think this is a definitive answer though it looks close to what i need , secure end-to-end encryption with no chance of snooping/sniffing/mitm . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/off-the-record_messaging#phone_apps i was not fully aware of otr though i had heard the term used elsewhere but did not know the full implications . i think otr is what i am looking for . still looking for further input though .
you do not " unroot " per se with odin ; you just flash a stock , unrooted rom that wipes out everything currently on the phone . it should not matter whether you use odin or heimdall . note also that unrooting will not matter if you have flashed anything with odin , since that also voids your warranty and is recorded on the device .
open the google-maps application . select an area you want to save the map for . once the red pin appears you will have the street name at the bottom of the screen and the ' route ' icon . swipe this white box upwards . one of the options is Save map to use offline
usb otg stands for usb on-the-go . this allows your phone to use usb devices ( e . g . mice , keyboards , external usb drives ) through a microusb to usb adapter . the mhl adapter allows your device to connect via hdmi to a tv or monitor . the statement that it can power the device just means that it can both charge/power the phone and allow hdmi output via the mhl adapter . to get that power , though , it requires your power cable to be connected , as hdmi does not provide power . not all mhl adapters can do this .
since android uses linux as kernel /dev/kmem exists . it is a virtual character device file that is an image of the main memory of the computer . you can simply dump it with cat /dev/kmem &gt; file  but only as root .
i am going to go out on a limb and say that the htc hero does not have enough cpu to handle the audio codecs . you may have some success rooting it and overclocking the cpu , but it'll shorten the life of your hardware and void your warranty .
thanks to eldarerathis comment . indeed , i was able to set needed resolution by modifying kernel boot parameters . instead of video=-16 in kernel boot options i use video=uvesa UVESA_MODE=1024x768 and all is working in native monitor resolution ! more detailed description is here ( in russian language ) .
install avast . enter its firewall section ( requires root access to work ) and allow/deny apps in roaming column ( wi-fi and home cell access will be untouched ) . avast 's firewall provides two modes : block selected and allow selected . choose any as per your requirement . use my data manager if you want to track data usage of individual apps . it has dedicated roaming section . it can help you in creating firewall rules or lowering data usage of important apps .
i also had this issue . i am using lg gt540 . when using default lg home screen , i can change the lockscreen wallpaper . but if i use any other launchers the option is not there . now what i am doing is : i will switch to lg homescreen just for changing the wallpaper and then will switch back to launcherpro . you should do something like this . i know this is not the answer you are looking for ; i am just giving you some hints .
make a backup uninstall the amazon copy install btep from the play store open titanium backup and select your btep backup . as long as the app is installed at the time , it will give you the option to restore data only :
root will not be necessary , the android api allows apps to set the output file format to . mp4 . so you just need to find an app that makes use of it . but , as with most video file extensions , .avi and .mp4 are just container formats . therefore the actually used video codec , that is responsible for the quality of the video , is not changed by changing the container format . the android api itself recommends to use .3gp as container format for better compatibility . using an mpeg-4 container format may confuse some desktop players . source i am not aware of an android video recording app that actually saves the video with h . 264/avc compression . i think that this is because of the royalty fee one has to pay to use the codec .
i have been experiencing this as well on the same build/phone . a user on this thread claims that m5 may be much less error prone . i have not reverted to m5 yet myself . when this error loop happens to me , i hold down the power button and try to select " reboot " between the times when i hit ok in the " unfortunately . . . " box .
in the context of android , more ram means android can keep more sleeping program in the ram so they will be ready to be quickly resumed when you return back to the apps . more ram means android is going to spend less of its time killing and reloading apps from the internal memory/sd card , and instead spend more time doing actual work you care about . this means that more ram usually give you better/faster task-switching . also , more ram means your homescreen is less likely to be killed ; and you will not experience that 10-second-wait-that-feels-like-forever . having more ram also allows you to run complex apps that naturally requires a lot of memory , e.g. photo/video editor , complex games , etc . a higher cpu is able to calculate things much faster , while this might look tempting at first , it is notable that most programs -- except for games and synthetic benchmark and possibly flash-heavy webpages -- are i/o-bound and not cpu-bound ; in other word , most programs are waiting for network transmission , flash storage reads , dma reads , touch event processing , etc to finish , instead of waiting for some calculations . in cpu-bound application , increasing cpu speed can mean less latency between touching the screen and the screen updating to reflect the touch event . however , up to a certain point , there will be no longer any noticeable benefit of adding even more cpu ; beyond a certain point , the input turnaround will be much faster than our own brain 's turnaround time ( approx . 100-200ms ) and we will not be able to perceive the benefit of adding even faster cpu . also , note that input-to-output turnaround time depends on a large number of other factors , e.g. the latency of the cables , speed of the bus , etc . second , having some extra cpu time to spare also means that android can assign those spare cpu cycles to background processes , so background processes can run better . summary more ram : better task-switching can run more complicated apps or open larger/more complex files more cpu : faster turnaround between input and response ( less lag ) on cpu-bound apps better background processing in short , both are equally important ; your own personal usage pattern will determine which is more valuable for you . if you generally stays in a single program and is sensitive to input-to-output latency then having faster cpu will be more valuable for you ; if you constantly task switch between many different apps or if you need to run complex memory-hungry apps to open complex large files , then having extra ram is going to be more valuable to you .
android tracks events that affect battery usage and stores this information in batterystats . bin file . some examples : length of time screen was on with a specific brithness setting which application ( or non android app process ) and how long held a wake lock ( prevents device from sleeping ) cpu usage per process ( android app or other process ) phone signal strength gps usage etc . android computes how much power each application or component ( e . g . screen ) uses based on configuration information included on the device by the manufacturer . not everything is measured so the statistics can be sometimes misleading , but it gets better with every android platform release . battery statistics can be dumped from the device using : adb shell dumpsys batteryinfo  here is interesting fragment of a post by diane hackborn with more details about wake locks power consumption : there are two ways power from wake locks is computed . on some chipsets , simply holding a wake lock needs to prevent the cpu from going to a full deep sleep . in the reported battery usage , this extra power use will be distributed across all apps holding wake locks . even if the wake lock itself does not cause power use , holding a wake lock in one app can allow other applications to run and cpu when they would not otherwise . ( for example , some app may have a { sleep ( 1 ) ; do something ; } loop that would not run if no wake locks are held . ) to address this , half of the cpu usage of applications is distributed to be blamed on the ones holding wake locks .
yes you can . there are a number of utilities around to do backup and restore , as well as other options . i recently moved from the htc magic to the desire hd . the way i did it was to use a free appbrain account . this has a few advantages , in my opinion : you can search for , read about and tag for installation , applications , on your computer , with a larger screen/keyboard etc . you can organise apps into groups if you have multiple android devices . you can share your apps with other people . you can check out appbrain at http://www.appbrain.com/ if you just want straight backup and restore , titanium backup , as mentioned by others , is a good choice . ( http://www.matrixrewriter.com/android/ ) you can also find both of them in the android market .
there is sleep bot tracker log and sleep logger . they do not seem to directly connect to google health , but they let you export data ( one does csv , the other does not specify ) .
resistive touch and capacitive touch will operate the apps the same way , the same way a laser and a mechanical mouse are two different technologies designed to do the same thing for the user . both have their advantages and disadvantages , for instance try using your capacitive iphone screen with gloves or finger nails , it wont work . a capacitive screens are known to be more accurate in general , although some nokia n900 users would argue that point . if you are buying a cheap tablet , i would not expect a resistive screen to be as accurate or responsive as a capacitive screen used on most mainstream models out there . you should be able to pan zoom even if the screen only supported "2 points " multitouch i would not stress about that . all pdf viewers will be compatible its a matter of trying a few out for yourself one by one , probably start with the official adobe pdf reader and go from there , everyone will have different tastes in what they want from a pdf viewer app . keep reading if you are still interested , http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/touchscreen#technologies
from what i know ( and by no means am i an expert on rooting ) the phone with the red triangle is the standard htc recovery mode , not the clockworkmod recovery . so my guess is that your rooting method is not working correctly . so , what method are you using and is your desire branded / locked to a network ? when i rooted my desire a few weeks back , i struggled to get clockworkmod installed - i was using the unrevoked method . i ended up having to factory reset the device to be able to install it , which is always an option , but you will lose all your saved date ( i am having to replay all the angry birds levels ) .
some people are reporting success by simply wiping data and cache first , then flashing the rom , wiping cache again , then flashing the gapps package . thread on the cm forums here ( from cm 6.1.1 , do not know if it is a related or similar problem , though ) . the flash might not work on a 2 . x release of cwm . you can get 3.0.0.5 here , but i do not know how stable it is right now . the filesystem changed to ext4 in gingerbread and i know the 2 . x releases are not really supported on other devices . they also changed from one update scripting language to another , which i think is related . it creates generally weird behavior from what i have read . . . edit : also looks like you can get cwm 3.0.2.8 from the cyanogenmod forums now . some relevant discussion can be found on xda here ( from the desire hd section ) . edit : since bryan noted that this solved it for him in the comments : it is also possible to simply push the apps manually onto the system partition . the safest way is probably to boot into recovery , then just mount /system as rw and adb push the . apk files to /system/app . you probably could do it from a regular boot ( not in recovery ) but it might cause some weird behavior ( and i have not personally tried this ) .
settings > language and keyboard > samsung keypad > auto-capitalization .
there is a rather large number of speaking clock apps in the android marketplace . specifically , the " speaking clock " app seems to do what you are after , and it is free .
is it a google apps account ? if so , you need to flick some settings in the domain manager : Settings-&gt;Calendar-&gt;Share all information and/or Share all information, and outsiders can change calendars . have you tried going into the calendar settings and checking `share this calendar with others ' ? wait a while . google calendar settings changes often take a while to propagate , i have found ( at least with google apps ) . possibly because the server i am making my changes on is different from the server that my phone is hitting up .
as phones with significant amounts of internal storage became prevalent , android started to store application and user data on the same partition . as the latter was traditionally stored on an sd card , these phones now call it an " internal sd " card , although no actual sd card is used . in this arrangement , it makes no sense to " move apps to the ( internal ) sd card " , because it would still reside on the same internal partition , occupying the same space , so these implementations of android do not have this button . sadly , they did not feel the need to allow moving apps to the external sd , because they thought the internal storage could not reasonably be exhausted simply by installing apps - or that this option would confuse users . so , you can not move apps to the external storage . you can , however , move personal data ( e . g . music , videos , pictures ) to the external sd which will free up space to install apps on . also , if you have root on your phone , you could create an additional partition on your external sd card and move apps there using an application or script designed to do that - my favorite is link2sd , you can look it up in the play store .
press the Volume Down and Power buttons at the same time and hold them for a second or so ( this is the vanilla behavior , at least ; source ) . by default on my device it will save to /sdcard/Pictures/Screenshots ( or whatever your equivalent " external storage " path is , i assume ) .
from everything i have read about this topic , it is possible to do on a linux machine , but not with a windows machine . this could be because of something with adb on windows , or the usb drivers for windows . here is the info ( note that this reference was done with a nexus one ) : requirements : android 2.2 ( or an older version with a root tethering app ) adb from android sdk , or a rooted android 2.2 with terminal in root mode step 1: device : connect usb cable and activate usb tethering . you should see on linux new network interface . step 2: on linux computer , setup a bridge : usb0 is the new network intreface eth0 is the main interface connected to internet ( or a gateway ) $ sudo ifconfig eth0 0.0.0.0 $ sudo ifconfig usb0 0.0.0.0 $ sudo brctl addbr br0 $ sudo brctl addif br0 eth0 $ sudo brctl addif br0 usb0 $ sudo ifconfig br0 up $ sudo dhclient br0 see network connection bridge help to setup bridges step 3: setup usb0 interface of your phone . you have to options : from your computer , execute : . /adb shell netcfg usb0 dhcp or in a root terminal on your phone , type : su netcfg usb0 dhcp you should now be able to connect to internet on your phone using your computer 's internet connection . try to do a ping www.google.com to be sure step 4: to shut down the reverse-tethering , first unbridge interfaces on your computer : $ sudo ifconfig eth0 down $ sudo ifconfig usb0 down $ sudo ifconfig br0 down $ sudo brctl delbr br0 $ sudo ifconfig eth0 up $ sudo dhclient eth0  then on your phone , uncheck the usb tethering option
launch the emulator from the command line so that you can specify a /system partition size using the -partition-size &lt;MB&gt; option . for example , i use this to launch an emulator running android 1.6 with a /system partition of 512 mb : emulator -avd Donut -partition-size 512  . . . where " donut " is whatever you named your avd ( you can check in eclipse 's avd manager if you need to ) . the emulator binary should be in your tools/ directory within your sdk install , which for you appears to be C:\android\android-sdk-windows\tools , so be sure you cd into that directory first ( or add it to your system 's %Path% ) . eclipse may not pick up the emulator right away , or it may recognize it and then drop the connection . if either of those happens , click the view menu on the devices tab ( the little arrow next to the minimize button ) and select " reset adb " to get the connection back . once it shows up in your devices , do what you were trying to do earlier . run adb remount to get the /system partition in read-write mode , then use eclipse to push the file wherever you want . i tested with a couple of random files a minute ago and was able to push them to /system/xbin without any trouble . for reference , here 's the partition size and use of /system on my donut emulator when i specify a 512 mb partition : &gt; adb shell df ... /system: 508416K total, 61332K used, 447084K available (block size 4096) ...  but here 's how it looks if i launch without specifying a size : &gt; adb shell df ... /system: 65536K total, 61204K used, 4332K available (block size 4096) ...  additionally , you can set command line options in your application 's run configuration via eclipse if you want to . go into your java perspective , then select Run-&gt;Run Configurations from the menu bar . select your application in the left pane , and then pick the " target " tab . at the bottom is a text box labeled " additional emulator command line options " , and you can add -partition-size &lt;MBs&gt; to that text box so that the emulator launched when you run your application will have a larger /system partition . note : you may have to add also -no-snapstorage or other options , to disable loading the existing snaphot , to the command line . it did not work without it for me .
if you are referring to the google maps android application ( aka maps ) , the star option is available from within the location details : open the " maps " app ; search or navigate to the desired location ; tap over the balloon with the location name ; after the location options page opens , you will find on the top/right corner a star ; tap the star and that location is now starred by you . access the starred locations navigation app in the navigation app , swipe left to see your " starred " locations . tap the one you want to get your navigation directions . maps app tap the top/left app icon , just before the search box and select " my places " .
swiftkey stores personalized predictions in the sd card but probabily in a hidden file . in order to change your predictions i think you should reset your typing data under advanced in the app . afterwards , you have to re-teach your expressions ( 3-4 times the same words ) . hope this helps
paid apps are tied to an google account . but this is because of the google framework and not because of android . no one needs to " remove drm from android " because there is no drm within android . only support for it . if you install free ( as in beer ) apps , everyone can use them . there is only one imitative that goes one step further then being drm-less : android foss apps @ http://f-droid.org/
many questions in one , but all connected -- so i will give it a try : you can device those apps in two categories , basically : those which work " similar " to the native app2sd , and those which do not . there are several rules an app must obey to be " allowed " for installation on sd card . apps installed on sd card can e.g. not automatically start at boot time ( as the boot_completed event is broadcast before the card is mounted ) . they also may not offer widgets , services , alarms , and some other things -- as those functionalities would break when the sd card gets " removed " ( e . g . when mounted to the pc ) . all these rules are obeyed by the native method . those " advanced app2sd " helpers which " move more apps " mostly ignore some of these rules . the app will work nevertheless , but maybe some of its features are broken . and then there is at least one app working completely different : link2sd . this app simply creates " symbolic links " to the sdcard ( after copying the app/data over there ) , and thus fool the system which still thinks they are on internal storage . by using a separate partition on the card ( which will be " invisible " when connected to the pc , and thus not mounted ) it works around some of the caveats -- a trick some of the above mentioned " advanced app2sd apps " also play . this variant obviously requires root , as it handles apps and their data itself -- which is not possible for a non-root app . same applies to some of the above tools when they offer to move app data / dalvik cache to the card , which is also not possible without root .
the maximum size allowable for an android app on the android market is 50mb . [ 1 ] the maximum size allowable for an iphone app on the app store is approximately 2gb . [ 2 ] to answer your question , when you download the android version of this game , you are downloading an application that will download all of the data files either to your phones internal memory or sd card . due to the nature of the game , this is likely to account for the majority of the size difference unless different compression methods are used for resources such as the sound , textures and 3d models . the iphone 's app store has a much bigger file size limit which in this case means that all of the resources can be bundled into the initial download . the phone will not have to fetch any additional resources . [ 1 ] http://support.google.com/androidmarket/developer/bin/answer.py?hl=enanswer=113469 [ 2 ] stackexchange-url
this turned out to be a hardware issue . i had two relatively pleasant conversations with tech support at google play and asus . since it was a new purchase i just returned it .
estimated , at least 50% of the questions starting with " is there a way ( settings or app ) . . . " can be answered straight away with the " big t " -- tasker . that is an automation tool which does not come cheap ( about 5 bucks ; a free trial is available at its homepage ) , but is worth every cent . it works with so-called " profiles " , where each profile consists of conditions and a task . so let me propose such a profile for you : condition : cell near ( set this up at work , let tasker record all " cells near" ) 1 state &rarr ; headset plugged ( check " invert " to make it the opposite ) task : audio &rarr ; silent 2 1 this refers to your provider 's mobile cell towers , and is the " cheapest " location mode in terms of battery ( as the cells must either be scanned for calls/sms/mobile data being available ) . if that is not exact enough , you may add gps location or wifi near ( to scan for e.g. your office 's wifi ap ) -- which then only kick in as soon as one of the listed cells is detected , again to save your battery . 2 check whatever you want here . you could completely silence your phone ( that would affect ringtone and phonecalls as well ) , but you probably just want the media volume set to zero . so what happens with that profile ? as soon as you come near to your workplace ( "cell near " , the mobile tower ( s ) close to the office ) , and the headset is not connected , media volume ( assuming you chose that ) will be silenced -- as the condition is completely met ( "at office , headset not plugged" ) . now you start your player and hear -- nothing . but once you plug the headset in , the condition is no longer valid -- and tasker reverts to the settings as they have been before the profile was activated ( so you can hear music via headphones ) .
no one has answered my question , so i will share what i have learned with my own investigation . no , you have to uninstall updates from the manage apps menu selection from the home screen . i am currently doing this as a workaround . i did not find a way to email google and get an answer , but i did find their forums . the related question on their forums is at http://www.google.com/support/forum/p/google+mobile/thread?tid=0d337324bcc86a55hl=enfid=0d337324bcc86a550004b349bee9f864 there has been particiption in the discussion from a google employee , which is a good sign . also , version 6.0.0 is an improvement of 5.12.0 , but still not as good as 5.8.0 .
i use tversity to stream to my android device , logitech revue , original xbox , xbox 360 , etc . tversity can transcode the video on the fly . i have , in the past , been able to get matroska container files to play , but not always and with varying results . sometime they do not play at all , sometime they played fine , and sometimes they play , but the video is choppy and out of sync with the audio . being able to stream the video to your android device will depend on the video codec used to encode the video . if the device does not support the codec , it will not play . afaik , android , out of the box , does not support the matroska container , actually , there are a lot of formats that android does not support . using something like tversity on your " media server " allows you to transcode these videos in a format that the device will understand , and can play .
i now use camera ics which has all the features i need .
there are some apps that will do this for you : ringguard : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.x475aws.android.ringguardhl=en volume locker : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.hourdb.volumelockerfeature=related_apps
you can get an almost stock jellybean experience using supernexus - i9100 . it is based off aosp and only has " improvements and optimizations " , but states it is still very near to stock . another option , while differentiating itself from aosp , is cyanogenmod . this is based on aosp , but includes a lot of extra features and improvements of aosp , while keeping the bloat to a minimum . as for instructions on getting it ready for a custom rom , the instructions on the cyanogenmod wiki tend to be fairly accurate and may give you the needed information to get you started . install cm for i9100 if you do not want cyanogenmod on your phone , replace step #2 in the last section with whatever rom you want to try ( like the one above ) . make sure you get the right gapps ( basic google apps including the play store ) unless your rom includes it ( most do not ) .
there is a website called htconeroot . com i guess you can find instructions there ( videos at the right side , scroll down )
it sounds like you just dragged the tray shortcut off the action bar accidentally . try doing the following : long press on an empty space on any home screen select " launcher actions " from the menu that appears select " open/close app drawer " drag the new shortcut back onto middle button of the action bar
the menu you get when you press the shutdown key should give you a list of options including shutdown , restart etc . if it does not , your phone 's manufacturer might have left it out of the rom .
it is fully possible to do that if the charge-from device has usb on-the-go ( otg ) support . you just need a usb otg host cable ( like this one ) , which you connect to the charge-from device , then plug a normal micro-usb cable into that , then into the device to be charged . the only obstacle you may run into is current limitations . a usb otg port almost certainly will not provide as much current as an all-up usb port , much less a charger . best case , this will mean that the charging device will charge slower . middle case , you will not get enough current to charge the device while it is powered on . worst case , the charge-from device will simply say " you are drawing too much current . you are cut off . "
that is normal behaviour for the sim card phone book , not just for android , but on older dumbphones too . i remember my old nokia 3310 took about a minute after booting before the phone book ( and other sim card functions ) became available . the problem was not really noticeable on early android phones because they took so long to boot anyway . while the phones are a lot quicker now , the sim cards are still the same old technology . if you want to get at them more quickly , either leave your phone turned on , or copy them to the device .
offline data saving is supported on android , you can see this if you go into your browser , select settings , advanced settings , website settings and you can see which websites are using your offline cache , as well as which are using other advanced access like gps . to create an icon for a website on your home screen : once you have created a bookmark in your browser for the page , you can go to your home screen , long-press on a bit of spare space , select shortcuts , bookmark and pick that one . that should give you an icon straight to that page .
i can not find the factory-reset instructions for a device with this specific name . arnova 's devices are named in confusing ways , so perhaps several names are used for the same device in different markets . but can you find a pinhole somewhere at the botton of your device ? it should be on the left . does it say " reset " ? then insert a paperclip and see what happens . if that does not work , you could try the instructions on arnova 's support page : " if your tablet freezes often or if you get error messages during the start up of your tablet , you can use the recovery mode to reset your tablet to its factory settings , removing all installed applications as well as any data or content . your tablet must be up to date with the latest firmware – downloadable from the downloads area of this website . to access recovery mode on the arnova 10bg3 to access to the recovery mode : hold down the volume button + and press the on/off button . once the boot logo arnova is displayed , release the volume button + . the android green robot is displayed . once the android green robot is displayed , press simultaneously the volume button + and the on/off button . the android system recovery screen is displayed . a . use the volume buttons to navigate b . use the on/off button to select an option to restore the default parameters of your tablet : in the android system recovery , select wipe data/factory reset ; select yes –delete all user data . select reboot system now . your tablet reboots . redefine your parameters through the wizard . your tablet is restored to its default settings . to access recovery mode on the arnova 9g3 to access to the recovery mode : hold down the home button and press the on/off button . once the arnova boot logo is displayed , release the home button . the android green robot is displayed . once the android green robot is displayed , press simultaneously the volume button + and the on/off button . the android system recovery screen is displayed . a . use the volume buttons to navigate b . use the on/off button to select an option to restore the default parameters of your tablet : in the android system recovery , select wipe data/factory reset ; select yes –delete all user data . select reboot system now . your tablet reboots . redefine your parameters through the wizard . your tablet is restored to its default settings . to access recovery mode on the arnova 8cg3/8bg3 to access to the recovery mode : hold down the volume button – and press the on/off button . once the boot logo arnova is displayed , release the volume button – . the android green robot is displayed . once the android green robot is displayed , press simultaneously the volume button + and the on/off button . the android system recovery screen is displayed . a . use the volume buttons to navigate b . use the on/off button to select an option "
sms popup will create a modal dialog box on your screen when you receive a text message . you can make it turn the screen on too if the phone 's screen is off . handcent ( full sms replacement app ) also has a similar feature built into it .
here 's some advice for moving between any two android roms that will serve you well : first , do a full nandroid backup if you are not feeling completely confident . you can do this in cwm recovery , or via adb ( android debug bridge ) . this will create an " image " of your entire device . now that you are safe from screwing anything up beyond repair , go ahead and use titaniumbackup to backup all your system settings and your user apps ( i usually do not backup system apps as this might cause problems ) . backups will be saved on your /sdcard/ and will not disappear when you wipe . ( before this step , make sure you have the rom zip files on your sdcard , otherwise you will have to add them via adb ) go into cwm recovery and wipe your device ( cache and data ) . remember , /sdcard/ is still fine . now install your shiny new rom . when you have booted your new rom , install titaniumbackup first of all . it will recognize that there is already titaniumbackup files on the sdcard ( from before ) , and you will be able to batch install your apps and restore system settings . some advice on restoring backups : be conservative . start by restoring apps without user data , as old data may break the app . if somethings missing and it annoys you , restore that app only with data . same goes for restoring system settings , deselect everything and just restore what you really want ( usually just wifi hotspots for me ) .
you have two choices here : edit the stock kernel ( or the kernel you are using ) to enable init . d support or edit the init . rc use a custom kernel with init . d support already enabled . i would suggest the second option as is far more easier to achieve . once flashed a kernel with init . d support , you can add all the scripts you want to the folder that will be executed at boot time . the folder is located in /etc/init.d and all scripts inside that folder will be executed in order . for example , if you have : /etc/init . d/10-startup-daemon /etc/init . d/50-mount-extra-partition they will be executed in the same order i have typed them . you can change the order by changing the number at the begining of the file .
in my opinion , the word scanning in this context is a misnomer . basically the camera and the flash are the key hardware components involved in this operation . the camera does not go into burst mode and instead takes only one good shot . the rest are the magic of software algorithms that straighten , finds boundaries and brightens and de speck the image . the app camscanner supports creating documents either from image or capturing with camera . higher camera resolution , the ability to autofocus and presence of flash ( in absence of ambient light ) are the features that are to be looked for . for shooting an a4 size with text printed with font size of 12 , a 5 mega pixel resolution is needed and with 3.2 mega pixels , i am able to capture a5 sized papers with very decent quality - observed from my experience .
sniffing the network traffic would require root for the app that does the sniffing part . this can easily be done with " shark for root " . but you will not get any end-user friendly information , just the raw packet data that is been send and received from your phone . that information needs to be matched to a particular app and action ( e . g . app xy is uploading photo file x123.jpg ) . generally you do not want an app to be able to read and log another apps network traffic for security and privacy reasons . that is why you need root for that . even if you could read and log the packets from other apps , it is easy to disguise the malicious data as something normal . it is not so easy to reveal that . side note : if you do not trust an app which has network access , do not install it . if you really need the app and you know that it works also without internet although the app requests permission to use it , some custom mods will allow you to block internet access without the app knowing .
do not use the phone/dialer app to edit contacts : use the main people app ( it is called contacts on some non-nexus phones ) . from that app , when you click the contact you want , it displays that contact , and you can click the pencil icon on the action bar ( at the top ) to edit the contact . ( the icon might look different on your phone , because most manufacturers replace the people app with their own variant . )
you can view android 's supported media formats here : http://developer.android.com/guide/appendix/media-formats.html i would recommend h . 264 video and aacv2 audio , for the best quality . the dimensions depend on the dimensions of your phone -- in your case , 320x240 . it is not the most powerful phone so you may want to experiment with the quality to get it playable but also looking good .
does the in built-in backup service work ? yes . but maybe not how you expect/want . as you mentioned apps need to ' opt in ' to backup data and most apps do not actually use this . i am only aware of a couple that do . as far as i know , the backed up data is only actually restore to a device when the device is initially set up , not when you install an app from the play store that you have previously used ( i could be wrong on this though ) . google recently launched a way for games to sync progress between devices which more apps seem to be using and are publicising this more . helium and adb backup work differently in that they backup the data stored on the device and do not require opt in . helium uses the adb backup method so essentially they work the same way ( although it does not require a pc to perform the backup ) . titanium backup backs up the apk and the appropriate ' data ' folder ( not the folder on your sd card by default ) and again this does not require any opt in from the app developer . personally i use titanium backup as it was the only option when i first rooted my first phone . i have not used helium so can not say if it is better/worse . when i have used adb backup ( not via helium ) it took a long time to backup/restore but it does work quite well .
this was a semi-known issue on 4.5.585 gingerbread ( verizon 's first official gingerbread update ) . rebooting the phone when it happens was the only remedy . the problem ( i too was affected ) appears to be fixed in the latest verizon update . ( 4.5.602 )
so i found a solution that works for indian vodafone 3g users at least . simply create a new access point with the same settings as the one provided ( called vodafone connect ) , set it as default , and reboot . i have not seen the popup appear again after that .
if you delete a file from your mobile device , the file remains on your online storage . to have the file permanently deleted , you need to delete it from your online dropbox account , accessing it via their website . i have just run this exercise ( to prove the theory ) : take photos ; sync dropbox ; delete photos from my device ; access laptop ; photos were downloaded ; access dropbox website and login to your personal account ; delete photos ; photos were automatically removed from laptop and a notification was presented asking if i wanted to undo the operation .
while this might not be the complete answer to your issue , it appears that the galaxy nexus is connected to an hsdpa:9 radio ( 10.1mb/s theoretical speed ) while the milestone is connected to an hspa radio ( 14mb/s theoretical speed , not hspa+ which can have a theoretical speed of between 21 and 42 depending on the network ) . while the theoretical capacities of the networks are similar , it does seem that they are using different radio tower connections , which could explain the difference in bandwidth that is being experienced .
okay , i did a brief test the other day . . . only drove about 80 miles , . . . obviously longer drives would give better averaging samples . but from my short drive , it seems that maps navigation uses roughly 1 mb for every 10 miles .
you can install the terminal emulator from google . alternatively there is the better terminal emulator pro . i tried the terminal emulator on a non-rooted phone and it seemed to work fine . better terminal emulator pro includes the dropbear ssh client , which can be launched from the command line or via a launcher . more info from the authors .
google maps can do this . long-press the map at your location ; a popup should appear with the address ; you can tap that and it'll give you the option to " share " that location . from that you can send a text , email , etc .
i just found this free app , my kindle wallpaper which does this simply and easily , no root required . d/l and install it , and point it at a photo or a folder full ( on the kf , not on the net ) , and get your favorite background photo or cycle through several ( one per wake-up , the way the stock software does ) . works perfectly on my original kf with kf v6.3.1 .
cyanogenmod developers coined the term " kang " originally . it goes back to the beginnings of android development . it used to mean having one 's development work taken , manipulated , rebranded , and re-released by someone else with no credit to the original developer . later this term morphed into having a less malicious meaning , and stands for the process of creating a code based of someone else 's code or reapplying code that someone else created into your own code . a " kang " therefore is a derivative work , based on the original with some modifications . it usually means an unauthorized version of a custom rom .
when your rom is booted up for the first time , android 's dalvik goes through every apk and extracts the dex file from it . it places the dex files in the cache folder - located at /data/dalvik-cache . this is the directory that gets cleared when you clear the dalvik cache in your recovery tool
i think you mean the auto-sync . go to " settings -> accounts and sync " . you will find which apps are using the sync function under manage accounts . only the apps in the list will be influenced .
you could give the following app a try , it sounds like it does what you are looking for : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.greatbytes.pop3refresh
the dolphin browser has an option to turn off images . i believe most versions of the stock browser have this capability as well . the 4.0.4 version can disable images via Settings -&gt;Bandwidth management -&gt; Load images , and i am pretty sure that the gingerbread browser had this capability as well .
stock download app is unable to detect changes to download folder . it will keep only a list that it is given for download .
the android compatibility definition document for 2.2 says that “device implementations must support the android developer tools provided in the android sdk . ” any device which is not “compatible with android” according to this document is not going to have the google services , including the android market .
if you have access to a computer that a ) is on the same wi-fi network ; and b ) runs wireshark ( http://www.wireshark.org/ ) you can probably find out the port that way .
i do not think continuous vibration while the phone is ringing can destroy a phone . it can drain battery though . i always set mine to vibrate , and it is still fine . some phones or custom roms let you adjust how strong the vibration is .
the battery indicator app in the first picture shown appears to be ours so i would thought i would respond . :- ) the ongoing notification shows because all ongoing notifications in android currently must display a notification as shown , and because the app must always be in memory to work correctly . you do not need a custom rom to be sure the battery is not being drained too much . over a year ago i joined with dmytro shkil to publish both battery notifier ( big text ) and battery notifier pro bt because his original program consumed less battery than any other app i had tried . tested with systempanel with the display intentionally kept on , the free and paid versions of our program today still consume less than . 01% cpu over 8 hours . we have left out fancy graphs and other eyecandy to keep our app consuming as little battery as possible . larryvgs http://batterynotifierpro.blogspot.com/
you can use adb and run logcat by typing the command adb logcat &gt; logcat.log . alternatively you can use an app like alogcat . that will give show you your systems logs but then you will have to figure out what it all means . i have to agree with matthew reads comment that it is probably related to cm but there are so many moving parts and different factors it is hard to say . unfortunately diagnosing through trial and error will require you removing cm to see if it was the cause . i would recommend removing adfree and seeing if you still have crashes because it could be caused by that . if i were an app dev that relied on ads to fund my company i would probably make the free flow of ads in my app a requirement for my app to run properly . also , i doubt it is launcher pro .
ensure you properly dismount the phone storage from your computer , and then have your phone mount it , before disconnecting usb .
so , based on the comments above you do need a notification solution . the obvious one is just to turn off notifications for the email app , or to turn down the volume before you go to bed . you could also use an app like tasker to do the latter automatically based on profiles that you set . for example you can have it mute notifications when plugged in to charge : http://androidforums.com/1207528-post3.html
have you tried formatting your sd card in a dedicated reader , as opposed to doing it directly on the phone ? most phones ( and even most laptops ' built-in sd card readers ) have problems writing sd card partitions . i usually format my sd cards in a stand-alone card reader hooked up to my pc via usb . also , it is probably worth re-partitioning it with partition editor from ubuntu livecd .
you will need root access on your devices ( well , at least on the old one ) in order to copy the apps off it . once rooted , you can use a number of 3rd-party " backup " apps to save a copy of the apps to your sd card , copy it to your pc , and then side-load them onto your new phone . the one i use is titanium backup . root your original device . look at sites like xda-developers or rootzwiki for help with that . in titanium backup use the backup/restore functionality to backup the apps you need to the sd card . on the new phone also install titanium backup app , enable side-loading ( menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Unknown sources ) , and use the restore functionality to restore the apps . if you do not feel like installing a 3rd-party backup app , this can be done manually , although it is a lot more involved ( installing android sdk , usb drivers , using command prompt to find package names and copy the apks from old phone and installing them on the new one . )
the problem is that some systems think of different ways to use the exif information . there are several possiblities , but for the motorola milestone ( droid in the us ) it was that the picture got a " rotated " mark in the exif , but it did not get the height/width set correctly ( example : lets say you have a hxw = 3x4 camera . if you take a landscape shot , you will get the normal hxw= 3x4 sized shot , and everything is fine . if you take a portrait shot , you still get the hxw = 3x4 ( but you would want to see hxw = 4x3 ) , and an extra mark that says " this shot was rotated ) . some programs could work with this ( twitpic for instance ) , but some coudn't . now you might face the same issue . i would look into your shots , and check what the exif says . if the exif has one of these issues , you might need to change ( possibly use some sort of automatic process ) the exif . also , another viewer might help here .
if you to settings --> apps --> all , is it in the list of applications ? if so , click on it , click uninstall , and then try to reinstall it from the market . it is also possible that the market is incorrectly showing it as installed . if this is the case , try going to settings --> apps --> all --> market , click force stop , then clear data . the open the market again and see if google voice is still listed as installed , and if not , install it .
i was able to figure this out after troubleshooting . i partitioned out my hdd and installed ubuntu 13.04 . once completed i installed android tools via terminal sudo apt-get install android-tools-adb i recreated the entire boot animation using gimp and 7zip and pushed it back to the device adb push /system/media/bootanimation.zip . it worked . for what ever reason creating it in windows was not working .
you just got case of failed update . try to have look at this article and see if you can get it sorted
you have two options . do a factory reset . go to Settings &gt; Backup &amp; reset &gt; Factory data reset . when you are asked to log-in your google account , it will ask you if you want to download the apps you installed before . usually , your paid apps will be installed ( and possibly some of the free apps ) . you may have to manually install the others . or , you can always use titanium backup . make sure to back-up only user apps , not system apps . then , restore those user apps after you have flashed a new rom .
this simple app creates " false apps " . we can assign a shortcut to a " false app " . if we click on the " false app " , the shortcut will be executed : shortcut launcher in google play app store
no it is not . commercial gps receivers ( like the one in your phone ) only work below 18 km and below 515 m/sec . the rationale behind this is that this way they can not be used in ballistic missiles ( yes , i am serious . ) in order to circumvent this you had need to flash a different firmware to your gps chip , if you did not do this you are safe . no current android device ships with munitions grade gps receiver .
finally found the solution and the reason . i installed sms backup + application from market sometime back . this application syncs the messages , call logs and contacts with gmail . i installed once and removed . in that time span it sync the contacts , call logs with my gmail . thats why i can see the call logs label in my gmail .
backup your phone this is important if you wish to keep any data from your phone . you will have to restore backed up data ( such as apps ) after you update . the only way to update to the latest software is to erase your device , so backup whatever you do not want to lose . extract the . zip file , which you can download from this androidforum thread or this xda thread . open the folder and install msxml 4.0 sp3 parser ( msxml . msi ) . once that has finished , install lgandroiddriver_whql_ml_ver1.0_all_win7 . exe which are the drivers so your computer will recognize your phone . windows xp users download this driver , extract the contents anywhere ( e . g . desktop ) , right-click on the ' android_usb . inf ' file and click ' install ' . next , open kdz_fw_upd . exe ( i ) change ' type ' to '3gqct ' this is a must , the update will not work otherwise and you may brick your phone ( ii ) make sure ' phonemode ' is set to ' diag ' ( iii ) browse for the ' v20b_00+fastboot . kdz ' file . prepare the phone by enabling usb debugging by going to settings> applications> development> enable usb debugging and connect the phone to the computer via usb cable and wait for the drivers to install for the phone . sometimes the computer still will not recognize the phone , if this is the case , try this : windows vista and windows 7 users press start and type device manager ( windows xp users right click ' my computer ' and click properties , then click the hardware tab and click device manager ) then locate lge android platform modem , right click it and click disable . accept any warnings that come up . also , make sure you have disabled mass storage mode on your phone . to do this , go to settings> storage> enable mass storage , and untick the box . click ' launch software update ' and do not use your computer until the update is complete . the update will take roughly 10-20 mins to complete . this method was found in the androidforums . there is also a youtube tutorial on rooting the gt540 . bricking is always a possibility when modifying software that does not come directly through the intended channels that said , the methods here have been proven to work and your risk is significantly less if you perform these steps correctly . let us know if you need any help !
i think not . a least , not efficiently . if you want to do that , you need servers , big servers , so you need a big company to run thoses big servers . so i would be very surprised if that big company does not advertise for its product , as opera did .
there is gomarks . looks promising .
cyanogenmod versus android to ask how cyanogenmod is different from android is comparable to ask how is a cat different from an animal . cyanogenmod is an android custom-rom . see : our rom tag-wiki for what a rom is our custom-rom tag-wiki for details on custom roms our cyanogenmod tag-wiki for details on cyanogenmod quoting the latter , which quotes from the cyanogenmod website : cyanogenmod is an aftermarket firmware for a number of cell phones based on the open-source android operating system . it offers features not found in the official android based firmwares of vendors of these cell phones . as you are asking about ecosystems : cyanogenmod meanwhile is a company . there might be multiple ecosystems using the same resources . as will be shown below : google versus android versus cyanogenmod android is not google , and google is not android . behind android stands the aosp team . so android is open source , which is why other groups like cyanogenmod can use it . the " iron grip " of your question does not go to android itself , it is rather the additions google puts on top , the so-called google apps ( see : google-apps and its tag-wiki ) . those apps are not open-source , but closed-source . cyanogenmod started shipping their own counter-parts for several of the google-apps ( and features ) , and here you have got your ecosystem : apps and services . cyanogenmod is not permitted to ship the google-apps with their roms , you have to install them manually ( if you want them ) , or leave them out . there are many substitutes available , so you can use android without google : android os without google services ? can an android phone run without google ? guide : how to use your android phone without google android without google ­– discussion @xda can i trust x with my data ? google earns its money with advertisements . if you can trust them with your data , imho you can trust cyanogenmod even more . if you do not want to trust either of them , there are alternatives such as owncloud , funambol , and more , which you can use with any rom , cyanogenmod included – setting up your own cloud , as one of the names suggests . concerning the google-play-store and " where to get my apps from": as with the other google-apps , custom roms are not permitted to bundle them with their distributions . but there are a lot of alternative and open-source markets , like f-droid etc . ( see our alternative-markets tag-wiki ) . there have been rumours about a cyanogenmod app market , but i must have missed that taking off .
if you constantly get a poor 3g signal , you may want to switch the signal preference to favor 2g instead of 3g . here 's a way to do it on ics : in dialer , press *#*#4636#*#* go to ' phone information ' swipe to this ' set preferred network type ' assuming it is ' wcdma preferred ' , change it to ' gsm auto ( prl ) ' this setting will change its signal quality threshold , allowing it to switch from 3g to 2g ' earlier ' . use at your own risk though . . . to address your question of automatically switching signal when you make a call , you might be able to hammer something out on tasker if you are so inclined ( i may give it a try later to satisfy my own curiosity xd ) . one problem is forsee though , is that i believe it takes a bit of time to switch signals , so it might affect your call ( or its quality ) .
the best i have for now is the app readability available from google play store : readability turns any web page into a clean view for reading now or later on your computer or android device . with the readability app , you can catch up reading you have saved with the free readability add-on for your web browser . already a favorite on kindle e-readers , now you can enjoy the benefits of readability on your android devices .
this greatly depends on the dialer application you are using . on stock " vanilla " android that ships with google/aosp dialer app , there is no such option , and you will have to find a 3rd-party dialer app that has such a feature ( e . g . dialer one or pp , for example . ) some manufacturers like samsung and htc replace the default dialer app with their own that has many more features , and may already include the one you are looking for ( grouping records by caller . )
today , i installed clipper plus in bluestacks and i noticed that its already storing clips i copied in windows . i have also tried to copy a text in bluestacks and paste in windows . it has confirmed that clipboard has already been shared between bluestacks and windows . great . . . either this feature has been pushed recently or i did not notice it without clipper plus . i tried to paste using Ctrl+V in bluestacks which still does not work . do paste with proper method : long-click and choose paste from menu .
system application are odexed , which means the code part it extracted and kept separate and also some crucial parts of the application are kept in framework . jar . if you want to copy your freshly-compiled application to your phone , you have to deodex it first , which restores the missing parts and only then you may replace /system/settings . apk with your new file . and , please , make sure you delete old /system/settings . odex file , otherwise it will not work . as usually , it is recommended to save old settings . apk/odex files just in case when something goes wrong .
the mdm solution can require that you set a pin . the google apps device policy app , for example , can require you to set a pin . this is described in the google device policy for android if you want more details .
technically , you do not need root if you have an unlocked bootloader . even if it is locked , you do not need root , you just need an exploit to change the recovery to install cm9/cm10 . usually , the first thing that people do when an exploit is identified is " root " the device but flashing a different recovery and flashing a different rom is also possible . root happens first because there are little or no modifications that have to be made except put the su binaries on the device . the galaxy devices , from my experience is actually pretty easy to " restore to stock " if you so choose . it does require a little research to find the stock rom files and the use of odin ( or hemidall ) . once you have the stock files that can be used with odin , it is rather simple to restore to " stock " with cm9 and later , you do not have to have root enabled . on top of that , you can change that when ever you want . you can also specify if you only want to allow apps to have root access , only adb , or both .
the g2 does indeed have 4gb of internal storage , but not all of it is visible to the operating system . the internal memory ( /dev/block/mmcblk0 ) shows up as 2256 mb which place it solidly in the this-is-4gb-of-memory camp . there are several reasons for confusion on this point . of the 2256mb of internal memory visible to the os , 1.3gb is allocated to /data ( storage for apps ) . this 1.3gb is what you see when you look at " internal phone storage " in settings-> sd card and phone storage . partitioning in this was has been standard on all android phones . the new part with the g2 is where the rest of the 4gb of internal memory are . there has been wild speculation on this point , but a backup copy of the entire os portion of the phone or space for future updates make the most sense .
odin is an internal samsung tool used for flashing firmware to their devices ( via download mode , bypassing recovery etc . ) . importantly , it also has the ability to repartition the device storage based on a . pit file , which can save you from softbricking ( when flashing goes wrong and recovery/the bootloader fail ) . it is not open source and to my knowledge they have not intentionally released it &mdash ; a few versions have been leaked . for what it is worth , i have used the version posted here without issue . heimdall , however , is open source and duplicates the functionality of odin . it claims to be more reliable as well , in addition to being cross-platform ( odin is windows-only ) . both tools appear to work best with galaxy s devices , so if you are using another device you probably want to ensure someone else has tried it and succeeded . another note is that they use . tar packages layed out differently than the normal update . zip format used by recovery and otas , so you need to get the proper package for it to work .
if you install superuser you can control which apps are allowed root access . by default it blocks all requests and asks you what you want to do . you can give an app access indefinitely and revoke it at any time , or allow only specific requests with a timeout . most rooted roms come with it pre-installed , including cyanogenmod , and many rooting methods will install it for you as well . as an alternative , you could remove the su binary and busybox from your device to effectively un-root it .
do you have an app called " voice changer " installed ? i have read that it can cause this . also if you have google voice installed , do you have it set to " never dial with google voice " ? if those are not the cause , do you have any other " phone linking " apps or " sip dialers " etc , remove them and see if your issue stops .
1 - no . there is a microsd slot where you can insert cards upto 32 gb in size to extend the memory . 2 - yes - vpn support is present in 2.1 as well 3 - some are free , some are not . some are ad-supported .
when using the google market website , go to the bottom of the page and change the language in which you are viewing the market pages . you will then get user reviews based on the currently selected language . note that the system seems to display comments only in the language the users have been using when posting them , so if you are looking at applications that make sense only for a specific country , you will probably see english comments interspersed with others in the native language . nothing precludes you from leaving a comment on a swedish application on the italian page written in urdu , should you choose so .
use sms backup and restore assuming those are both android phones and you should not need to deal with a .nef file .
have you thought about doing this over the air , rather than using a desktop client for the sync ? if you use outlook , presumably your company uses exchange for it is mail servers ? if so , and if they allow exchange active sync , and/or have outlook web access enabled , then you could sync your phone 's mail and calendar directly with them over the air . the built-in mail client can be used to connect directly with exchange , or there are third party alternative exchange clients like touchdown , moxier or k-9 mail
this is a known " bug " with android ( it is probably intended behavior ) . the language , locale , and related settings are all linked and cannot be changed independently . google apparently decided that people who read italian want to see numbers for dates . i do not believe this was changed in 2.3-gingerbread so i guess there is no fix yet : (
try <code> wget http://www.blah.com/files.apk </code> in the terminal emulator ( if you are using cyanogenmod , then you probably have busybox , which includes wget ) , you might need root to write to the internal memory , so if you do not have write permission in the current directory , then you might need to type su first .
i managed to disable it . you need to remove all hangouts updates in google play , then reboot for hangouts to go back to talk , then talk can be disabled in settings -> apps -> all .
it is definitely a valid concern and you should be wary of apps that can record keystrokes with " full internet " privileges . it is best to reach out to the developer of such keyboard app and ask them this question directly . i imagine such a permission would be required for something benign , like downloading language packs ( from within the keyboard app ) or showing ads , for example .
seems that what i was looking for was right in front of me . the option " reverse port forwarding " from the article was renamed to " port forwarding " .
( i will address your 2nd edit below . . . ) some cheap camera modules do not include an auto focus feature , i.e. they are fix-focus'ed to infinity . barcode scanners need a near focus though and cannot ( or hardly ) scan the resulting blurry images that result from infinity-focused fix-focus cameras . the only way around this would be to attach a macro lens specifically designed for smartphone cameras ( also works with fix focus ) . search for smartphone macro lens to see some samples . i already tried that once with an older ( also fix-focus ) sony-ericsson xperia x8 and it worked back then .
moto g does not have a gyroscope sensor ( but it has an accelerometer ) that is why moto g did not get the photosphere option . actually panorama does not require a gyroscope . while there are obviously ways to do panoramas without a gyroscope . it looks like they use the same engine as photosphere to do the panoramas . so app also lacks panorama . source thread google camera g+ thread
you need to wait until they release a version that is compatible with android 4.3 . for the mean time , you can try other players like bsplayer or vplayer . they are working with 4.3 . update #1: as of 2013-08-07 , based on gathrawn 's comments , mx player now works with android 4.3
according to the wikipedia article , all the htc one xl devices fall under the evita model . evita is just the code name for the device . just about every device is initially manufactured with a " codename " . this is more just like an internal name for the device . this could be because they have not decided on a " public brand " for the device yet , or just because they want to call it something else internally . sometimes the codename resides in the model name in the settings -> about phone . but if you have adb access to your device , you can do something like : &gt; adb shell $ getprop  this will dump out all the properties that are configured during the boot process . one of them , probably something like ro.product.device will contain the value evita .
unfortunately skype for android is still very flawed and has a lot of issues apart from the one you pointed out . right now the only thing you can do is to go on settings and deactivate the notifications when you are using your pc , and reactivate them when you are away from it . i always keep the vibration deactivated because either if i am using the pc or i am using the phone , that vibration is definitely too loud .
before doing so , i would consider two more things : finding the real cause high wifi usage is not caused by wifi itself ( standby ) , but most likely by another app constantly requesting it to " stay awake " . so first check how to deal with ( orphaned ) wakelocks ? -- which also deals with this . checking your wifi standby policy in settings&rarr ; wireless and networks&rarr ; wifi , when pressing the menu button , an item named " advanced " appears . tap that to go into the advanced settings and check the wifi standby policy . there are 3 options available : always : wifi stays awake even when the display is turned off . useful if you are streaming music . only when connected : only when a power source is connected ( i.e. . the device is charging ) -- as in that case the " battery consumption " usually is not an issue . never : wifi goes to standby as soon as the display is turned off . wifi managing tools if this requirement still is present after thoroughly checking above two points , there are multiple options available in this section -- enough to fill at least a small book . first , there are tools like e.g. juicedefender or greenpower , dealing not only with wifi and mobile networks , but covering a lot more energy saving stuff . other interesting tools might include wifibatt and many others -- just check the related apps on their playstore pages , or use mapsaurus to find similar apps .
the problem solved . it would meant to be " home " + " back " + " power " .
first , ensure that " usb debugging " option is enabled on your phone by going to Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Development . on some devices this option will be grayed out while your phone is connected via usb , so disconnect it first . next step is installing the usb drivers on your computer . assuming you are running windows , the drivers for mytouch 4g should be located on the sd card that came with the phone . look for file named " htcdriver . exe " then copy to your pc and execute it . if you can not find that file , look for the drivers on google . after you successfully install the drivers , download and install the android sdk . pick a folder that is easy to type , such as "C:\AndroidSDK" for example . now open windows command prompt by going to start -> run , typing " cmd " ( without quotes ) and pressing enter . in the command prompt window type in cd C:\AndroidSDK\platform-tools and press enter . connect your mt4g to the pc via usb , and in the command prompt type in adb devices and press enter . if everything was correctly installed you should see messages like these : * daemon not running . starting it now on port 5037 * * daemon started successfully * list of devices attached xxxxxxxxxxx device where " xxxxxxxxxx " is a combination of letters and numbers , signifying your phone 's id . this means adb is seeing your phone , and you can now issue commands to it .
music playerpro has that feature . but it is a paid app . i tried many free ones , ( poweramp , winamp , cube , double twist , mixzing . . . ) none have that feature ! note 1: meridian ( free ) can search using composers ( it calls it writers ) . note 2: there is an issue-ticket related to this open in the android issue tracker . so this may be fixed in stock players in future .
the answer is in the browser settings . in the default browser , this is found in Menu | More | Settings | Default Zoom . options are " medium " ( the default ) , " far " , and " close " .
yes , for non-free apps there is a minimum price for each supported currency . as i noticed this morning when adjusting the price of one of my apps , these minimum prices are not exactly equivalent across currencies ( and even if they were , they would drift over time due to exchange rate fluctuations ) . for example , i set the new price of my app at $0.99 for the us and the roughly equivalent price of £0.59 for the uk . however , i could not set such low prices for scandinavian countries or japan because the minimums were higher ( the japanese minimum is 99 yen , which is roughly £0.71 / us$1.16 at today 's rates ) . the full list of minimum and maximum prices is here . at current rates it seems that the cheapest possible non-free app would cost €0.50 ( approximately us$0.72 ) .
since this is getting inactive for so long and no one seems to know the solution . then i guess i will bring my phone to where i bought it and face the consequences of my actions haha ! if they can not fix it , then no one can . lol cheers , guise !
try clearing the data for the market and rebooting the phone . then log in to the market , wait a minute , then back out and continue using your phone with the internet connection active . hopefully the market should update itself within a few minutes . or , you can just download and install the . apk . i rely on android police for the latest version ; they have posted 3.9.16 here .
i have ported emacs to android . ( google play , github ) it does not draw ui like linux x11 version , but uses modified android terminal emulator .
in app updates ( host files etc ) : basically because you are in an arms race agains the advertising / app developers . the developers want you to see the advertising , as this is one of their sources of income . they are also aware of ad-block , adaway , adfree etc etc and are constantly trying new advertisers , new proxies and new methods of embedding the adverts in your application , website etc . in order to keep the adverts blocked , the application needs to update the host files and lists of blocked sites , proxies etc to keep functioning correctly . there should be a ' check for updates daily ' option , there definitely is in adfree android ( well recommended ) which you could use as an alternative to adblock plus . by default most of these programs seem to check for updates when the device is rebooted from scratch , and have a daily / weekly or such checkin also . you could go to Settings &gt; Applications &gt; AdBlock and disable notifications also . you could , i gues , just dismiss the notifcation when it arrives , and update whenever suits you . leaving it go does mean adverts will start to creep back in over time , however . updates to the app itself : if the actual application ( i.e. . the apk ) itself has very regular updates then either the application needs to update to keep ahead of the advertising , which seems to be to be a bit of a flaw , or it is ( as you said ) in beta stages and needs constant tweaking . alternatively with so many new devices coming online , and kitkat released it may need all this fixing to ensure compatability . the simplest solution for either scenario , to my mind , is to get adfree android or similar and not worry about this at all !
seems to have been a common problem with plantronics pro voyager series headsets , not specific to android .
you could use the busybox version of vi . if you are rooted then you can get it from the market and it will install pretty trivially ( example ) . then you had just need to execute vi from a terminal and you are good to go . i do not know of any installers that do not require root , but there may be one floating around somewhere that will install to /data/local or something . alternatively , you can do it the " manual " way . the following should work fine on an unrooted phone : download a buxybox binary or build it yourself ( here 's a copy of 1.16.0 hosted on cyanogenmod 's wiki ) . copy the binary over to /data/local somehow . adb is easy if you have it set up - just connect your tablet and use : adb push /path/to/busybox /data/local . you could also put it on your sd card and then move it with a file manager . you may need to use chmod to make it executable , which can be done from either a terminal emulator or an adb shell - chmod 0755 /data/local/busybox should suffice . execute vi from a terminal with /data/local/busybox vi . of course , if you just want any ol ' editor you do not have to use vi . there are a bunch in the market .
this behaviour depends on the application you use , and so , on the way developer ( s ) programmed their applications . the application may provide an option to use enter as send , but if it does not , then i think you can not do much about this . . .
skype has blocked fring from using it is services . for more info see http://www.fring.com/blog/?p=2322
as long as you have gps switched on on your phone ( on a galaxy s the easiest way to do this is from the buttons that appear when you pull the notification bar down from the top of the screen ) and have gps switched on in the camera , you should see the " satellite receiver " gps icon appear and start flashing when you open the camera app . as long as you see this then your phone is trying to geo-tag your pictures . be aware that even in the best of conditions your phone can take 30 seconds or more to get a decent gps position locked , so wait a bit after you open the camera app before you take the picture . you can also speed up the gps lock by making sure that you have the assisted gps features switched on , see this previous question for details on how to switch those features on .
as @geffchang said , disabling animations in developer options is right way
com.android.keyguard runs your lockscreen , home button , and a few other things i can not remember . it is an integral part of android . do not remove it .
from what i looked up , the karbonn s1 titanium does not support otg . according to http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/snapdragon_(system_on_chip)#snapdragon_s4 the karbonn s1 titanium , is a msm8625q chipset . which does not support otg http://www.qualcomm.com/snapdragon/processors/s4/specs
try azilink (http://code.google.com/p/azilink/). you will need to do a little setup on your ubuntu machine in addition to loading the app on your droid , but it will work without requiring you to root your droid . this is a usb tethering solution that i have used in the past with my ubuntu netbook to great success .
i figured out that if i disable 802.11n mode and just leave b/g enabled , then my phone works on wifi just fine . it seems that there was an issue using 802.11n on my phone . i do not yet know if the issue was my ap or my phone , but i guess i will need to find a way to disable 802.11n on froyo .
turns out that it is possible with a stock ( unrooted ) android 3.0 tablet and a rooted android phone , using android-wifi-tether and bluetooth tethering . details here : http://www.droid-life.com/2011/03/01/how-to-bluetooth-tether-to-motorola-xoom-using-original-droid/
there is an app called boot manager ( paid | free ) which will allow you to install multiple roms on your device . you select the rom you wish to use whilst in the main os and the application modifies the boot mechanism to point at the specific rom . it is only available for some devices though , i know that samsung phones are definitely supported .
after some digging into google , i came across a software called backuptrans . the features listed include transfer sms between android and iphone , save sms from android/iphone onto local database on computer , restore sms from local database to android/iphone and many more . i do not have an iphone to check this software . this seems pretty good . the work steps are as simple as importing from iphone to the computer and exporting to the android device . more details with screenshots can be found here the only downer for this solution is that you have to pay some cash ( a minimum of $29.95 ) to use it fully . since you are not comfortable with isms2droid ( iphone sms import ) , this seems to be the best option available . on an additional note , isms2droid is worth trying before you buy backuptrans .
what you are most likely look for is called " factory reset " . as the name suggests , a " factory reset " is supposed to reset the device to its original state , as it was delivered by the factory . what in fact is done by a factory reset is to wipe all user-installed apps and all user data ( for the latter , except data stored on sdcard ) . this can be done either from within the system menu ( look for the entry with the " fence " symbol , it is labeled something with " privacy" ) -- or using the hardware buttons , as described at hard-reset.com: switch off your phone press and hold volume-up and home buttons press the power button for 2-3 seconds release only power button , but keep pressing volume up + home buttons with volume down select wipe data/factory reset ( 3rd ) > press power there is no need to re-install any firmware . the system resides on its own ( read-only ) partition , which is not touched by this process . having followed above steps , your phone should then boot in a clean state . do not worry if the first boot after that takes a bit longer -- that is fully normal . also this does not void your warranty , as these steps would also be recommended by the service hotline if your device went nuts , and they want to eliminate the cause of misconfiguration or misbehaving ( user-installed ) apps . for a reference , you might also want to take a look at the question do a total wipe of my device .
there are multiple things to be considered . first , you are absolutely correct : you should avoid restoring system apps . there might be some exceptions ( as e.g. sms , contacts , calendars are maintained by system apps as well ) , but let 's postpone that for now . second , user-apps should be safe to restore , including their data . third , just to be sure , before restoring anything on a different rom/device , you should take some pre-cautions : go to tibu ' s settings , watch out for the " troubleshooting " section , and enable " migration mode " as well as " use system sqlite " ( this combination saved my day more than once ) . while in " normal mode " e.g. sqlite databases would be simply replaced ( which might cause the " owning app " to crash if the structure had changed ) , with " migration mode " tibu attempts to only merge the data . forth , with above precautions taken , you could carefully try to even restore some of the relevant data ( sms , wifi aps , etc . ) . to be on the absolutely safe side , a dedicated backup app for sms etc . would be the better idea ; contacts e.g. could be synced via google or exported to .vcf using the contacts app itself , similarly calendars ( sync or save to .ics using a 3 rd party app ) . last , just in case and to be on the sfe side : restore your apps/data one by one , and check for possible side-effects in between ; continue with the resp . " next app " only when you are sure everything is fine . once running into trouble , remember which app that was ; then factory-reset and restore all up to where you got allright ( in case it was a system-app ) or simply uninstall the troublemaker ( in case of an user-app ) , skip the " trouble app " , and continue carefully with the next . after-thoughts from the comments : the above applies to system apps and user-apps ( the " one-by-one " especially applies to system apps , as you cannot uninstall them it something fails ; though in most cases it suffices to " delete data " for the affected app in settings→apps – if you still can go there , that is ) the above applies as well when restoring a backup on a different device ( as basically , that can be called a " different rom " as well , right ? ) possible side-effects might include force-close-loops of the affected app , even on device start – which again would require a factory-reset if it was a system app ( or a user-app which wants to start at boot ) . with some luck , a start in safe-mode is possible in those cases , and you might be able solving the issue from there . example case for a failed restore ( from my own experience ) : i once restored the sms from a different rom ( did not know about the migration option then ) . results were i could not open the sms app at all ( force-close ) . other apps accessing the same database crashed when trying to do so ( e . g . contacts ) . " delete data " did not solve it back then , so i had to factory-reset . worst cases ( at least if you left out system apps themselves ; their data is ok ) are always solved by a factory-reset . really worst-case ( you restored some system apps and broke it ) is solved by re-flashing the rom .
the official skype app currently does not support video on nvidia tegra 2 chipsets , according to their faq : * this specifically does not include some tablets that use the tegra 2 chipset ( e . g . android tablets and motorola atrix do not support video calling ) . from what i read on various forums , a test version that does work on honeycomb tablets sporting tegra 2 has been seen floating around in youtube videos , so it should be coming to official channels shortly .
i think the answer here is " in all practicability , no . " one hypothetical alternative would be usb host support , and to mount an external hard drive or thumb drive onto your phone . this would mean doing something like this , how to mount external hard drive to your xoom . this seems impractical and potentially dangerous ( who knows if that otg cable might cause a short ) . the sgs may not even recognize the cable , or the drive , and the apk may not work with your phone . that is the best answer i have on actually connecting via usb to a storage location . actual streaming from a pc via the usb port , though ? even if there were a way , it would probably require extensive work on both the phone and the computer . would not a better ( and way easier ) solution be to buy a wireless usb adapter and set it to ad-hoc mode and ssid non-broadcast ? just a thought .
android only supports proxies in android 4.0+ . in android 2.3 or below i recommend you use the proxydroid app to use the proxy . this app supports authenticated proxies but needs root access . the reason you have a proxy setting could be due to additions by your device manufacturer .
the swiftkey website no longer lists anything called " swiftkey " only " swiftkey x " . i have to assume this means " swiftkey " was an earlier product , possibly a beta ?
after doing a lot of research around this issue , i deleted the relevant contact , and all the conversations , and after adding the contact again , everything worked ok . i believe it has something to do with having multiple copies of the same number in the messaging system . ie +447891 . . . . 07891 . . . . . 447891 . . . etc i might be completely wrong about this . but it definitely works now , on all 3 messaging apps that i have tried .
it looks like your hboot needs to be upgraded to v1.02.0000 in order to use the htcdev unlock method . the reason for this is that the legend 's bootloader did not originally ship with unlocking capabilities , so you need to upgrade to the version that added it . unfortunately , the htcdev site will give you an ruu to run , but since it is an . exe file it will not do you much good on linux ( even with wine it probably will balk ) . however , you can perform a manual flash instead : download this legeimg . zip 1 file . this is the new 1.02 bootloader packaged as a zip . copy the zip file to the root of your sd card ( as in , not in any subfolders ) reboot to your bootloader however you like ( adb reboot bootloader works , for example ) when hboot starts up it should tell you that it found an upgrade package on the sd card . check the on-screen prompt and select " yes " to let it flash the zip . reboot your phone into your bootloader again and verify that it is been updated to version 1.02 . at this point you can follow the htcdev unlocking instructions . 1 regarding this file : " eldarerathis " , you say , " i am sure you are a trustworthy chap and all , but how do i know that this mediafire download is legit ? " well , since your bootloader is currently locked , it will only flash images that have been digitally signed by htc . since modifying the contents of the zip file would invalidate the signature , you can rest assured that it is genuine and has not been tampered with . for complete instructions , including how to actually get the zip from the ruu yourself ( which requires windows ) , refer to this xda post .
you have to be rooted and you have to have the kernel module for cifs support . if you have froyo , you also will need slow-work . ko kernel module as well . once you have those , you can use ( shameless plug ) mount manager , it can handle loading the modules for you automatically and lots of features available for auto mounting when connecting to wifi , and other stuff . it is a lot like cifs manager , but has a more robust system for loading the modules , and supports multiple modules and has support for being a plugin for locale/tasker ( paid version ) .
i ended up going with teamviewer , but thanks for all the suggestions !
according to the xperia z manual , that icon indicates that " stamina mode " is active . i do not see it in the xperia t manual , so i am guessing that there was a recent update to your device that added that feature .
your previous task manager was a samsung addition , and not part of android itself . in 2.3 onwards there is a very similar and memory usage listing . if you go into settings , then into applications and click the " running services " option , it should show you everything that is running along with how much memory it is using . there is also a small graph at the bottom showing ram used vs ram free .
Settings &gt; Apps &gt; Downloaded &gt; { app } &gt; Uninstall or open the app drawer , find your app , long-press the icon and drag to the " uninstall " icon .
no , you would need an application like " where 's my droid " installed on the device and know the phone number for the device . if you sold the device , the new owner probably did a factory reset on the device so your information is no longer associated to the device . in the future , before you sell your device , you should go in and do a factory reset so you are not giving the device away with any of your information . i want to add my opinion on these apps that claim to help you find your device ( including " where 's my droid" ) if it is lost or stolen . they are great if you lost your phone in your house ( or somewhere " safe" ) but if you lost it at like a bar or if someone actually stole it , chances are you will not even be able to use this software . a factory reset can be done on any device rather quickly , which would remove your " locating software " and remove any " tie " that your accounts may have to the device . also , they require the device be on , so if someone does steal your phone , all they have to do is turn it off , and when they have a chance , do a factory reset . my best advice i can give you is to remember that these are ~$600 devices ( what you will pay off contract , or for a replacement ) so treat it like it is a ~$600 device and do not leave it laying around . i am not saying that i would ever take someones phone or anything , but i could have the device factory reset by the time i got to the door to leave . it is as easy as Menu -> Settings -> Privacy -> Factory Data Reset .
try : Settings → Applications → Manage Applications → select Browser ( "All apps" tab ) → Clear Data . this would delete all the data belonging to the app . quite like a factory reset , but just for that app . be careful while using this . make sure you select the correct application ( its called ' Browser' some phones and ' Internet' on some ) in the All apps list . you can accidentally delete your contacts and other important stuff if you are not careful
yes , that is an accurate observation . i do not have a motorola phone myself , but from what i understand blur is embedded pretty tightly into the rom . trying to remove it would be painful at best , and probably just cause your phone to start crashing . i would recommend flashing a custom rom that either never had blur ( e . g . something built largely from the aosp like cyanogenmod ) or a heavily customized version of your rom that has had blur thoroughly rooted out and replaced with stock apps .
i think that it is due to the keyboard layout . swiftkey 's qwerty layout do not put the ' key in the " abc" part of the keyboard . if you want to type a ' '' with the qwerty layout , you have to go to the " 123" part of the keyboard and then type on the ' virtual key . but unlike the qwerty layout , the azerty layout has got the ' key in the " abc" part of the keyboard : to switch to the azerty layout , go in swiftkey settings > Languages and layouts . then go to the keyboard language ( the one you use ) and type on the keyboard icon near the checkbox . then select " AZERTY" when the list of available layouts is opened .
after some digging , i have to decide that what you are trying to achieve is not possible since there is no way to check whether there are additional login requirements necessary for the connected wi-fi networks . you may be able to check the connectivity of the wi-fi network with the methods mentioned by both geffchang and nobugs . but , since the connections with additional authentications literally give you the internet access to login to their network , the said apps and methods ( even the tasker ) will sadly be of lesser use . but the network tester app suggested by nobugs seems promising even though it cannot switch the connections . you can use an app like auto wifi / 3g switch to do the switching automatically . this app can be used to disable mobile data / 3g connection automatically when your device is connected to a wifi network and re-enable mobile data when your device is disconnected from wifi network . again of course , the app cannot detect whether or not there are additional authentications . finally you are left with manually switching and toggling your mobile data and wi-fi . you can use an app like 3g wifi connection mode .
too bad android se is not as active as other se sites , just did a nandroid restore from when i just installed the rom and so far i have not set up titanium backup . well that'll teach me . . . at least it boots again .
yes all this is possible but you will have to root the tablet and whether or not that is possible will depend on the tablet . here 's the answer to each request : yes , you have to edit the hosts file for which you will have to root the device . yes , any browser ( i recommend dolphin hd ) will let you set the home page , so just set this to the page you want it to launch with . with the launch after boot app ( ~$1.60 ) you can set the browser to launch on start-up . yes , the aforementioned dolphin hd browser has a " full screen " mode under settings . since you are rooting the device you can just uninstall the messaging ( sms/mms/email ) apps . yes . this app requires a rooted device ( and dropping $2 ) : boot animation changer pro all in all this is possible assuming you can root you device , and while it will not be easy , it also wont require you programming any custom solution . edit : i should have mentioned that going " full screen " on the browser will not prevent people from navigating away from the browser screen to other parts of the device but you can basically uninstall every single app that you do not want your people using , and uninstall the market so they can not install more apps . you can also password protect apps that you do not want people using with an app like app protector pro ( $2 ) . any enterprising person will be able to get around anything you do with some work but that can be said about any workplace restrictions . edit #2: do not quote me on this but i will bet you could use tasker to furhter restrict access to the device and/or services . assuming you guys operate during set business hours and are at one bricks and mortar location , you can set location and time based restrictions so when they are in the store during business hours only certain things are possible . you would just need to password protect tasker after setting it up .
even if it would be doable , consider a few things making it extremely unlikely : in that early stage , the touchscreen is not yet initialized – so how would you input your pin/password/pattern to unlock the bootloader before firing up the custom recovery ? another risk introduced this way : if you break your display , you are effectively knocked-out : even if the problem described above could be worked around , that work-around would be rendered useless at this place . true , there are things like touch-based custom recoveries . so technically , that would be the place to make it possible : once the recovery is initialized , it could ask for a code to unlock before offering its real services . this might even include a " fallback mode " for a broken screen using e.g. shake-patterns ( accelerometer-based ) or nfc ( if applyable ) . but that is nothing we can solve here at this site : you will have to contact the resp . developers for this ( twrp and/or clockworkmod , to name two examples ) .
there is only one possible way to restore your device after unmounting system and/or bricking it . and that is to flash ( via odin ) the original stock firmware in a file named : pda_hc31_eg01ba_ap352081user_cp1033580_lte20110704_0708 . tar nothing else will work . only this one file will be able to unbrick this device . the procedure is quite easy . on the device hold volume up + power select odin mode ( right icon ) connect usb to device and computer on the computer download and run odin 1.85 ( this is important because diff versions of odin support diff files ) check off pda and select the above tar file click start ( 3 boxes should be checked , 2 default and pda ) the odin software will then transfer the stock firmware to the device and shut off when the transfer is finished . user must boot up the device again . when the device boots up , it will automatically install the firmware . the device is now officially unbricked .
although there is not a general solution for remotely launching apps , here is a solution that applies to your situation : first , install androidlost from the online google play store . this is the app you can use to control/wipe/access info about your lost device , yadayada give it a little time to install to your device , then install androidlost jumpstart from the online google play store as well this app will wake up the registration process on the androidlost app when ever a phone call is made , an sms received , battery is low , a package is added , removed or changed . so you have to install an arbitrary app from the play store as well to activate the service , but you can then go to androidlost . com to access functions to control your lost device ! including ringing an alarm ; )
the answer to both questions is no . your android device most likely uses the arm architecture , which is not compatible with the x86 architecture of your binaries . in theory you could use qemu on android to emulate a x86 system , but the performance will be average at best . this has been done .
install fasterfix from the play store and follow the prompts .
you actually can enable both of those features while in airplane mode . they get turned off automatically when you first enable airplane mode , but there is nothing that prevents you from re-enabling them :
as i said in my comment , you should be able to flash using odin . i am not sure it works through a vm though , so perhaps you might have better luck with heimdall . basically , you need to get the appropriate firmware for your device from here ( signup required ) . then , shut down your device and boot it while holding volume down + power . once the tablet enters download mode , connect it to a pc . if using odin , the file you downloaded goes into the pda box . i am not too sure about heimdall , but it looks like the downloaded file goes into the " heimdall firmware package " box . then click " start " in odin and wait for your device to reboot . at this point , the tablet should boot into android .
unfortunately rooting your phone will not change a thing , as the problem is on the windows side . if windows does not have a way to communicate with the phone ( ie , a driver ) , then it does not matter if the phone has a different rom on it - the hardware is still the same . however , if you package your apps as apks you can upload them to the sd card and then click on them to install that way . in eclipse : right click on the project > android tools > export signed application package . follow the prompts and you are flying .
enable usb debugging and download the sdk tools . then it is super easy : note that on my device , it is ARMv7 , and has ( among other features ) vfp support .
obviously the su binary you installed does not work well with your system . as you luckily created a backup of the original su executable , recommendation is to revert the incompatible changes first : adb shell $ oldsu # mount -o remount,rw /system # rm /system/xbin/su /system/bin/su # cp /system/xbin/oldsu /system/xbin/su # exit $ exit adb reboot  explanation : start adb shell and become root ( using the working oldsu executable ) . delete /system/xbin/su ( which is only a symlink now ) and the incompatible /system/bin/su , then copy the working su back to where it belongs . then exit the root shell and finally adb shell . the reboot is optional , and should not be needed . also optionally you could remove busybox ( or keep it if it works ) . before exiting adb shell you might wish to test whether su works again , just to be sure ( which is why i wrote cp for this : if anything goes wrong , you still have your oldsu available ) . with those steps , you should at least have everything in working order again , and this issue is solved . updating to a newer android version is a separate issue : please check the update tag , as corresponding questions already exist . same for the rom you might need ( check the rom tag for that , and in also check the tag-wikis for update and rom ) .
you should be able to change the input method by long pressing on a text box > input method . the menu should give you a list of input methods , select the one that is not swype .
if you keep using the google voice app for texting , it does not matter if you activate sms via hangouts . however , any texts you send out of hangouts will go through your verizon number , incurring carrier charges . if you are running cyanogenmod 11 rom , you may want to look into voice+ . it is a custom app that allows you to pipe all " regular " sms through google voice , from any app such as hangouts , messaging , handcent , whatsapp , etc . it is still in beta ( as is the entire cm11 ) but works quite well for keeping all the messaging together in a single app . when hangouts got ability to send/receive sms last year , google promised that they will eventually merge google voice functionality into it , thus making it a single app . this looks to be slowly happening behind the curtains . in the latest hangouts v2.1 update , bits and pieces pointing to google voice integration started showing up . we will most likely hear more about this in the upcoming google i/o developers conference this coming summer .
log on to google calendar online through web browser ( i did this on pc . not sure if these steps are available on mobile calendar site ) . go to settings > calendar settings > calenders > click notification against your specific calendar . remove reminder for sms and add reminder for pop up . by the above steps , whenever a new event is added on-line , it will set an alarm notification for it on mobile when synced . for already created event , change the notification for each event to pop up through web browser .
ok , i will answer my own question on this one because i just came across mortplayer . it does exactly what i want : it will load m3u files or just play all files in a directory .
after updating my phone to htc official desire 2.3.3 dev rom , it works . so it looks like there is a bug fixed by android or htc rom in 2.3.3 .
at first , i thought this was most likely an instance of android cloud to device messaging , but it can not be : whatsapp does not declare the necessary permissions , and it works in eclair ( android 2.1 ) , while cloud to device messaging ( and its replacement , google cloud messaging ) require at least froyo ( android 2.2 ) . however , it is most likely some sort of push notification service . it is impossible to say exactly how it is implemented without access to whatsapp 's source code . the part about it being able to receive messages when not in use is relatively easy to explain , though . the app almost certainly has a service which runs in the background to check in with the server periodically ( or receive the server push , or whatever it does ) . when you receive a message , the service pops up a notification . as for the question as to how the server could do a push , here 's a possibility ( again , i can not verify without source code ) : whatsapp starts and opens two sockets : one to listen on and one to send a message to the server . whatsapps starts listening on the first socket . whatsapp sends a message containing your phone number and the port of the listening socket to the server and waits for an acknowledgement . the server records the phone and port numbers in the message and the ip address that the message came from . the server sends an acknowledgement to the app . the app receives the acknowledgement and closes the message socket . a message with your phone number as the destination comes into the server . the server uses the ip address and port number it has associated with your phone number and uses that information to push the message to your phone . for this to work , the app would need to monitor the state of the network connection and reset the listening socket / resend the registration message when necessary ( if the ip address changes , for example ) .
check out sms composer - it has non-threaded inbox and sent message views which i believe is what you are looking for . also , it is freeware .
this turned out to actually be a network provider problem ( in my case : simplemobile in the us ) and the fix is incredibly simple : remove the proxy server from the apn and everything works . the final hint i needed was the google now error message , googling that took me to this thread on xda-developers . i have no explanation for why ' clear data ' fixed the issue for a few minutes and why this did not occur when tethering the tablet through the phone ( maybe a cached server connection somehow ? ) . it does however explain why the problem occured again when putting the sim card into the tablet ( the apn comes with the problematic proxy as a preset ) , and that should have tipped me off , i guess .
the ' haifa ( current ) ' display is the weather at the position your phone thinks it is currently located at . in other words , the ' current ' refers to current position . the other ' haifa ' display is the weather at the extra city location that you have set up . the displays show different weather because the specific locations used by your phone within haifa are presumably different , even though they are both within haifa .
most probably , street view imagery is not available for your location ( yet ) . cross check the web version with any pc for the same location that does not work on your phone check a well-supported street view location such as google hq on your phone
the root process should not fail . there is a thing called " auto nootering " which will automatically do the rooting for you . they have been keeping it up to date with each update coming out for the device from b and n . if the device reboots 8 times in a row , it will reset itself to factory settings . you can find more info here . you need a microsd card to root the device . basically , you put an image onto the sd card , then turn on the nook and it boots that image and enables root access . you then remove the sd card and re-format it ( because the image previously will give it a small partition , additionally you do not want it to boot it again after you have already done it once ) . the nook color is setup that it will boot up off of the sd card before it will boot off of the internal memory ( hence why this rooting process works ) . you can therefore have a dual boot with the stock rom plus another rom on the sd card ( nookie froyo , cyanogenmod7 , or the honeycomb rom ) . this way you experiment with roms and not mess up your stock image . however , it is loading these from the sd card , therefore it will be a bit slower than if it was running off the internal memory of the device . but you can also flash these roms to the internal memory as well .
first thing to try is to clear the data and cache for both apps and their storage ( Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications ) and then re-sync ( possibly in the app , or in Settings -&gt; Accounts and sync ) .
you can side-load any android app provided you have the apk . however , by default these phones do not come pre-installed with google 's core applications like the play store . but you can " hack " the devices and install google apps . needless to say it will void warranty and root access is required . there is this guide in xda forums that should help people install google services on their nokia x device .
a known issue with running 2 avs is that they will consider each other as a potential virus . this has to do with the behaviour of these programs . they scan directories , perform root-operations ( if you have installed the av on a rooted device ) , and so on . this is true on any system , not only mobile devices . you can in most cases run an av together with an anti-malware product . i do say in most cases . as mentioned by karan , there is no real need for av software as long as you only run google play / appstore apps and you do not download any rubbish from sites you visit . do keep in mind that there are some dangerous apps on google play . i am an android user myself , definitly no ifanboy , and i must admit not all play apps are safe . so always check the permissions and intentions of an app before installing it . i myself have avast ! mobile security on my tablet . this is because i run some off-the-market apps . ms also allows me to protect some apps with a pincode , such as my email apps . i do not think running an av is a waste of resources , but if you handle your device with care , there is no real need for one .
it is up to the app to register an intent filter for urls it can understand . when the app does this , and you click an appropriate link , the chooser asks you which you want to open . if you have previously had a chooser for amazon links , and accidentally selected to always use a web browser , you can undo this by going into the device settings , then apps . select the browser from the list , and then click clear defaults . if you have never had a chooser for amazon links , then the app can not respond to them . it is possible to use a third-party app to act as an intermediary , so that you open the amazon links in that app , and it forwards them to the amazon app , but if the amazon app does not understand the url you are using , the results are unpredictable : it might crash , or simply open to the main screen . you will have to contact the developer through their official support channels to ask them to add this feature .
thanks @rossc and @filoxo for your comments . adding these as answer : if you are rooted there is an option in titanium backup pro to remove anything from the dalvik cache not linked to an app . this orphan data suggests that data may remain in the cache after the app is no longer using it or even uninstalled . there is also nothing wrong with periodically wiping your device 's dalvik cache using a custom recover like twrp . it might take a little bit longer to start up some apps , but that would be almost unnoticeable on most modern devices .
you could just cache the route portion of the map using the Make available offline feature . then , all need afterwards is the gps , which does not use your data plan .
so i just looked at the firmware for my samsung vibrant , you do not actually need to mount the image -- i was thinking of the recovery image or a nandroid backup . the firmware ( rom ) should be in a zip file , which you can open up and go to /system/app/ and grab the camera . apk . i would put it on your phone 's sd card , then use root explorer or similar to copy it into /system/app/ on your device and overwrite the current one ( which you may want to back up first ) . you can check out my answer to another question for info on mounting , but you should not have to do that : )
yes overworking the cpu is what creates the intense heat , this intense heat is detected by the os and shutdowns the phone to protect your hardware . ( a pc works just the same ) .
according to this forum deleting the youtube account resolves it .
i have had similar issues with google goggles , the android api demo app , and one or two other apps . i strongly believe this is just a bug in the battery statistics , as it has never impacted my battery life in a meaningful way . usually the way i make this go away is by rebooting the phone , although that is not ideal .
it is a combination of a pdf and a browser issue . some pdfs work fine while others do not across different browsers . downloading the pdf you mentioned , here are the results using different browsers : chrome : cannot open pdf from notification boat browser : cannot open pdf from notification dolphin : can open pdf from notification downloading a different pdf from another site , here are the results using different browsers : chrome : can open pdf from notification boat browser : can open pdf from notification dolphin : can open pdf from notification update 2013-10-11: according to scott 's findings , this is a pdf issue . the content-type header of the problematic pdf is application/x-download , while the working pdf is application/pdf . if you control the server which is serving these pdfs , you can switch the content-type header to allow it to open in all browsers . php example : in php this was previously broken when sending :  header('Content-Type: application/x-download');  switch this to this header to work :  header('Content-Type: application/pdf'); 
that very much depends how and where you place the " secret " , and what other conditions/restrictions are in place . network storage ( such as cloud services or email ) e.g. require a network connection to be present , and the transfer might be noticed . a local copy might not have the copy-process noticed , but the copies could be found , in most times easily when using a file explorer . your " secret act " might also indicate infringment on a 3rd persons privacy ( if only your own photos are involved , then why the secrecy ? ) , which not only would be indecent , but also may incur a penalty ( no accusing , just a hint ) . but assuming completely legal application , there might be a few options available : photocopy backups photos to email . the app 's description states : " when the program runs , there is no indication at all " photo auto uploader automatically uploads pictures to picasa or facebook after pictures are captured auto uploader does the same for configured services foldersync can synchronize your photo 's folder ( and of course others ) periodically in the background -- to cloud services as well as to your home computer there are more apps for each of the mentioned categories . there may also be some to create local copies , but i am not aware of any at this time .
you might want to take a look at pure calendar widget . will cost you about two bucks , but does exactly what you request : widget for agenda / tasks / todo ( agenda style ) synced with google calendars show calendars from google , touchdown and moto/lg exchange show tasks from astrid , tasks ( team ) , myphoneexplorer , ultimate to-do list , tasksync , calengoo , dgt gtd , gtasks , got to do , task organizer , due today , touchdown , pocket informant pure calendar widget / agenda widget for android ( source : google play ; click image for larger variant ) an alternative could be agenda widget for android ( second screenshot above ) , which has a free trial variant ( which i linked ) and comes close to what the previously mentioned does . as i do not use any of those , i cannot tell you which might fit you best -- but at least with the free variant , you might want to give it a try : )
as i was writing that question i stumbled upon the answer in a really convoluted menu pathway . i was unable to find it in my prior research on the internet so i will post it up in case anyone is looking in future . open the settings app . go to language and keyboard . touch the settings button next to touch input under keyboard and input methods touch personal dictionary touch edit personal dictionary press the menu button then touch delete then select incorrect entries to remove .
root in linux ( or any unix-like system ) is just the user with user id 0 . the su program ( which actually stands for " switch user " , not " super user" ) is just a program to start another program with a different user id than the starting program ( by default to uid 0 , which is to user root ) . android does not use the traditional /etc/passwd , however it still uses linux user id and group id for managing permissions . if you want to intercept su requests so you can ask for password or enforce other rules , you will need to replace /sbin/su with your own version of su . alternative approach is the one described here : http://www.koushikdutta.com/2008/11/fixing-su-security-hole-on-modified.html though that will require applications to cooperate by firing an intent when they want to switch user . android security framework is more or less like this : each installed application runs on its own user id ( selected at installation time ) , and application permissions is implemented as user groups . can i change the root password after rooting my android device by simply typing " passwd " ? android does not use /etc/passwd so it also does not have passwd program . how is the rooting process working ? i mean what is the " one click root " apps doing to my phone ? i am not quire sure with the exact process myself , you probably want to ask to rooting developers . however , my guess is it just reverts the security check that originally prevent developer from setuid 0 . and im a developer , so how can i find hidden apis ( like ios ) for rooted app development ? since android is open source , there is no truly hidden api in android . however , there are some unpublicized or undocumented apis , you can browse for this in android 's source code . however , these apis are not about root developments , they are usually in-development apis that are not ready yet or is too localized for specific purpose that is not useful for public developer ( or perhaps google just have not realized their usefulness yet ) . you are not restricted from using these apis , but since these are not an officially supported apis , they may disappear or break backward compatibilities in the future . if you need to use these apis make sure your app breaks gracefully .
this thread gives a nice step by step tutorial on how to re-flash to stock ics , which will relash the stock recovery . in a nutshell : how to restore galaxy s3 to android 4.0.4 ics xxlaf2 stock firmware : download the ics stock firmware file from here or here . after the rom file is downloaded successfully , you should extract its contents and you will get a single file with the ‘ . tar . md5′ extension . save it on your computer’s desktop . download odin3 3 . o4 for galaxy s3 i9300 from here . extract odin . zip contents into a single folder and save it on your pc desktop . now , power off your galaxy s3 phone and after this you will need to boot into download mode . boot into download mode by pressing ‘volume down’ + ‘home’ + ‘power’ and release these buttons only after the display powers on . press volume up button to confirm that you want to load download mode . now , go to your pc and launch the ‘odin’ executable file . the one you’ve extracted at step 4 . next , connect your sgs3 i9300 to your computer and odin should display a message box saying ‘added ! ! ’ . if you don’t see this message then it means that the usb drivers aren’t installed on your pc and you should use the download links in the preparation guide , the ones listed above this tutorial guide . if odin did find the samsung usb driver you’re free to move to the next step . in odin click the button that is called ‘pda’ . find the file you’ve extracted at step 2 . it should have the ‘ . tar . md5′ extension . select it and it will be loaded into odin . note : don’t change any of the odin’s default settings and make sure that the ‘re-partition’ option isn’t selected . press the start button in odin and the program will now begin to install the stock firmware files . when the installation is complete you will see a ‘pass’ alert displayed by odin and this means that everything went according to plan . your phone will also restart and after the samsung logo appears you are free to unplug the device from your computer . note : if odin gets stuck you are required to disconnect the phone from your pc and remove its battery and then re-insert it and , now repeat all the entire tutorial once again as something went wrong and the firmware wasn’t flashed . that should do it , now your phone has been restored to factory stock firmware . make sure to use the comments section in case you other questions .
on the nexus 7 there is not a separate menu option for " reboot into safe mode " . you have to long press on " power off " and then the safe mode dialog appears . i would try that , since i imagine it would work the same way if the gnex supports it .
unrevoked 3 will root the htc desire without replacing the rom , however it does reflash the recovery rom : http://unrevoked.com/#desire
flash is only available for android 2.2+ . you will not be able to install it on any older version of android .
android does not natively support pure ipsec client to connect to cisco like vpn concentrators . for that first you need to root your device and install any custom rom with tun kernel module support and install this app http://code.google.com/p/get-a-robot-vpnc/ configuration to be used is , connection name : cisco ( can be anything ) ip sec gateway : get it from vpn profile config file [ * . pcf ] ip sec id : this is the groupname , can found in pcf file ip sec secret : decrypted group password ( encrypted password can be found in pcf file ) decryption tool username : vpn user id password : soft token generated password . leave all other configuration as empty or default .
sure it can be done . i never used this feature , so i am not sure whether there is an option for " a simple icon " , but you should take a look at the " bookmark widget": first , start your browser and create a bookmark for the page you want to link to . second , go to your homescreen , long-tap on a free space ( where you want the link to be ) , select " widgets " , and then watch out for the " bookmark widget " . tap it , select your bookmark , et voila ! there should be a shortcut on your homescreen . alternative to the second step : while still in your browser , go to " bookmarks " , long-tap the bookmark you created , and select " add to homescreen " ( source : androidcentral ) . more alternatives : is it possible to create a url link to a website on the home screen ? pinning web sites to android homescreen check the many bookmark widgets available at google play use the tasker app to create a shortcut ( not that easy when trying tasker for the first time , as it is quite complex – but here i am pretty sure it will be an icon . and as side-effect , you have got the mightiest automation tool available for android : ) to do the similar thing to open a file with an associated app , depending on the launcher used , explained using an example : go to your homescreen long press an empty space where the icon should be placed in the opening menu , select " shortcut " select your file manager ( this will not work with all file managers ; in my example , i used es file explorer , which perfectly serves this case ) now navigate to the file you want to create a shortcut for ( in my example , i selected an epub ebook ) the icon should appear on your homescreen . now , tapping that icon , either your ebook reader opens directly ( if only one is installed , or you have made it the default to " always use" ) , or , as in my case , a popup asks you to chose the app to be used ( e . g . aldiko , moon+ reader , fbreader ) .
restoring factory defaults without deleting any apps or data is a contradiction in terms , as that is exactly what the reset does ( see : factory-reset ) . could it be you just want your app to survive , but do not care about everything else being reset ? that could be done by making the app a system app ( see : system-apps ) , which requires the device to be rooted ( see : rooting , root ) in the first place . apart from that , the answer is " no " . as soon as your customer applies a factory-reset , your app will be removed as well .
you cannot update inbuilt browser even though your phone is rooted . anyway you have some other good alternative browsers in market like dolphin , opera .
i was getting this error constantly today , so i went to Settings &rarr ; Applications &rarr ; All &rarr ; Voice Command . from there i clicked Force Stop &rarr ; OK then Clear Data &rarr ; OK . then i relaunched the voice command by tapping the microphone button on my google search widget . the voice command worked perfectly , and i have not seen the error message in about an hour .
well , that turned out to be so easy that i did not found any documentation about that . what you have to do is to long press the keyboard keys just as you do in a soft keyboard , it will show a popup with diacritics you can use for that letter ( in the image you can see what happens when you long press letter " u" ) . then click on the button corresponding to the character you want to use or the close button to exit . ( this image contains icons from farm fresh icons by fatcow web hosting ) note that not all letters have this behavior , in which case at long pressing they repeat as normally do elsewhere .
from searching android forums i see that some people had screen protectors covering the speaker . could this be your issue ? i also saw reference to the quick settings app which has a voice call volume setting . hopefully you can set that to its highest setting and your calls will at least be set to the loudest setting .
the problem is , that my android device automatically turns off the 3g connection as soon as wifi is available . why do not you shut off wi-fi ? since you can not control port forwarding or anything at work , there is not much else you can do . although , you could just ask and see whether they had consider opening the google talk ports ( 443/5222/5223 ) .
i installed them all again . while google play knew my apps , it did not automatically install them again . so pressing install on every app brought them back . about backup , i found that the android sdk has a backup function that backups everything , installed apps as well , next them i use that , maybe this makes reinstallation of apps unnecessary .
unfortunately this is not something that can not be turned on or off . it is possible that it is a vendor specific thing , you do not say what device you have or if you are rooted or not , so i assume this is the case . i am running a sgs3 with a custom rom on it ( aokp ) and i have just restarted the device and can confirm there was no vibration during the start or stop procedure . however my nexus one with a stock rom did vibrate . a possible fix is to root the device and stick a custom rom on there , but that is quite an extreme fix for the issue .
often fastboot drivers are different from the ones used by recovery mode and/or fully-booted android system . i would recommend re-installing the usb drivers on your pc . you may need to delete existing drivers that windows picked up . full instructions with driver download for nexus 4 here : quote : plug your phone into your computer . go to device manager on your computer and locate your device . it will either be under " android devices " or " other devices " depending whether drivers have been installed or not . right click on your phone and select " uninstall . " in the box that appears , check the option to " delete the driver software for this device . " go back to device manager and refresh . locate your phone and right click to select " update driver software . " manually install the drivers by picking the folder of the files you downloaded . unplug your phone and restart your computer . plug it back in and everything should work . download link : http://www.mediafire.com/?8xb50uktar8096i
i actualy got it by doing the update from a windows 7 computer . kies seems to have difficulties with windows 8 .
you can use the same app that i found for my problem to fix yours : custom locale just install it and then select russian as your predefined language and you are good to go mate .
well , only if your rooted . you would manually have to install the g-apps recovery update zip . if you tell me your country and phone type , i can provide a link , or you can see all available versions here : gapps downloads
cyanogenmod has a barebones list of apps and the relative safety of uninstalling each . while it is for cm roms , the list will be pretty similiar for the droid . fyi , if verizon ever releases any ota updates in the future for your phone , they will not install if you do not have the stock apps installed . usually you are better off ' freezing ' them with titanium backup .
try *#*#4636#*#* in your dial pad ( type the * and # also ) . under Phone information you will find Preferred network type . select GSM or WCDMA from there . you will find WCDMA preferred this will use both 2g and 3g whichever has the better reception WCDMA only this will use only 3g GSM only this will use only 2g
in chrome for android , you select " request desktop site " from the menu in the browser . i do not know if your phone ships with chrome as the default browser or something lg have cooked up , so the option might be named differently , but there should be an equivalent . most sites will respect this , but you might find that if a site is redirecting you to push you to a pay service , they have another way of redirecting you anyway .
can not see how to get an individual bookmark with a thumbnail screenshot of the webpage , but there are a couple of similar things you can do with the default browser in ics . in the screenshot above the top row are bookmarks added to the home screen by going into the browser , opening the bookmarks list , long pressing on a bookmark and selecting " add to home screen " . these appear to be the using the site 's " favicon " . the next two rows are the "3x2 bookmarks " widget , that just lists the contents of my browser 's bookmarks folder . add that by opening your apps list , selecting the widgets tab at the top and then long pressing to drag the "3x2 bookmarks " widget to a home screen . it then gives you a chance to pick a folder in your bookmarks to show ( you could create a new folder in bookmarks beforehand and fill that folder with only web pages that you want to show on your home screen ) .
since the sd cards are slower than internal nand memory , by running a rom off the sd you will be sacrificing on the speed . things like booting up and launching apps will be noticeably slower . the class rating of your sd card will play a large role in how much slower your nc will feel when running in such configuration . it is generally recommended to buy at least a class 6 card for this purpose . by running custom roms from the sd card you will be able to easily keep the original manufacturer installed firmware intact . in nook color the sd card is set as a primary boot device , so if it contains a bootable rom image , it will be used instead of whatever is installed on emmc . by just inserting such a card into the microsd slot and turning the nc on , you will be running a custom rom . boot up without this card - and you are back on the emmc rom , be it stock or a different custom one . this can be quite beneficial for quickly testing out new experimental roms ( e . g . honeycomb builds ) without blowing away your main one . although it is possible to multi-boot off emmc without utilizing the sd card at all , it is a lot more complicated to set up and maintain . this involves re-partitioning the internal memory , using a custom boot image , and modifying the start-up scripts for each rom you had like to have installed side-by-side . needless to say , this type of installation is not for a novice .
no there is no federated xmpp client for android that supports video calling . federated because there many proprietary xmpp clients that do so , but they work only within their own network . the reason because there is no such xmpp client is pretty simple : jingle ( the xep which is used for xmpp video calling ) , is pretty new and most xmpp libraries do not support it yet . this is espically true for the most relevant xmpp library smack ( relevant because it is a java library ) . smack has some jingle components , but the development on them stopped years ago and they do not seem up to date . but there is hope : for example the beem project started to work on an jingle xmpp branch of their xmpp android client . update : jitsi has not released it yet , but it is already available in alpha and has video calls .
i had that on my old htc magic a couple of times , it is supposedly down to not properly doing the eject disk bit in windows and unmount drive bit on the phone before unplugging it . after it had annoyed me enough times by asking me to repair the disk every time , i unplugged the micro-sd card from my phone , put it in a usb sd card reader , plugged that straight into the pc and let windows run the repair . this time the repair completed successfully , and after plugging the sd back into the phone i did not have any more problems with it ( for a few months at least ) .
groups are not available in the facebook app . you will have to go to the website via m . facebook . com or touch . facebook . com
no , this is not possible . in order for your device to be in debug mode/ connect to the computer with the debug cable , it needs to be connected as a slave device . the otg cable tells the tablet to go into host mode . so now your computer is telling your tablet to be a slave but through the enumeration with the otg cable the tablet believes it needs to be the master , there is a quarrel and it appears the tablet wins and is the master and thus your computer does not acknowledge the tablets existence . if you need the debugging tools have you looked into adv wireless debugging ? ( sorry i can not find the link right now but i have used it in the past and know it is somewhere on the developer . android . com site ) i could not find the link so i figured out how to do it again : 1 ) open the command prompt and navigate to your sdk/platform-tools/ folder . 2 ) type adb tcpip 5555 3 ) type adb connect &lt;your device ip address&gt;:5555 4 ) at this point you unplug your device and type adb logcat 5 ) at times , such as unplugging/plugging into a usb device , the logcat will become disconnected , just redo steps 3 and 4 .
no , the battery does not care how it got charged in terms of a given charge . it just takes longer when using your pc because it is getting less current from the pc than the ac charger . here 's a post on android forums which suggests that the current coming from the pc is significantly less than the ac charger . the forum posts list 100ma or 500ma for the pc 's usb port vs . 1000ma from the ac charger ; these numbers could be off but the point is correct . i also found this regarding the same phenomenon with the iphone 4 . so using the ac charger is just a matter of whether you want the phone to charge quicker or not .
to my knowledge , in fastboot mode you cannot mount the device to your pc . mtp and fastboot are two different things . according to the cyanogenmod wiki on fastboot , the solution might be simple : if you see at any point when executing fastboot command , the pc is not configured to use fastboot properly . most typically , this is because you are not running fastboot with elevated privileges . which means : you must run fastboot as root user , e.g. sudo fastboot devices or sudo fastboot-linux oem unlock . if that does not solve your issue , it might help to take a look at the steps necessary to use the adb command line utility : for adb to detect your device , you need to have setup a corresponding entry in your /etc/udev/rules.d . first run lsusb to check how the device identifies itself to the system . these data you can also take from your above quoted log : idVendor=18d1, idProduct=4e20 is the information we need . now , the corresponding entry in /etc/udev/rules.d/51-android.rules should look like : SUBSYSTEMS=="usb", ATTRS{idVendor}=="18d1", ATTRS{idProduct}=="4e20", MODE="0666" GROUP="androiddev", SYMLINK+="android%n"  save the file , and reload the udev service ( service udev reload ) . re-connect your device . now adb ( or , in your case , fastboot ) should be able to find it . you can check that using the command adb devices ( or fastboot devices ) , which now should list your nexus s .
where to find it when it was downloaded if you have been able to " download " the file , the most likely location to find it is either /sdcard/download or /sdcard/downloads . it was not downloaded , but " saved for offline reading " but as it turns out , the stock browser did not give you that option , and you had to " save for offline reading " -- which is something different . in this case the file probably is stored on internal storage ( below /data/data/com.android.browser ) . without root you have got not many chances to access it there . so you could either try with a different browser -- or simply copy-paste the text file into some note-taking app / editor ( e . g . jota text editor or amblelink notepad basic ed . ) . alternative download options if you have to do this more often , or formatting gets lost on copy-paste , you are probably much better of with some " downloader tools " . i just know about tasker , which offers HTTP_GET actions . depending on your rom , the shell might provide wget ( stock rom on my milestone 2 had this ) , so all you need in that case is a terminal app ( e . g . android terminal emulator ) , and there simply execute # change to the directory where you want to store the downloaded file in cd /sdcard/download # get the file wget http://www.example.com/textfile.txt  adjust that to your needs , of course : ) special downloader apps other alternatives would include special " downloader apps " , like e.g. download all files or easy downloader , which you might want to give a try .
i found this app " onavo " . i did not try it but maybe you want to ; ) i read that you can set the limit in the data usage settings . but i do not find the settings , maybe because i use stock rom . hope this answer could help you .
usb otg compatibility is more dependent on the kernel than the actual operating system . if the stock kernel does not support it , then it will ( most likely ) only be a matter of time until a custom kernel is released that has this functionality . if you were to purchase it , remember that the tablet can only give 5v of power to the device - this stops you from using things such as portable hard drives with the device , which require a large power input . you would be best asking on a dedicated rom'ing forum such as xda-developers to find out if the stock kernel supports usb otg , and if not , a custom kernel can be made to support it . please be aware , that you will need an app that allows you to use the usb otg support .
i have tried go contacts and go dialer and it seems really handy with useful features and beautiful look ! p . s i wanted to post a comment but i do not have adequate permission for " comment everywhere " right now !
looks like there are several options . here are a couple of the more popular apps : wififofum appbrain description : wififofum scans for 802.11 wifi networks and displays information about each including : ssid , mac , rssi , channel , and security . wififofum also allows you to connect to networks you find and log the location using the gps . kml logs can be emailed . wifi scanner appbrain description : *no ads *option to connect added for open networks ! ! ! *update comming soon a free wifi scanner for wireless networks for android . the wifi signal is displayed in dbm format ! if you are looking to sniff traffic try : shark for root appbrain description : traffic sniffer , works on 3g and wifi ( works on froyo tethered mode too ) . to open dump use wireshark or similar software , for preview dump on phone use shark reader . based on tcpdump . please leave comments/send e-mail if you have any problems/suggestions .
yes . the app that starts the intent ( i.e. . the app with the " take photo " button ) is responsible for choosing a file name and creating the file . it then puts that file 's uri ( its path ) in the intent . the camera app then opens that file , writes the photo to it , and gives a result back to the first app . the upshot of this is that it is up to the calling app ( the one with the " take photo " button ) to give you a way to set the file name , if they want to do that . the file name will take effect whatever camera app you use . the intent protocol does not provide a way for the calling app to ask for more than one photo , so there is no way for an app to offer this feature without launching the camera app several times in succession . if you are interested in the details , the official android developer documentation describes it , with code examples .
i have a galaxy s4 with 4.4.2 . i realize that touchwiz is a bit different between the two devices but maybe this will help . i can not tell you for sure what contributes to the ranking on the list but it seems to me that it is based on number of calls primarily . there is no one in my favorites list that i have not made a call to and i have many contacts not on the favorites list that i only sms , email , etc , with . as far as removing a contact , i can hit the menu button and have an option " remove from favorites " which brings up a checkbox list allowing me to delete .
you need a rooted phone for this . first get the /hosts file : adb pull /system/etc/hosts  this copies it into your current working directory . now make your changes . ( if you are not using a unix system make sure that you use something that supports unix newlines , like notepad++ , sublime text , gedit etc . ) then we need to send it back to the device with : adb remount adb push hosts /system/etc/hosts  the first line remounts your /system partiton so you can write to , and the second pushes it back . now reboot your device . as you already have a terminal open just type : adb reboot 
this happened to me previously . all i did was just wait and it eventually updated to play store .
is this what you are looking for [ paid app ] : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.vmlite.vncserverhl=en however , if you are willing to go through a lengthy process [ but free ] , you can follow the tutorial here to access your phone via pc .
all you need is the titaniumbackup folder on the sd card . this contains all your backup information . make sure to have the Auto-sync TB settings preference checked . titanium backup , ironically , will not back itself up when running a backup . this check-box ensures that your settings for the app are saved as well ( such as schedules and preferences ) . you can also create an update . zip file which can be used to install tb in the recovery : go to the menu , click more , then scroll down until you see Create "update.zip" . this particular file will not be stored in the titaniumbackup folder , but rather on the root of your sd card . after you wipe everything , just copy the titaniumbackup folder back onto the sd card , install your rom , and install tb ( either from google play or from the update . zip file if you created it ) . it should automatically pick up all its old settings and be ready to restore your apps .
yes , it has hspa+ which is what t-mobile 's "4g " actually stands for . this article on androidauthority should help you understanding why it does not have lte .
opengts provides fleet tracking , and there is a ( paid ) android app on the market . given that it is open source , it is always possible someone ( you ? ) could develop a free app as well .
i did not see this issue on a custom rom - is it an issue with the stock samsung rom ? i would suggest you find out - and if you really want to get rid of it , install a custom rom onto your phone after rooting - i find sapir 's cm10 rom to work well , and i do not see this issue . please check http://forum.xda-developers.com for more info on rooting and installing custom rom 's to your device .
this appears to be baked in to the stock rom you are using . there are widgets , like silentwidget which will let you toggle the silent mode without using the power button method , although this requires you to go to the launcher to do this - to get around this , have a look at a multitasking app like powerstrip which will allow you to launch apps , see widgets and more from anywhere on your device without having to go back to the launcher .
i did resolve this issue eventually . i use app protector pro on the main account of the device , but it is not installed in the second user . somehow having this enabled on the primary account disrupts the screen ordering on the second and subsequent users . it occurred to me that this might be the case , and testing has proved it so . you need to disable app protector pro to resolve .
i have used my tracks while walking , and a cyclist friend of mine is fond of sports track live
the short answer nope , not possible , or at least compicated and tedious , because android defaults to wifi since it is generally faster , more reliable and has no data cap however you may want to look into this app . while it requeires a rooted device , it allows you to leverage on both your wifi and 3g to download at the same time . the long answer as t0mm13b has suggested ( and i eagerly defer to him ) , if you are really serious about this and have the necessary expertise , you can modify the source code to remove the mutually exclusive flip/flop and also at the ril layer unfortunately , i am not qualified enough to do more than point you in the direction of the android developer page if you decide to go down this route .
according to several sources ( including a.o. technipages and androidcentral ) the cause of this problem is lacking space in your device 's internal memory , which must have at least 25mb free space left . t-mobile 's support pages have a detailed instruction on how to solve the issue . though for some steps it was not clear to me what android version ( and what menu option ) they were referring to , as a basic abstract the most important points include : remove apps you no longer need this is the fastest solution , as it will certainly reclaim larger amounts of space per single step . to do so , you can e.g. use androids default app manager : go to settings &rarr ; applications &rarr ; manage applications , select the downloaded tab ( you only can remove apps you downloaded yourself ) , check which apps you no longer need , tap their entry , and hit the uninstall ( or remove ) button . in case this is grayed out , you might need to force stop the app first . move apps to your sd card this option is available with android 2.2 and higher , but does not work with all apps . in short , apps must actively support this -- and must not provide widgets and some other things in order to be moved to sd card . the built-in " mover " only permits you to move apps applying to these rules . cleaning up caches you can do so manually going to settings &rarr ; applications &rarr ; manage applications , select " all " ( not just " downloaded " ) , tap each app , and select the clear cache button . clear history this is for your call-logs etc . i doubt this reclaims lots of space . having followed these essential steps ( which i placed in the order of " most effective first" ) , your problem should be gone .
on the My Talks tab , tap/press options button ( you can tap the overflow menu in the top right corner if you are on tablet ) . there is a Remove Items in menu . that should do the trick . it puts an x on all the videos and i am assuming a tap on that will delete them . i have not done this , because i have not gotten around to watching them yet .
i checked that myself . i installed cwm 6.0.1.0 on my galaxy tab p5100 , then i tried to restore the twrp backup that i already had , and it did not work . maybe it needs a little more technical work . but with a normal procedure , it does not work .
you could try switching your router temporarily to 802.11n-only mode and see if the tablet still connects . if the tablet does not connect , it does not support it .
because of how android has evolved over the years many newer devices have the same files mounted ( usually with a bind mount ) in multiple places . others are symbolic links . it is really too bad that the file manager app is not showing you these details :-/
you can try side-loading a flash player apk file . there are a whole lot of them floating around on xda , such as this thread which has a download for flash 11 . whether or not it works will also depend on other factors , such as the version of android on the device and the processor it has ( flash requires an armv7 processor and android 2.2 or later ) .
try settings > applications > manage applications . all > network location > clear data .
there is probably tons of ways to do this , but here 's what i can think of offhand : if you have adb set up on your computer then use it to push the rom file over : adb push /path/to/ROM /sdcard upload it to dropbox , box , or any other cloud file storage service and then download it via the associated android app upload it to a file sharing service like mediafire and then download it in your browser if you downloaded the rom from somewhere , visit that site in the browser on your tablet and download it directly install a file manager or other app that supports ftp and send it over via a wifi lan connection ( one example ) try kies air - i think it supports wireless file transfer
this is something of an oversimplification , but the simple answer is : you can not . what makes this an oversimplification ? well , it is because it depends on how a given app is implemented . android applications are based around the concept of an activity , which is described in the development documentation as : an activity is a single , focused thing that the user can do . when a new activity is launched it is placed onto a system-wide " activity stack " at the top of the stack ( for anyone unfamiliar , see stack ( data structure ) ) . when the back button is pressed , the current activity ( at the top of the stack ) is finished and removed from the stack , causing the previous one ( beneath it on the stack ) to be brought to the foreground . this pop/bring-to-foreground behavior continues as you keep pressing the back button until you land at home , which is the start of the stack . from here , you cannot go " back " any further . now , how does this apply to apps ? in many applications , an activity represents one , individual screen . when you advance to a new screen , then , a new activity is actually created for the screen and pushed onto the stack on top of the one that created it . in apps that use this design , hitting back will , in fact , bring you to the previous screen . the reason should be fairly self-evident : the screen you are currently viewing is on the top of the stack , the previous screen sits below it ( since they are each activities themselves ) . thus , hitting back removes the current screen from the stack , finishes it , and then loads the previous one . this is not a required model , however . you can have an activity that contains multiple layouts and screens . we have used this in my office to , for example , create a configuration wizard of sorts . the idea is that hitting back should simply exit the wizard , and there are " back " and " next " buttons on the screen itself to provide navigation . thus , even if you are on the third screen of the wizard , you have not created any additional activities , so hitting the back button ( hard button ) will take you out of the " wizard activity " and back to the " menu activity " . further , the behavior of the back button can be overridden by an application of they so choose . it simply calls a method named onBackPressed() , which performs the default behavior of going backwards on the activity stack . however , if there is an overridden implementation of onBackPressed() in the current activity , that will be executed instead . so to sum up : the idea that the back button goes back to the previous " screen " is not guaranteed at all . the hard back button deals with activities only , which are often " screens " to the user , but are not necessarily , and are in no way required to be . there is no concept of " go back one screen " unless the app you are using says there is , but that functionality is still not guaranteed to be provided by the back button itself . further reading : activity and task design activity documentation
this can not be done in a totally automated fashion , as indicated by the accepted answer to this stackoverflow question . basically , it is against the android security model to allow Unknown Sources to be changed programmatically .
i have not been able to find out how to do that either . however , i have found you can share places by clicking on them and then selecting " share this place . "
i can think of one nasty block of text off the top of my head : your bit . ly key that you have to provide to 3rd party applications ( i.e. . twitter clients ) . it is like a 20+ random character string . so any other long " key " like string would be a good reason to blast it from your desktop . images : maybe you found a cool image for a desktop background ?
yes , rooting is usually ( but not always ) required . the following are some options : android screencast : probably one of the more easier and popular sol'n google code project " android vnc " . have to search for it , i can only post 1 link at a time right now . . . droid explorer : app from marketplace android vnc server : a guide that uses a different apk from either sol'n above try them out and see which one gives you the best options .
yes , here is the source code download and what you need to use it . http://source.android.com/download and the license agreement : http://source.android.com/license home page : http://www.android.com/ the wiki : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/android%5f%28operating%5fsystem%29 from the wiki : at google , the team led by rubin developed a mobile device platform powered by the linux kernel which they marketed to handset makers and carriers on the premise of providing a flexible , upgradeable system .
not in the usa . virgin mobile usa 's network is cdma , while the galaxy note is a gsm phone . virgin mobile uk is a gsm network , so galaxy note will work on it . although depending on whether the phone and the carrier use the same frequencies for 3g , you may only get 2g speeds .
ok so it looks like you are not trying to run it properly . first things first you need to create an android virtual device ( avd ) . this will be the profile of the device you will be emulating . open up a terminal and follow these steps . make sure you have the sdk installed and you are in the ./tools directory of your sdk . for this example i will be creating an avd named " nexus_7" . step 1: determine your target : /.android list targets  you will get an output of all of your available targets , here is the one i will use : step 2: create the avd : ./android create avd -n "Nexus_7" -t 3  for simplicity , when it prompts you to create custom hardware specs , just enter ( or enter no then press enter ) . you should get output like this : step 3: launch the emulator here is the moment of truth : ./emulator -avd "Nexus_7"  it will take quite a while for the emulator to start , especially on the newer android builds . you can screw around with hardware acceleration if you want it to move a bit faster . also you should use screenshots to speed up the boot time . i got all of the info from : android docs
in my view , battery capacity i.e. the mah value is best the way to compare . the reason why i say this is that the battery drain includes so many factors that even a small software glitch can show a remarkable difference . hence the standby time is a combination of several factors which are not reliable for comparison , unless they are from from same manufacturer ( with a hope that there will not be variations in test situation ) . the guide from gsmarena explains this clearly as : manufacturers measure talk time in controlled conditions and the quoted numbers are rarely reached in real-life scenarios . these numbers are best used as reference when comparing phones from the same manufacturer because battery life measurement methodology will probably vary from manufacturer to manufacturer . with battery rating at least you know your how much capacity the battery has and how it gets used or wasted is simply a temporary situation ( i.e. . by changing rom , updates , platform upgrades etc ) .
my phone was a yakju and i do not know why those ones are updated like 2 months after the takju . i had to flash it manually to turn it into a takju and after reboot the update was directly available .
as long as it is the exact same model ( be very careful here , since nexus 5 has gsm and cdma models ) your plan will work . if you are planning to unlock your phone 's bootloader , root it and install a custom recovery and rom , it is easily done with nandroid . on original nexus 5 you run nandroid backup . using adb pull copy the newly created backup directory to your pc ( the path will be different depending on the recovery you are using . ) unlock the bootloader of your new nexus 5 . boot into your new phone and enable usb debugging . now hook it up via usb and accept the authorization prompt . this is a very important step . do not skip this , otherwise adb will refuse to connect to the phone , even in recovery . install same version of custom recovery as you were using on your original nexus 5 . using adb push copy the backup folder you retrieved in step 2 from your pc onto the new phone . on the new phone boot into recovery and run nandroid restore . keep in mind that nandroid does not back up or restore the contents of media storage ( /sdcard ) , so you will need to copy those files manually ( adb pull/push works quite well , or you can use other methods as izzy mentioned in the comments ) . if you cannot ( or do not want to ) unlock the bootloader , you may want to look into using adb backup tool . however , this method also has its down sides ( e . g . sms messages are not backed up or restored , failure to back up some media , etc . )
in fact , one is available from motorola here , posted by reddit user troub ( source ) . it is a .dae file but can be converted using autodesk fbx converter ( see www.cadstudio.cz/download or www.autodesk.com/fbx ) . alternatively , it is posted here on thingiverse as a .stl file .
i then tried uninstalling gmail by deleting the file and then trying to reinstall it from the play store you can not install it from the play store , you can only update an existing version . this is to prevent phones that have not met google 's official criteria from getting the core google apps , though there are workarounds ( see below ) . the apk deletion seemed to put it in a strange state where it disappeared from the phone . . . but still the play store considers it as installed deleting the . apk is akin to deleting acrobat.exe from windows without uninstalling adobe acrobat . it will not run since it does not exist , but the system still thinks it is installed and there may be other junk left behind . to fix this you had need to flash the google apps package ; this question might help with that . since you are only suffering from the market not auto-updating right now , you can either try to trigger the update or manually install the new version ; see this question for that . in the future do not delete apps you want ! or at least back them up :p
as i mentioned in my comment , upon further research i found that " follow me " feature or " navigation without destination set " was removed from the latest release of android map app . following someone else 's advice i am switching ( at least for now ) . to the waze app
if you press and hold the folder , one of the home icons will turn into a trash icon . just drag the folder to the trash icon .
according to the dolphin for android phone faqs , you can manually create a shortcut to the home screen : how do i create a shortcut for dolphin sonar to the home screen manually ? please click menu> more> settings> gesture and sonar > sonar settings> create shortcut .
in order for the voice actions to successfully set the alarm the device must contain an app that implements the android.intent.action.SET_ALARM intent . ( read more in the documentation of android . provider . alarmclock . ) there is no guarantee that your device contains such an app ( unless it is a stock android ) . the situation is worse on samsung galaxy s ii ( with ics ) which by default comes with samsung 's own clock app which seems to handle the intent but actually does not , i.e. in response to the voice action a blank clock window pops up and no alarm is set . so voice actions will not even find out that the alarm setting task was not carried out . the only app that i am aware of that properly handles this intent and can be used with voice actions is alarm clock plus★ . it is likely that there are more such apps but android market does not make finding them easy , because it does not offer a search-by-intent feature . . .
i have come up with one potential answer myself : trim solid state disks ( ssds ) and some flash memory require the operating system to perform a kind of housekeeping task to maintain the efficiency of the device . the operating system command trim is explained in this anandtech article : http://www.anandtech.com/show/2738/10 its applicability to certain android devices , including my samsung galaxy nexus and asus nexus 7 is explained in these xda developers threads : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2104326 http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1971852 an xda member wrote an app called lagfix which purports to exercise the trim maintenance function , thus restoring write performance for the device . since i recently performed a complete factory reset , i am no longer having performance problems and thus i can not directly corroborate the purported benefits of lagfix . if i am in a position where performance is suffering , i may do some benchmarking and see if lagfix improves the situation . please be aware if you plan to try lagfix that there are some devices that have chips that do not play nice with this utility . these chips have what is come to be called a brickbug , and if you run lagfix on one of these devices , you will irrevocably brick your device . i highly recommend you follow the advice and read the lagfix faq . it points to a utility which can tell you if your device contains a chip that may suffer from the brickbug . http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=37029420postcount=122
couple options : use the swap file feature of your ram manager . that'll give you more ( up to 256mb more ) memory to play with and might be enough to stave off the music player kill . toss the ram manager and use something ( like minfreemanager or manually edit the values in /sys/module/lowmemorykiller/parameters/minfree 1 ) that will let you manually specify the low memory killer 's parameters . for the latter , since your priorities are not the usual ones ( kill foreground before killing background , rather than the other way around ) , you want to toss the presets ( which assume " the usual priorities" ) and set the values as such . specifically , you want to set the visible_app ( an app that is not on screen , but is doing something , in this case , cranking out tunes ) value to be lower ( and thus lower on the kill list ) than the foreground_app ( exactly what it says on the tin ) value . further information on what the lmk does and what all these values mean can be found on my answer to this question , which is probably more relevant to your question than the one it was an answer to . 1 as i mention in my other answer , values in this file are in pages , which are 4kb . 8192 , for example , is 32mb .
you could also try mtpfs or gmtp . mtpfs allows to mount the mtp device as a filesystem , while gmtp is a standalone program . over at askubuntu there is an answer that shows how to use mtpfs .
1 ) because only the root user can change the system 's frequency/governor . it is a system level function call and only root can do that . 2 ) under clocking really is not the problem . . . it is over clocking . you can not really damage the device , but you could end up in an infinite boot loop and an average user may not know how to get out of that . 3 ) also : you usually want to replace the kernel when over/under clocking to get new frequencies and possibly under volting to save power ( but at the same time , you are going out of the parameters of the cpu and it may end up boot looping because no two cpus are made exactly alike when you are doing things outside their normal operating parameters ) .
i had the same problem and i found the solution is to rename a file in the system folder : remount /system in read/write mode ( use something like the root explorer app or es file explorer ; both have root modes ( check the app 's settings ) for remounting /system as writable ) rename the /system/recovery-from-boot . p to /system/recovery-from-boot . p-bak ( note : you could delete it , but renaming is much safer since its easily reversible ) you could also do this manually in an adb shell or on-phone terminal session : mv /system/recovery-from-boot . p /system/recovery-from-boot . p-bak after you have renamed the file , you might have to re-flash your cwm if it had been missing previously http://androidforums.com/galaxy-nexus-all-things-root/470831-how-all-things-root-samsung-galaxy-nexus.html#post3712027
both ubuntu phone ( which is based on the same linux distro as full ubuntu ) and android run on a linux kernel . however they differ above the kernel level , whereas ubuntu runs a full gnu/linux os with most of the standard linux libraries , and a gui based on qt , android runs a custom android and dalvik platform instead . it looks like one of the big benefits of them both being based on the same linux kernel is driver support . this means that for any android phone that has open-sourced drivers available ( either officially from the manufacturer 's source , or where a 3rd party rom developer has written them ) , it should be a much easier to task to get ubuntu phone running on it . ( notably pretty much every picture on the ubuntu phone site at the moment looks like it is of a galaxy nexus running ubuntu phone ) . ubuntu has already been adapted to run on chipsets using the arm and intel x86 architectures relevant for mobile devices , with the core system based around a typical android board support package ( bsp ) . so chipset vendors and hardware manufacturers do not need to invest in or maintain new hardware support packages for ubuntu on smartphones . in short , if you already make handsets that run android , the work needed to adopt ubuntu will be trivial . ( from http://www.ubuntu.com/devices/phone/operators-and-oems - my emphasis ) this means that , initially at least , it is phone manufacturers and ubuntu enthusiasts who are going to see the biggest benefit - that it should be fairly easy to get ubuntu phone working on a handset that was designed for android ( and fairly easy to sell the same hardware with a choice of os ) . as the vast majority of android apps are written using java for the dalvik vm , neither of which are guaranteed to be on an ubuntu phone ( though enthusiasts may port them later ) most of those apps will not work without a large amount of porting effort . ubuntu themselves are unlikely to be in a hurry to port java and dalvik to ubuntu phone after the legal problems that google have had with oracle . also the ubuntu phone has it is own qml toolkit and ubuntu sdk , neither of which are the same as ( or compatible with ) the android sdk or ndk apis , so again that is going to be a large amount of porting effort that will prevent android apps from being run on ubuntu straight away . on the other hand , if your app is primarily a web app with an android wrapper around it , then porting should be much easier as both heavily support html5 and javascript . web apps are first class citizens on ubuntu , with apis that provide deep integration into the interface . html5 apps written for other platforms can be adapted to ubuntu with ease , and we’re targeting standard cross-platform web app development frameworks like phonegap to make ubuntu ‘just work’ for apps that use them . ( from http://www.ubuntu.com/devices/phone/app-ecosystem ) despite all of those differences , history in the mobile space has shown us that if a mobile platform takes off in a big way , then no matter how big the time and effort needed to port apps between platforms , all the big apps and games will make their way to the new platform eventually and companies will come out with toolkits and software that makes it easy to write an app once that can then be compiled to run on any of the major platforms ( that allow it ) . it seems that most of ubuntu 's app-portability is concentrating on making it easy to convert web apps into ubuntu phone apps , and to make it easy to run exactly the same app on any ubuntu device - desktop , laptop or phone : with the arrival of the ubuntu sdk , apps can be written to work on all ubuntu form-factors : it’s the same ubuntu os on the desktop and on the phone , so a single native application can work on both . which means you re-use most of the app when you add support for a new form-factor . ( from http://www.ubuntu.com/devices/phone/app-ecosystem ) tl ; dr ubuntu phone and android are both based on a linux kernel but are different above that - they can share drivers ( this is good for manufacturers and hobbyists ) , but can not share apps . ubuntu phone shares apps with desktop ubuntu , not with android . they both have good web browsers and can view the same web pages .
there is no difference . the device was simply renamed within the build system between the release of cm9 and cm10 , as the cyanogenmod wiki page for the i9100 notes : this device used to be called galaxys2 on get . cm , so older builds of cm can still be found under that title . so builds of cm9 ( or earlier ) will use the galaxys2 moniker , whereas builds from cm10 onward will use i9100 .
i asked a similar question . as a workaround , you can use the data profile feature of titanium backup pro with the analytics app .
dlna is basically the same thing . there are several apps that allow you to use dlna like twonky .
this is not possible , since viber needs to be running in order to receive calls which are routed via viber . if you shut down the background process , you can not be reached via viber . the exit button just means it closes the ui , but keeps listening for calls in the background .
there currently is no official update for the n1 to gingerbread yet . however , you could root your phone and install cyanogenmod 7 ( nightly , it has not hit release candidate yet ) to get gingerbread on your phone . from what i have heard , the nightlies have been pretty stable for the n1 . more details on the cm wiki here . basic steps include : root your phone install rom manager flash clockwork recovery make a nandroid backup of your phone flash cm7 note : rooting your phone will void your warranty . for more info about rooting , see here and here .
it is because you have synchronization off . how else is your device supposed to tell the gmail servers that you have read a message ?
install the official dailymotion app from play store . click the download button as seen on the picture below . ( left of hd )
at the time i was semi-blindly following another poorly written walkthrough that just had a series of commands without explaining them . now with some knowledge i eventually worked out that it was better to flash the image to the phone . still do not know why it was taking so long though . eventually with flashing to the phone and then the cyanogen mod , i got it all working . now with rommanager on my phone it'll be sooo much easier in future !
android 3 . x is reserved for tablets , and so would never be running on an actual phone . as for 4 . x , it is basically a waiting game . if there have been assurances from htc that the update will eventually be available for your phone , you will just have to wait until your phone tells you it is available . the only way to speed things up would be to monitor the forums and see when others have gotten the same update . then you will have a chance to download it yourself and tell your recovery to install it . even then its still a waiting game .
this is often caused by linking other social networks ( via the appropriate app ) or third party e-mail providers to the android device . this will cause the contact lists or address books to be synced and shown in your device . this includes for example last fm yahoo mail skype etc .
i am going to answer generally , since the same is true of any smartphone . there are broadly two kinds of colour screen used on mobile devices ( smartphones , tablets , wearables , and handheld game consoles ) : lcds , and oleds . lcd screens these change their opacity according to an electrical signal . but to see that change in opacity , they need a source of illumination : a backlight . in early pdas and the first few generations of android phones , cfls ( which are basically small fluorescent tubes ) were used for backlights , but these days many lcd screens are lit by white leds . either way , the brightness slider controls how bright the backlight is by varying the voltage to it , so it directly affects power consumption , just like a dimmer control on a lamp . it used to be the case that lcds used a lot more power to be opaque , so displaying a black screen drew more power than displaying a white screen . however , manufacturing techniques and densities changed a few years ago , and the difference is negligible these days . oled screens oleds are a new kind of led . they can be a lot smaller than traditional semiconductor leds : small enough for each pixel to be a separate led . there is no need for a separate backlight . because of this , the brightness slider multiplies the brightness of every pixel separately . decreasing the brightness setting does not decrease power consumption directly . the power consumption of the screen depends on how bright is the actual image it is displaying . in general , decreasing the brightness slider will tend to decrease power consumption , because the screen is darker overall , but a white screen on minimum brightness will draw more power than a black screen on maximum brightness . some phones with oled screens have software that adjusts the brightness dynamically , instead of simply multiplying the screen colours by a constant value . this increases the brightness of the bright colours when more of the screen is dark , and decreases the brightness when more of the screen is bright , so the overall brightness looks the same . this can help save power : when you have adjusted the brightness so darks are clear in your environment , there is no point in the phone burning more power to make the brights look brighter than you need . on samsung phones with oled screens , you can find this in the display settings , labelled auto adjust screen tone . summary whatever type of display technology your phone uses , decreasing the brightness control can use less power , but for different reasons in each case .
answer : no based on the currently available information at their support faq page , no , you cannot disable the " sim card change notification " feature with remove sms control : how can i control device via sms configuration 1 ) set a password and enable sms command option using " preference " menu of the app 2 ) send sms commands locate phone : ## locate password siren : ## siren password lock screen : ## lock password screenlockpassword factory reset : ## wipe password reset and format sd : ## wipeall password toggle gps : ## gps password toggle wifi : ## wifi password toggle bluetooth : ## bluetooth password what can you do : you can let the phone owner know how to access the app and from there , pressing " preferences " , it can access the " allow notify via sms " enable/disable checkbox :
when small blue writing appears , let go of just the power button . it should then boot into recovery . source . disclaimer : i am dladdict on xda .
it is a fairly common issue apparently . here 's how to fix it : link just killing the dmclient and cmclient services and rebooting did the trick for me . but disclaimer : results may vary .
the term " brick " usually refers to the stone , which means : " device can only be used as paper-weight " . taken literally , there is no way to " unbrick " . however , you also find terms like " hard-brick " and " soft-brick " used , which makes the term " brick " less absolute : a soft-brick is something you easily can recover from ( count it as a " temporary paper-weight" ) , mostly by software-based solutions ( e . g . re-flash your phone ) -- while a " hard-brick " is rather meant in the way the original term points to . still , technically spoken , even a " hard-bricked " device could be " unbricked " -- but mostly this is more expensive then getting a new device . as for the warranty declaration you quoted : for a normal user , it is almost impossible to ( hard- ) brick his device . even when flashing a custom rom , this can rarely happen , as there are many security-layers involved . almost always you can boot your device into some fall-back mode where it is at least recognized by some " flashing software " , so you could simply flash another/the original firmware back . which means , the risk you are taking is to " soft-brick " your device 1 . a " hard-brick " is quite unlikely with " normal operations " like rooting or flashing custom roms . see also : wikipedia : brick rootzwiki : brick 1 i just learned : " unless you have got a samsung device and used the software recommended by samsung " . so better do not use kies etc . , but rather odin , just to give an example .
just having a usb port is not enough : the host device also needs to understand what protocol the whiteboard uses to communicate ; in other words , the language the whiteboard speaks . there are a number of standard protocols , or profiles , for common devices such as keyboards and mice , but a whiteboard is not one of these . if the whiteboard works by pretending to be a mouse , then it might work as a mouse in android just by plugging it in . the specs for the whiteboard should say " usb hid profile " or something like that , in that case ; or if you have used it with a pc , you might already have noticed something similar . if the whiteboard does not act as one of the standard profiles , you will need the manufacturer of the device to provide drivers and user software for android . a driver for windows or linux will not do . depending on how the driver works , it might be in the form of an app you can just install the usual way , but more likely , there will be a kernel module , and you will need to compile your own custom rom for your device ( which may not be possible for your device anyway , if other drivers for the device are not available ) .
as you said your phone is unrooted , which has two implications . you can not , without altering the phone thoroughly check whether it was tampered with . it makes it harder to tamper with the device . so what you are asking for is not possible without possibly destroying evidence of tampering . if you are afraid what they might have done to it i suggest two options : either do a factory reset or buy a new phone . even if you could look for evidence of tampering be aware that you can never be sure . checksums and modification dates can be faked . if i was you i would ditch that phone . i could never feel safe knowing that someone i do not know access to it for two days . prevention is another thing though . if you want to make sure that this does not happen again watch out for these things : screen lock . use at least a complicated pattern lock makes an attacker harder to access your data . even better set a pass phrase . root this gives complete control to anyone who has physical access to your device . plant fake call logs ? done ! fake text messages ? done ! install undetectable surveillance software ? done ! you get the idea . superuser ( the de facto standard app for managing root access ) has an option to require a passcode as a prerequisite to granting root . use it . disable usb debugging while it is not too dangerous in itself if coupled with root it can provide access to the entire contents of your device even if you have a screen lock . encryption if your device is running android 3.0 or later you have acces to full device encryption . use it . backup apps apps like titanium backup can backup sensitive data to your sdcard . even if you did all of the above , all an attacker would have to do is take out your sdcard an voila ! full access to everything ! make sure that your backups are encrypted with the strongest possible encryption .
in my experience , yes . i tried without wiping and cm7 failed to boot .
founded ugly workaround ( link ) . add exchange account : domain\username : is my aspmx . l . google . com\username@gmail . com server : m . google . com now i can sync calendar - but only first one :/ . still looking for a proper solution .
i had the same problem with google music . if you move the music slider to a different position , it will output sound on both sides , but the bug appears again once it changes track . i believe this is a bug on cyanogenmod 10.1 rc1 . i just updated to rc4 and the bug seems fixed . yay !
if i am interpreting " on the computer " correctly to mean " i want to use the command line on my computer to read an . apk file 's permissions " then you can do that with aapt on a local file like so : if you mean that the . apk is on the device , then i am not aware of a way to do this aside from pulling it and running aapt as above . pm has a list permissions command but it just lists all available permissions on the device and does not accept a package as a parameter ( as far as i know , anyway ) .
the app 's author himself explains how it works at the top of the second page of that thread you linked to : it is the same idea as faceniff ( i am a developer of it also ) , basically it sends arp reply 's to all of the devices in the network fooling them to think that your mobile is router . and then all of the devices try connecting to network through your device . . . and you just drop every single packet from them . in this version it is just dropping packets but maybe later i will try adding some sort of primitive reject target . and slightly more on page 5 originally posted by jufjufjuf is this using an arpspoofing attack ? just wondering if there was anyway to send out de-auth packets through android like airdrop-ng ? yes , it is using arp spoofing . i suppose there is a way to send deauth packets but it would require modifying kernel drivers for wifi card . afaik it will not work out-of-the-box because most of android wifi drivers do not allow packet injections and even changing the mac address of the nic is super-difficult in a lot of devices . as far as tools for desktop oss go , there are a few that will do this kind of thing , mdk3 seems to be a popular one for doing this kind of thing .
now with your latest details , a raw approach . as you are on a stock rom , switching gps might not work out-of-the-box . in case it does not work , take a look at the secure settings plugin , which should be able to help out . i assume your raw concept is : 8am to 5pm is work time , and you want different settings during work hours and after leaving work , considering eventual late-work issues . so this should preferably turn out as a single profile : at work do . . . and after work switch to . . . . so here 's what shoud basically work : profile " work": condition : time from 8am till 5pm task : audio -> silent mode : on exit task : misc -> gps : on ( might need to be replaced by secure settings , see above ) now we enter a second profile , and you probably do not even need gps : profile : " afterwork": condition : state -> tasker -> profile active : " work " [ x ] invert state -> phone -> cell near : ( scan your work cells ) [ x ] invert task : audio -> silent mode : off so you see you neither need gps nor the 15min wait loop . at 8am the " work " profile gets active , and switches your phone to silent mode . as you do not really need gps , you can define some dummy exit task here ( e . g . again switching silent mode on ) , as otherwise tasker would automatically revert to the " before " mode . the second profile does not even check conditions before " work " has completed , as tasker remembers which profiles are active . after that , it starts monitoring the surrounding mobile cells -- which are either known by the phone as needed for telephony . if none of the surrounding cells match any of the scanned cells , the attached task is executed and silent mode turned off . but why so complicated ? much easier done like this : profile " work": condition : cell near ( scan your work place mobile cells ) task : audio -> silent mode : on done . no matter what time you are at work , your phone will be silent . and no matter whether you leave work early or late , silent mode will be switched off .
i would expect tts and asr to be very memory-intensive as they process input ( which needs to be stored and transformed ) and generate output . so slow memory would probably be a limiting factor with a fast cpu . there should also be a little i/o -- loading voice samples for comparison and playback -- but i would not expect it to be as much of an issue . i can not get any more specific since i do not know how the default engine works ( i suspect few people outside google do ) . you might get a better answer on stackoverflow , since this is more of a question about the specifics of an algorithm and not really about android use .
swiping down on the left side of the screen should bring down the notification window shade and swiping down on the right side of the screen should bring down the new " quick settings " window shade which has the settings icon and some other handy settings easily available . as far as the screen adjusting , this is known as auto-rotate and can be changed in the quick settings as well ( shown below ) . notification shade : quick settings shade :
where is the application installed the . apk file is put into /data/app ( see : where in the file system are applications installed ? ) where are its preferences stored this depends on the application . if it uses the sharedpreferences classes then they go in /data/data/&lt;app's package name&gt;/shared_prefs , but they could feasibly be stored anywhere the app can write data to ( i.e. . all of /data/data/&lt;app's package name&gt; , the sd card , etc ) . where is information such as usernames and passwords stored this also depends on the app . most often , probably somewhere in /data/data/&lt;app's package name&gt; . they could also use accountmanager apis ( the app must request this permission ) which i believe will use the /data/system/accounts.db database .
if you can use the sony walkman app , that is the best solution for you . see the answer in this question . if that app is not compatible with your device , album art grabber would be a good solution for you .
go into Settings | Data usage . then in the Mobile tab , you will find a list of the applications that have recently used data . click on any of these applications and there will be a checkbox to restrict background data while the phone is using a mobile connection ( as opposed to wifi ) . i am not aware of a way to control the sync frequency .
cell signal to add to ce4 's answer : you can check that for yourself . if you take a look at your battery stats ( they are always at a little different place in the system menu : sometimes in the main menu , other times under phone info ) , it lists the apps which used most of your battery . one of the highest consumers in there is most likely your display -- and close to it you will find an item cell standby ( sometimes called phone standby ) . this describes how much battery was used to " keep the signal " . check that in times of good reception versus those of bad reception and see how much it differs . network stuff this can even be " multiplied " if you have many apps running services to poll information from the net permanently -- like email apps using imap idle , or some social chat app keeping a push connection . it looks like the same is happening here : it tries hard to keep the connection , and thus pushes the cell radio further . due to the bad reception , the connection gets slow , and those services keep longer " wake locks " ( keeping the cpu alive to complete their task ) , which again eats battery . how to find out if your reception was good ? the system does in fact provide this information ( at least from android 2.3/gingerbread on ) , in the very same battery statistics mentioned before . on top of the first page you find a small graph 1 : tap on it , it brings up a bigger one 2 . the screenshots are in german , but you still can tell the details : in the first 1 , you see the cell standby titled " mobilfunk-standby " right next to the display , as said before . on top of that is mentioned " mini-graph " . that tapped brings you to the page where you find the second image 2 at the bottom . here take a look at the first graph , titled telefonsignal ( phone signal ) . " the greener the cleaner": a bright green means " good reception " ( the screenshot shows this at the begin and end , that is here : morning and evening -- so at home i have good reception ) . getting yellowish : " moderate reception " . this uses more energy : compare it with the graph on top of it ( not in the screenshot -- but the same as in the first screenshot ) , and you see the bar is almost flat where the cell signal is good -- but falls faster where it is not . see the little red spots : " no reception " . and phone will power-up like crazy to find a new cell tower . . . how to find out where the dead spots are ? here we need to use 3rd party tools . i will mention two of them here : no signal alert 3 and opensignalmaps 4 . both can alert you when entering a " dead zone": no signal alert lets you view a log of cell state changes , plus can show you a map of where the dead zones were 3 . opensignalmaps has the plus of showing you all cell towers in reach 4 , pointing out which you are connected to . it also offers you a " compass " giving the direction to the strongest signal . how to automatically deal with those dead zones ? there are some little helpers available which watch your signal . if it drops or gets lost , they simply switch the radio off ( so it cannot further power up searching a non-existing signal ) -- and periodically activate it again to check whether the situation has improved . one of them is battery saver 5 , which also lets you define profiles so you can easily switch other things like wifi . then there are more powerful " automaters " like e.g. greenpower free battery saver 6 , which even manage a lot more . and these two are not the only ones . . .
you can not . rim 's pin system and bbm are proprietary . you can only communicate with a blackberry user via pin messages or bbm if you have a blackberry . get a new bold 9900 / 9930 , they are great ! full disclosure : i work for rim . this is not an official statement from rim either , this is me speaking as a user in my off time at home . i honestly think the new bold is the best bb yet .
motorola 's xoom support forums has a thread that is updated when updates go out , and contains links to the lists of changes in the updates which ( for us wifi xooms ) is here . according to that two software updates have gone out in the last few weeks , htk55d and htk75d the first contains security updates , the second updates to included apps . specifically they contain : htk55d platform security fixes : diginotar certificate revocation the security fix removes a compromised root certificate authority ( ca ) . libpng security update libpng has been updated to version 1.2.46 to correct for multiple publicly-known security issues . htk75d android™ market has been updated . android™ books has been updated .
there are some projects that have gotten livesuit to work on linux , such as this website and details in this forum . most of what i could find focused on a10 chipsets , but a13 is close enough that it might work ( of course , you will have to find a13 specific roms ) . the second link also shows how to manually install drivers . since you did not specify your exact model , you may have to modify the directions somewhat to work with your device . the easiest solution , of course , is to get access to a windows box . a year ago , linux support was not so good , so i had to borrow someone 's computer for a bit to flash my allwinner a13 tablet . even more restrictive is the ability to generate your own rom images . i could not find anything that would work on linux , so i was stuck using windows to upgrade my tablet * to android 4.1 . *i wrote this post .
go to my apps in google play browse all the apps note : made as answer as requested
tasker . this is by far the best automated task scheduler available for android . it does come at a hefty price ( $6.50 us ) , but it is well worth the price .
there is nothing that forces the use of https for android applications . some data may not make sense to transfer over https , instead relying on other mechanisms ( say , gpg key signature checks ) to verify the data .
fota - firmware over-the-air this is the update sent to the os via your service provider ( for 3g/gprs/edge . . ) or wifi . it will download an image of the new firmware from the server and install it after you accept .
what you are describing is what is known as a " dirty flash " which is a no-no ! especially from aosp to cm and vice-versa , could lead all sorts of force closes etc . likewise , [ a particular custom rom ( insert of your choice ) ] to another but different [ custom rom ( insert of your choice ) ] and vice-versa . the only time a dirty flash can be performed if going from cm nightly to the latest nightly , or [ custom rom ] to a more recent version of same [ custom rom ] , theoretically , although no guarantees that everything will work " proper " . occasionally force-closes will be exhibited or some " weirdness " will manifest , hence no guarantees . really , if going from one rom to another - best to wipe cache/data completely provided a backup has been done in the first place : ) why not use a backup tool such as titanium backup or the basic backup tools found on the play store in the event you are not rooted ? : )
i think i have found the solution . check this link . it is a hack and it requires a phone to be rooted , but it does allow you to use alphanumeric password for encryption and pin for screen unlock .
as eldarerathis mentioned , you need to charge the tablet using the charging adapter rather than usb . the a500 has 2 usb ports . a regular one , like you had find on a laptop , for connecting usb devices to the tablet ( memory sticks , for example ) , and a micro usb port for connecting the tablet to a computer . make sure you are using the micro usb port . ( your mileage may still vary - the support site is not very forthcoming on using the tablet with a mac )
maybe you forget install the android usb driver , look this : http://developer.android.com/sdk/win-usb.html and http://developer.android.com/sdk/oem-usb.html#installingdriver when you finish this work , if it also dont work , please try get your device specialized driver .
i reinstalled android and lost all my data . nothing else worked . : (
i manually setup an exchange activesync account with the following settings :
the instructions i have followed in the link above do the job . the solution to my two problems listed above was : replace this micro/mini usb to usb adapter http://www.bestbuy.com/site/rocketfish%26%23153%3b+-+1.5%27+usb+cable/1000247.p?id=1218207305639skuid=1000247st=rf-cc1mccp=1lp=1 . . . with this one : http://www.bestbuy.com/site/rocketfish%26%23153%3b+mobile+-+micro+usb+data+transfer+cable/2077196.p?id=1218308698225skuid=2077196st=rocketfish%20micro%20usb%20cp=1lp=3 it sounds weird but trust me do not get micro usb to usb adapter from the first link . you will not be able to access the kindle fire as a storage device , guaranteed .
to add to @mattthew ' s comment , even if you move the apps to sd card part of them always reside inside internal memory . also the system needs to know what apps are installed , apps like market need to know about them . so , no they will not work after factory reset . for big games like from gameloft the extra data you downloaded from inside the game will work though . i do not know what will happen to this with the new market policy of allowing upto 4gb files .
my assumption would be you need to install some kind of language package , buy a phone from the country of origin for that language , or convert the files back to english language . when i go to settings > language and keyboard and look at the languages i can only choose from english and spanish . so to install another language search the market for it like so , " russian language pack " . install and go back to the language place in settings and select it . then see if you can play the files . if that does not work you are going to have to try the other two options .
as mentioned in my question there is a " contacts " app already listed under settings > apps > all , but there is no way to directly launch this . there is no related contacts/people app icon on the apps page . i have accessed this " contacts " app at least once in the past , via another application , but i cannot remember how i did this . anyway . . . a workaround . . . i installed resizable contacts widget ics . this is a very small/simple app that provides a widget that you can place on the home screen to give quick access to one ( or more ) of your contacts . tap the contact/widget and a contact summary pops up . tap the contact summary and it opens the full contact app from which i can search and manage all my ( gmail ) contacts . solution dan kindly emailed me this solution for how to access this mysterious contacts app from within your mail app - no third party apps required . at the top of any incoming email ( using google mail app or the android mail app ) in the big blue bar at the top you will see the sender ( picture or icon ) and sender 's address . if you click on the senders picture or icon there will be a pop-up with details on that contact . in the pop-up , just under the picture to the right there will be a small " head and shoulders " icon . click that , and voila ! you are in the contacts app . the sender needs to already be in your contacts for this to work , otherwise you get prompted , ' add "xyz@example.com" to contacts ' ? as dan admits , this is " still back assward " , but it would seem to be the most viable solution so far for what has proved to be a rather common problem !
apparently , this is also an animation issue . according to an answer for my dialer app , setting the animation to . 5x fixes a lot of spacing/hiding issues on the phone . to fix it , do the following : go to Settings &gt; Developer Options change Animator Duration Scale to 0.5x many props to abid rahman k for figuring it out !
there are several ways you could accomplish that : if you have sufficient free storage available , archiving the contents ( zip , tar , whatever other archiver ) and then copying the archive file would be a way . pulling the archive would change the archive file 's timestamp , but contents would be preserved as-is , and restored with their original timestamps . this could be done either from a terminal app , or via adb shell . on one device i have checked , tar and gzip are available , and even bzip2 . successfully tested on another one , and adapted to your specifications : tar czf backup.tar.gz /storge/sdcard0 run from a location with sufficient space would create the archive , which you then could pull . you could utilize a sync app like foldersync , and simply sync all the contents to your computer ( via sftp , samba/windows-share , or any of the other supported protocols ) . after having formatted the storage , you could sync it back the very same way . if your device supports an external sdcard , you could copy your files over there , which also should preserve timestamps there might be even other possibilities , but these are the ones coming to my mind first .
this happens when you use link2sd or apps2sd and move either the swype app or the swype installer app to your sd card . to fix it , move the installer and swype back to the phone and reboot . i found some of this information on http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1042241 the rest i figured out by trying things .
the galaxy s plus i9001 looks like the i9000 however it has completely different internals : side by side comparison at gsmarena . com different cpu ( 1.4ghz qualcomm snapdragon vs . 1ghz samsung hummingbird ) different gpu ( adreno vs powervr ) different baseband modules ( the i9001 has faster hsdpa ) better battery , less internal space ( 512mb vs 2gb for the i9000 ) most importantly , the i9000 is well supported while the i9001 's community support is rather poor . there is no official cm port for it . see the i9001 's forum at xda-developers.com. regarding the approaches : yes , you can use the same tools and your knowledge for the i9000 . just not the same rom downloads .
go to https://play.google.com/store/account , with a regular desktop . then click on the tab ' orders ' , you shall find there all the apps you downloaded via google play . after clicking Install or Installed button , you will get pop-up having device list . if app is already installed in a device with linked status , device would be inactive to send install signal . it can be used as identifier .
this may help i have test moto g 1 . open message 2 . choose attach option on right side options ( picture , capture picture , videos , capture video , audio , record audio and slideshow ) . 3 . choose capture video/videos , if choose video then we have send small video otherwise its not selected . 4 . then last send mms .
after more searching , i found subtitleplayer in the google play store . it seems to work adequately for what i need , but because its name is two words jammed together , does not show up when you search for " subtitle " in the market . also , the page says it needs ' unicode ' subtitles ; after a few tries , i got it to work correctly with utf-8 encoding , without a bom .
using a free service like android lost , you can remotely control your phone from a web browser . you can wipe it , locate it on a map , read sms'es , take a picture remotely etc . . . to ease your concerns regarding security . while not directly an answer to your question , it might be a viable solution . not storing your google credentials on your android smartphone and accessing google services through the mobile web brower is not only very impractical , but also sort of defeats the purpose of a modern smartphone does not it ?
any phone you will get will draw power from the battery , not directly from the charger . let 's make some assumptions : your phone takes 2 hours to charge when off . your phone always uses constant power when on . your phone drains a full battery in 8 hours . charging and discharging is completely linear . so if you plug your phone in when it is completely drained and turn it on , it will be charged to 75% ( 100% - 2/8 ) after two hours . it'll take 3 hours and 20 minutes to charge fully . as illustrated above it will take longer to charge the battery when the battery 's being drained at the same time . obviously , none of the assumptions hold in real life , but it is more or less accurate . certainly it will charge the fastest when off . as for the question of cpu scaling , that is very interesting . the rate of battery drain affects the maximum rate of charge , so less cpu work means less drain and a faster charge . i am not totally convinced that underclocking the cpu will achieve this , though . if your phone is idle it should already be doing a negligible amount of work . slowing the cpu will make that little amount of work use the cpu for longer . it is almost certainly chipset-dependent whether 100 ms at 100 mhz take more or less energy than 10 ms at 1000 mhz , for example . if setcpu is altering the voltages as well , that further complicates things .
your question is bit unclear to me . still i am trying to answer . almost all the android phones these days ( including galaxy nexus - gnex ) have a micro-usb charging and data-syncing port . so they can be connected to your computer using a micro-usb to standard usb cable . like most other phones , gnex also comes with a micro-usb to standard usb cable and a wall charger . you can use wall power or your computer to charge your phone . and if you want to see exactly what charger comes with the gnex , checkout any of the tonnes of unboxing videos avaliable on youtube !
while i have not seen that issue , you can restart the radio . dial *#*#INFO#*#* , choose Phone info and scroll down . click the Turn off radio button , then click its replacement , cunningly called Turn on radio . a nexus 5 , being google , should support the standard android_secret_code uris , so INFO should be present . other vendors may replace/remove/augment those , so bets are off on anything not directly from google .
ftpserver is very good , swiftp is another option . i believe they are both in the market .
your google research is correct . there is an order . root → unlock bootloader → install custom recovery ( twrp or cwm ) → backup current rom → install custom rom ( cyanogenmod or aosp etc ) . without being rooted and having bootloader unlocked , you will not be able to install recovery and custom room . that is why it needs to be done first . cyanogenmod is pre-rooted . so you do not have to do it again once it is installed . initial rooting of your current rom and installing recovery is only one time process . you can then backup/restore the roms using the recovery of your choice ( twrp/cwm ) . assuming you have rooted/installed custom recovery , make sure to backup current rom should anything go wrong . also wipe data/cache/dalvik cache before installing the new custom rom . there is usually a hardware combination button to access recovery menu or you can issue reboot recovery command from terminal .
go to Settings -&gt; About phone -&gt; USB Settings and set it to mass storage . you may also need to enable or disable Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Development -&gt; USB debugging . the drives should be visible to the pc when you connect the device , but you should also have to click the usb notification you mention and tell it to actually mount the storage to pc so that they are accessible . finally , try looking at this for more info : http://androidforums.com/android-lounge/115574-solved-cannot-mount-android-device-via-usb-linux.html
you want to check out android x86 project . they have documentation and installation instruction for installing an android on a regular laptop/desktop .
yes . it is possible to flash android devices under linux . the fact is that android does not need drivers - both adb and fastboot use libusb and talk to the devices directly . your main concern should be finding compatible fastboot binary - some oems use proprietary fastboot extensions to handle certain functions . obviously you can not expect to be able to follow the windows tutorial under linux . fortunately for you unrevoked ( the tool used in the tutorial you linked ) has a linux version as well .
turns out it was the micro-usb cable i was using to connect the kindle to my laptop . once i found my uber quality asus cable , progress began . . . now the os atleast properly detecting the device , and loading it as a mass usb storage device . dmesg : however , adb devices now gave : List of devices attached ???????????? no permissions  to get adb to properly list the device , and be able to connect to it , please see this solution on so : stackexchange-url
there are really only 2 tool tips that you dismiss . you had be better off finding a tutorial or video to teach her .
a friend just recommended call control to me for this very reason . i am starting to get spam calls on my cell phone and it disgusts me . plus there is a black list feature as well .
basically you have to compile android for that device with its drivers . example of compilation process . an older example from the official dev site for building 1.6 for the g1 . devices like the n1 and g1 ( dev phones ) let you easily put these images on your phone after compilation , because that is what they were made for ( unlockable and hackable ) . i believe their drivers are in the official android source ( i could be wrong , but they are easily available ) . all other devices do not come unlocked , so first you have to unlock ( root ) your phone to be able to write anything else to it . i have never compiled android or a rom , so i can not give you much more details than this . essentially there are proprietary binaries ( the drivers ) that are also needed for each specific android phone in order to get it to run on that device . so you either have to get those drivers from the vendor or write them yourself .
have a look on http://www.appoozle.com/ they provide an app and a web information service that allows publishers to justify the permissions their apps require .
androphp looks like it'll fill your needs quite nicely . you can . . . deply dynamic php content serve pages over lan use a mysql database heck , this'd be awesome for all sorts of events . have people whip out their phones , navigate to your locally hosted signup form , etc , then export the mysql tables out later .
i am afraid you delete the whole system on your device , so that there is currently no rom to boot . what you can do now is to flash a rom . if you have an external sd card slot , then push your rom files and g-apps onto it and insert the card and flash via recovery . if your device does not have an external sd card slot or you do not have one , you have to flash the rom via adb . here 's a link to that : xda-wiki i hope i understood you correctly and that it helps
how about using nfc to tell the phone that it should switch itself to driving mode when inserted into the cradle ? you can get nfc stickers for few euro/pounds on ebay . . . , put one to the back of the cradle , setup your phone and off you go :- ) that probably is not what you are looking for but still , it is nice and elegant solution ; - )
it is a built-in bug report feature . http://rootzwiki.com/topic/16019-keeps-asking-me-to-email-bug-report/#entry410481 this is built into android . it is a debugging tool that lets you send a bug report . it sends to you because you manually triggered it . it is very easy to trigger it , even accidentally . if you press both volume buttons and the power button at the same time , it will vibrate once . then it takes nearly a full minute before the phone vibrates three times and the bug report pops up . it also does not seem to keep processing when the phone is asleep , so if you accidentally do it when say checking the time or something , it will not show up until the next time you unlock your phone . it is easy to trigger and i have done it by accident quite a few times when either checking the time or taking a screenshot ( it is pretty easy to press both volume keys accidentally when taking a screenshot ) . you can disable the bug report function by going to /system/bin/ and deleting or renaming bugreport and bugmailer . sh , but i am not sure if this will affect the ability to send bug reports for other system apps . then it will not happen anymore . it can also be disabled in the rom code by the developer .
once the encryption screen comes up , android may have gotten far enough in the bootprocess for the adb server to start . if you have adb set up on the computer , check and see if the computer can recognize the phone by typing adb devices . if you see device with a serial number , then just simply type adb reboot recovery . ( if you do not have adb , there are several guides that can be found via google that explain how to get it set up . )
did you say google script ? marking gmail read with apps script the idea behind this script is to mark as read any message that is not in the inbox ( i.e. . , has been archived ) . head to script . google . com to start a script . choose to create a script for gmail in the little popup . delete all the sample code it gives you . replace it with this ( written using the api reference ) : function markarchivedasread ( ) { var threads = gmailapp . search ( 'label:unread -label:inbox' ) ; gmailapp . markthreadsread ( threads ) ; } ; save the project with file > save . add a new version using file > manage versions and enter " initial version " then submit that . do a test run using run > markarchivedasread and be sure and authorize the app when it asks you to . add a new trigger using resource > current project 's triggers and choose to run the above function every minute . save the script again and exit . i do not know that it is necessary to run it every minute , but as long as you run it regularly . this is not a direct answer to your issue , and if you have reasons to have unread messages that are not in your inbox this will not work for you .
do you mean you want to see which ports are being used on the pc or android device ? you can use the netstat command for this . on windows : netstat -an | find /i "listening" on linux : `netstat -an | grep " listen " ( notice the space after listen ) this shows all the ports that are listening for incoming connection ( i.e. . have a server of some kind behind them ) . if you need to know which server , you can use this on linux : netstat -anp | grep "LISTEN " . do not know about the windows counterpart , but there is a -o switch to print the process id and you can compare it to the ones in task manager .
no . apps on android can not interfere with each other 's operations to the extent you describe . i can think of two options that come close to what you describe : use a standard pgp app and copy-and-paste ciphertext between that and the chat app . if the chat app you are using uses direct client-to-client transmissions , instead of every message going via a server , then you could set up a vpn and ask your partner to join it before starting to chat with you . to be honest , neither of these options , nor the ideal circumstance you describe , sound like an easier sell than simply asking your friends to use a secure chat system . i suggest to you that jabber offers this functionality while allowing a choice of clients , some of which can also use different chat systems , so it might be the easiest transition path .
the wikipedia page on loop devices explains this pretty well . it is basically a " pseudo-device " ( i.e. . a device which does not exist physically ) that allows a file to be treated as a block device ( for example , a hard drive ) . you need support for it because the ubuntu system is stored as a . img file , which is essentially created to be a file representation of a filesystem or disk partition . by mounting it on a loop device you can access the file as though it really was a whole filesystem , thus creating a sort of " virtual " partition ( or disk ) for ubuntu to live on .
answering my own question here . bottom line here is android users must manage their own pictures and videos storage . it is important to understand that the " gallery " application ( and probably the new alternative " photos" ) is not synced to google plus , they are merely backuped ; this means that gallery does not deletes ( leave a thumbnail ) least recent used pictures to save space ( as i mistakenly assumed ) . i , for one , will be using google plus application from now on to be able to access all my pictures and videos and will be deleting images as soon as they are backuped .
this answer is based on comments from niall c . there are 5 phases in the process : select each contact , and then link them when relevant . the goal is to have 1 friend = 1 contact . export the list ( contact > menu > more > import export > to sd card ) , it will work even if you do not have any sd card . transfer the file to a computer ( the file is quite light , even with gpg keys and user pics ) open gmail , backup your contact by exporting them import the vcf file and that is all ! your contacts in gmail have now phone numbers ! do not worry , gmail merge contacts becase their email adress is already known . source : stackexchange-url
the cyanogenmod team feels that swap does not serve it is purpose on an android device : this question is hotly debated , but you almost definitely do not need swap or compcache . . . you can read all about it at the swap and compcache - cyanogenmod wiki ! to answer you question directly , by default the swap and compcache schemes are disabled , but if you still feel the need to use them , above link provides you with a how-to . so , yes , the cyanogenmod 7.2 supports swap and its usage needs to be activated . the swap and compcache schemes usage depends on the device and its support for it . as a side note , the cyanogenmod 7 . x is gingerbread-based not froyo , as can be read here : after 3 rounds of release candidates , and squashing a few more bugs in the stabilization branch of cyanogenmod 7 , the newest stable iteration of the gingerbread-based cm7 is now being released .
you can use an app like app backup and restore . it allows you to select which apps you want to backup and it copies them to your sd card .
the best explanation i could find online : people details is a new sync service related to the recent release of google play games . it was pushed to most ( if not all ) android devices recently . its purpose is to tie you together across all google play services ( the separate services available from the google play screen ) . the idea is to maintain a uniform and unique " identity " for you in all related google games so that data from one can potentially be used to " enhance " the user experience in another the contact sync is for the usual contacts that a user saves directly on your phone .
yes you can do that . firstly enable the the developer mode by tapping the build number in about phone then go in developer options and then check force rtl layout
as of 10/20/12 , no one has ever rooted the commando . xda developers forum is home to some of the innovators in the droid world , and no one there has yet come up with a way . couple of reference points for you : casio g'zone commando [ q ] casio commando 2.3.3 root-impossible
it is not possible with the google launcher , but it is fully possible in 4.4 in general , you just need to stop using google 's launcher . the " regular " launcher is still included so you can switch to that .
answering my own question , this seems to just be my misunderstanding of how google now works . i was typing the search and expecting a voice response . but apparently it only responds with a voice if you ask with a voice . if i use voice search , then a voice does indeed reply . leaving this question/answer here in case anyone else has the same misunderstanding .
the easiest way to compare these two apps : locale costs more . but it is a lot more user friendly . you just set up " situations " with triggers and actions . then you prioritize the situations . that is it . tasker costs less . but it is a lot more customizable . it is more like being given a scripting language . there are tons of options and choices and it can get really confusing if you do not know what you are doing . it is not made for the average user . i will say that anything locale can do , tasker can do it too . it just is not as quick and easy to set it up . in regards to backing up , you can backup tasker into script files . locale has no built in back up system . both of these applications are extendable to do practically anything because they support plugins . tasker supports locale plugins too . also : personally , i use both of these apps . i use locale for setting up common situations ( disable sounds when asleep , adjust brightness/screen timeout when plugged in , go silent at work , etc . ) and then tasker for . . . well . . . tasks ! such as plugging in my headphones i reduce my media volume to 50% ( i have blared music accidentally way too many times ) and displaying a menu of music apps .
there are multiple solutions available : re-zip the image advantage : you do it once , and can use the resulting image for multiple devices . that is what i did with cm7.2 for my milestone 2 . easy enough to do : create a temporary ( empty ) folder unzip the zip file to it remove unwanted *.apk files from /system/apps ( be careful of what you remove , of course ) zip up the directory contents again using a graphical zip manager ( like winzip or the like ) , steps would be even easier : open the zip file with the archive manager remove the unwanted .apk files if the zip manager requires it , save the manipulated zip manually cleanup after flashing , using the shell this is what ce4 recommended in the comments . it requires you using a terminal emulator on your device : flash the image as-is remove superfluous stuff from the system partition by hand ( like rm /system/big/junk/example.mp4 ) manually cleanup after flashing , using other tools almost the same as the previous method , but a bit more user-friendly . disadvantage : this will not do for superflous ringtones and the like : flash the image as-is use a tool like titanium backup or root uninstaller to remove unwanted system apps
first of all make sure you have turned your gps ( if available ) and data connection turned on . this helps the device to get your precise location easily . when using the app , make sure that you do not touch your devices screen by mistake . this often happens even without you knowing it and causes the map to tilt , losing the automatic center alignment of your current position . now open the app and press . then the map will center to your current location . then tap the location icon again . now the location icon should move with you . tap the location icon again and then it will look like . now you should get a more driver friendly view with your location icon moving smoothly . happy driving !
i believe my phone vibrates when it is done charging , but i have never seen a setting for it . i am certain you could set up a profile with locale to notify when charging is done .
as with most exchange activesync clients android implements a sub-set of features from various versions of activesync . according to the android 4 ( ice cream sandwich ) platform highlights , the email client supports eas v14 ( scroll down to the " improved email " section ) , in a comparison with gingerbread ( android 2.3 . x ) though you also need to take into account the android 3 ( honeycomb ) changes which while they do not specify eas changes did add support for policies for encrypted storage , password expiration , password history , and password complexity , all of which are eas features . there are probably more differences between versions than it is practical to keep up to date here , the wikipedia page comparison of exchange activesync clients has a pretty good table comparing feature support .
in fact it is easy to do using a file explorer application . i used ES File Explorer but i suspect other programs have the same feature . using ES File Explorer , you have to navigate to the file , then do a long click on the file icon until a menu appears . then you choose Shortcut . nothing shows the operation works but a new icon will be present in the launcher .
possible solutions , in descending order of idealism and difficulty : create a custom rom , with the apps you want on it , which you can flash onto these devices . this question is a good starting place for that . write your own app , which automatically installs the other apps . the first answer to this thread provides the code to install apps programmatically . the easiest solution , if it suits your needs , would to be to use one of many " installer " apps . if you can drop the apps on the tablets after installing your stock rom ( ideally on an sd card ) , you could then install an " installer " app . then either run it yourself , or instruct your users to run it and install the listed apps . in any of these solutions , you will have to write the desktop computer application which has the few-button interface for users , which does the flashing and installing . whether you do a custom rom or a stock one , you will have to automate its install . this thread has some help on automating rom installation .
you are not alone . inability to uninstall any apps and crashes in settings , are some of the nasty bugs in sony 's recent google play edition devices . currently there are no workarounds , and you must wait until sony releases an update with fixes for these issues . sources : android authority , android community [ edit ] allegedly , the upcoming 4.4.2 ota update will fix most of the glaring issues . [ edit 2 ] confirmed , the just released 4.4.2 ota update fixes those nasty bugs on the z ultra . check to see if you have it ( keep in mind it is probably a staged roll-out , so you might not see the update immediately . )
xprivacy is not a stand-alone application . it is a module of the xposed framework , and thus utilizes the latter to achieve its goals . so if the xprivacy dev " reports in " , he might just say : " waiting for the xposed team to show up " . . . oh , if you do not wanna wait : head straight to the xposed thread at xda for all the details . the intro over there states : i extended the /system/bin/app_process executable to load a jar file on startup . the classes of this file will sit in every process ( including the one for system services ) and can act with their powers . and even more : i have implemented something that allows developers to replace any method in any class ( may it be in the framework , systemui or a custom app ) . this makes xposed very powerful . you can change parameters for the method call , modify the return value or skip the call to the method completely - it is all up to you ! also replacing or adding resources is easy . so in short and simplified words : xposed replaces some system resources to " expose " the system api , so other apps ( acting as xposed modules ) can use it . amongst those other apps is – tam-tam-tam-tam-tam – xprivacy .
though it is not the identical situation , the solution which worked out for i am seeing duplicated images and videos on gallery might apply here as well : go to settings&rarr ; apps&rarr ; manage apps select the " all apps " tab find the gallery app , open its entry , tap " clear cache " do the same for the media storage app have the media scanner running again . this can be triggered by either a reboot of the device ( ugh ! ) unmounting/mounting the external sdcard if any ( hm . . . ) attach the device to your pc via usb , optionally copy some file to it , detach it again ( ok . . . ) for repeated use , take a look at apps like e.g. rescan media , scan media , or sdrescan ( yeah ! ) check if the duplicates are gone . if not , repeat everything , but this time additionally select to " delete data "
check out his blog post on it . launcherpro shortcuts are a new way of creating , adding , and sharing custom shortcuts for launcherpro . shortcuts are created and shared as lps files . lps files are self-contained shortcut files that have all the info needed to make a shortcut , including the label , icon , and android intent ( more on intents in a bit ) . they are written in a new format that i created for this purpose , which is based in xml . don’t worry , i created a web-based tool for creating these files so it’s as easy as filling out a form and downloading the resulting . lps file . a shortcut always needs an android intent to be “executed” when the shortcut is clicked . intents are the standard way of launching activities/apps and sending information and commands to apps in android . if you want to create your own launcherpro shortcuts , please read this page for a detailed explanation of how intents work and how to make your own . lps files need to be stored in your sd card , either in the root of the card , or inside the folders “download” , “downloads” or “lpshortcuts” . to add an lp shortcut to a homescreen , long-press on a blank spot , choose “shortcuts” and then “launcherpro shortcuts” . if you have any lps files in the previously mentioned folders in your sd card , they should show up on the list . you can click on “create new” to go to the web-based launcherpro shortcut creator tool . you can also access the launcherpro shortcut creator tool from your computer , and then put the generated lps file in your sd card . he also links to a lengthy forum thread where people are posting some of their shortcuts . i can not seem to find any other resources of shortcuts .
check in settings > accessibility and see if theres an option for the power button to end the call . if there is make sure it is unchecked .
there is an app called holiday alarm disabler . i have not tried it myself , but it has a pretty good rating at androlib . qr code for holiday alarm disabler :
at first , there is a current hardbrick warning and a tool to diagnose this for the galaxy note ( and other samsung devices ) . here 's the galaxy note n7000 cm9 team 's current issue list , it does not mention missing s-pen functionality ( unlike an experimental build #1 ) so i guess it is fixed . the cm9 alpha for n7000 announcement on xda also mentions s-pen beeing worked on . and finally , here 's the cm9 builds for n7000 and a full update guide .
i assume this was just a bug ; this option re-appeared in the " advanced " wi-fi settings after one of the ota updates .
according to this it runs the first time you boot up ( cyanogenmod ? ) and prompts you for what google apps to install .
extracted from ultrapixel vs megapixel : htc one and iphone 5 camera shoot-out : ultra-pixels : basically the sensor on the htc one features larger pixels for better low light sensitivity and , on paper , better overall camera performance . [ . . . ] we have to understand that “ultrapixel” is just htc’s marketing team saying that the pixels on the htc one’s sensor are larger . here’s how it works : the sensor on the htc one isn’t larger than the sensors on other modern phones : 1/3.2-inch is what htc used in the one and the same size is also present on the iphone 5 , galaxy s iii , or lumia 920 . a larger sensor means having something like the nokia 808 pureview has with its 1/1.2 inch sensor . some other site described that term as " plain market buzz " . more on the term ultrapixel can also be found at wikipedia . megapixel , on the other hand , is a measurement term , describing the resolution of an image – a term used not only for the number of pixels in an image , but also to express the number of image sensor elements of digital cameras or the number of display elements of digital displays .
re-install these official samsung drivers . uninstall current drivers by going into device manager . make sure to check off the delete drivers option if given . reboot . reinstall the given drivers above without connecting the galaxy s4 reboot . go ahead and connect phone and verify that in device manager samsung adb device or equivalent is shown . if it shows an exclamation mark on it or other problem , then in device manager right click on the driver , update , let me choose from a list and choose the correct android adb driver .
it look is like this is a pretty widespread problem . it does not answer my shopping question ( should i return it ) but at least i can say with confidence that it is not just me , so it should get addressed eventually .
you do not necessarily need dlna for that , nor hdmi . wifi and the right app might do as well . take a look at e.g. remote gallery 3d , you cannot only have a slide show on your pc , but even manage your photos remotely . the app runs a web server on your device , which then can be accessed via any web browser ( i.e. . completely os independent ) . only requirement is flash capability . for a presentation , also have a look at youtube . this way you can even take your photo gallery with you when visiting friends or family : no installation on the pc required . so as long as wifi is available , you are fine . the app is free , so it comes without investing any extra money , as requested ; ) alternatively , you could setup a dlna server on your android device ( bubbleupnp would be a good choice for that ) . nex , you would need a client to access it from your mac ( take a look at this wikipedia list to pick one ) . start the server on your android device , then start the client on the mac . the client should automatically find and list your android device , and let you browse your media . what features are offered ( just pick single entries , make a slideshow , have background music played along ) depends on the client chosen . a third variant would be investigating in airplay . as that is apple 's own stuff , your mac should surely support it . there are a bunch or apps supporting airplay you could chose from ; not having a mac , i cannot be of assistance in this area . fazit by iliv : bubbleupnp is a very nice software . i am having a lot of fun trying out various combinations . one thing i learned this morning is that i can use vlc to browse and play all content on my phone : video , music and pictures . video playback intermittently stucks for a split second , very rarely , but it does . that is unfortunate , but i am wondering if it is a vlc or bubbleupnp issue , or maybe it is just that two do not get along well .
you might provide them a link ! a link on your website , that would provide them with the . apk file . after downloading , the user would install that file in his android phone . after installing , the previous version is auto-deleted and the new version is installed ! user data is saved . but i have never used the developer tools from google play . so i am not sure , whether the google would mark it as spam or not , because some user try out verify and install instead of package installer . verify and install is a google service to check whether the app is spam or not . so i think , if the user tries verify and install instead of the built-in installer , he might get some errors , saying this signature is not found on google play ! or something like that . but just my guess , if your beta is placed on google play , then they will not show up any errors , as they would find a signature on google play too . hope i am not wrong : because i have never used either verify and install or google play developer tools . so i might be wrong somewhere . but still there is a functionality to install apps , but that also depends whether the user is allowing the installation of unknown apps ( apps which are not downloaded from google play ) .
the cpu had to be changed to x86 . then it worked . see question comment thread for further details .
yes , there is a privacy setting that will prevent friendcaster from being able to retrieve posts or other info from your friends if they have it enabled . specifically , according to onelouder 's support site : [ i ] t is possible that some of your friends have set their privacy settings to block access to their profile , wall , photos and status updates from third party apps like friendcaster . this setting is found in " account --> privacy settings --> apps and websites " . in “info accessible through your friends” you can see checkboxes for the items that are available to apps . as an example , if your friend has “my photos” unchecked here , they won’t appear in friendcaster . unfortunately facebook has this restriction in place and unless your friend allows third party apps we can not get around it at this time . if your friends are using that setting , the info will only appear on facebook itself .
thanks to this answer to this question is moving apps to sd only available to rooted devices ? . i have discovered the getInstallLocation adb command and set the install location to internal on my un-rooted phone . with the android sdk installed , and my phone connected via usb with usb debugging mode switched on , enter the following commands : adb devices ( check that adb can see my phone , and start necessary services ) adb shell ( connects a shell to the phone ) pm getInstallLocation ( returns 0[auto] ) pm setInstallLocation 1 ( sets the default install location to internal memory ) pm getInstallLocation ( run again to check that it is now set to the correct location , returns 1[internal] ) exit safely remove hardware , unplug phone and all done , without any need for root !
all you have to do is press and hold the text message you want to delete . you will then be prompted to select more text messages to delete or just delete the one you have selected . if your android version is too old for this let me know and i will emulate your specific version and figure it out for you .
the " hardware backed credential storage " aka " android key store " is only hardware backed when the hardware on the device has the necessary hardware components in it . when there is not the necessary hardware available it falls back to software storage . android also now supports hardware-backed storage for your keychain credentials , providing more security by making the keys unavailable for extraction . that is , once keys are in a hardware-backed key store ( secure element , tpm , or trustzone ) , they can be used for cryptographic operations but the private key material cannot be exported . even the os kernel cannot access this key material . while not all android-powered devices support storage on hardware , you can check at runtime if hardware-backed storage is available from android 4.3 apis - hardware credential storage . my emphasis . finally , there is an api and even a system settings field that lets you check whether the credential store is hardware-backed ( nexus 4 , nexus 7 ) or software only ( galaxy nexus ) from credential storage enhancements in android 4.3 this a new feature and so it is likely that only newer , higher end devices have the hardware in them . according to that , the galaxy nexus does not have the necessary hardware . the nexus 4 does have full hardware support for this ; as you may now ( sic ) , the nexus 4 is based on qualcomm 's snapdragon s4 pro apq8064 soc . like most recent arm soc 's it is trustzone-enabled and qualcomm implement their secure execution environment ( qsee ) on top of it . from credential storage enhancements in android 4.3 the arm trustzone technology is analogous to the tpm hardware used on intel x86 pc compatible hardware to provide a hardware secure credential storage area . and just like tpm when it was first introduced is taking a while to trickle into all new phones . so , in the case of the nexus 4 , the ' hardware ' is simply the arm soc . are other implementations possible ? theoretically , a hardware-backed keymaster implementation does not need to be based on trustzone . any dedicated device that can generate and store keys securely can be used , the usual suspects being embedded secure elements ( se ) and tpms . however , there are no mainstream android devices with dedicated tpms and recent flagship devices have began shipping without embedded ses from credential storage enhancements in android 4.3 so , no , the galaxy nexus is not capable of enabling hardware backed credential storage , because it does not have the necessary hardware in it .
this page has a couple of benchmarks that compare not only a nexus one running 2.2 vs . one running 2.1 , but also includes iphones and the ipad . in both cases , the nexus one running 2.2 outperforms the 2.1 version by over 2x .
as for now i consider the stock sms/mms app a leftover on tablet devices without an gsm/umts module . i serves no purpose on such devices .
if you go into the mail client , go into the mailbox you want to check the mail for , then press menu while you are looking at the inbox , there should be a refresh option on the menu bar . that definitely seemed to go back to the server and check for new mail when i tried it with the hotmail account i have got set up in there just now , as it found the message i would sent a minute before .
this is actually an important question , and far better to ask now than try it and be stuck with a blank screen ! android roms are specific to the device . this is why cyanogenmod and others have the specific device model and code name on them . even in cases where the deveice looks and feels the same and has the same name e.g. samsung galaxy s4: gt-i9505 gt-i9500 they both run android 4.4 now , and they look and to all user purposes are the same device . under the hood there are differences , and no rom will be compatible between the two . i had used the google edition s4 as my example as roms were not compatible between two devices with exactly the same hardware , but work arounds are being found . the general rule is : if your device is not specifically listed do not install the rom ! in your case here i am sure it will brick the device as there is different hardware ( buttons etc ) , a different model code , and a different partition structure .
having cwm installed will not prevent your phone from noticing that an update is available , but it may prevent the update from installing in the usual automated fashion . the update process actually works by creating a special file with a " script " for the recovery to run , then rebooting to recovery ; cwm will just show its menu instead of running the script . it may be possible to apply the upgrade through cwm as an ordinary update zip , but if you want to make sure the process is seamless , it would be a good idea to flash back to the stock recovery before installing the update . btw , the jro03o update for the galaxy nexus removes the automatic stock recovery flash that you linked to . you no longer have to do anything special to keep cwm installed when running stock .
if i am understanding your question correctly , you are asking how to get root access automatically when you run adb shell , so that you do not have to go into the shell and type su to execute a command as root on your phone . this is controlled by a flag in your boot partition , which most custom roms have modified to allow root permission by default . if you get dropped to a $ when you use adb shell then you have two permanent options and one temporary one ( temporary meaning that it does not stick if you reboot ) : flash a rom that includes the modification create a custom boot . img and flash it to your phone restart adbd on your device with root permissions number 2 is actually not that difficult , but it can be somewhat dangerous if you are careless . there is a wiki article here which explains the process and includes a couple of perl scripts to help you . these instructions assume a linux/unix environment . i have personally used these instructions on fedora linux and can tell you that they work , but i do not know about other *nix environments like macs . i also do not know of any similar windows instructions , but i could try to track some down if you are on windows . the exact commands will vary somewhat from phone to phone since different devices use different partition tables . generally speaking , though , you need to pull your current boot . img from your phone , unpack it , extract the ramdisk , and find the default . prop file . this is a plaintext file , which you need to open in a text editor and then find the line that contains the value ro.secure . if the line says ro.secure=1 then you need to change it to ro.secure=0 . after that you can re-pack the ramdisk and boot . img , then flash it to your phone . once you reboot , you will be greeted with a # prompt whenever you perform adb shell without having to run su . alternatively , if you are using a custom rom but it does not have this modification , you can just unzip the rom and modify the boot . img that is included with it using the above steps . then you can zip up the rom with the newly modified boot . img and flash the zip file as you normally would . this probably goes without saying , but be careful when doing this . messing with your boot partition can quite easily wreck your phone and force you to recover via hboot . i would highly recommend testing fastboot to makes sure you can use extended fastboot commands and perform a recovery . this varies a bit based on your model , but most phones have some sort of desktop software that can be run to reflash the phone as well . the third option is that in many cases it may be possible to restart adbd on your device with root privileges . one possibility is to execute adb root from a pc terminal , although this will not work on all rom configurations ( the rom must be built as a " userdebug " one ) . you can also try chainfire 's adbd insecure app . this will not persist across a reboot , so you would need to use either the app or adb root again any time you restarted your phone .
i also faced the same issue with the stock alarm . stock alarm was not able to recognize the sd card songs . i vaguely remembered the solution . couple of restarts and removing the sd card from the phone and plugging it again solved the issue fro me . but now i installed alarm klock which has the option to see all the songs on sd card by author and album wise . it has vibrating feature which does not there in stock alarm .
a lot of people are asking that question . here 's one . some people are offering bounties . like at xda-developers . some people have suggested alternatives . axcrypt looks like an alternative , and there is an alpha product that works with it ( and dropbox ) called boxcryptor . but i have not found an actual port of truecrypt to android , nor any information about plans to do so .
i am using dropbox and it works fine for me . when you click on a file to see it , dropbox downloads the content probably in a temp file and it will launch in the right viewer . if you long click an item and select download it will put the file in its own folder on the sd card ( sdcard/dropbox ) and the file will be available to a file manager such as astro . if it is not already visible from the gallery application , you can add it by moving the file to the right folder . i know you already used dropbox but i would definitely give it another try .
if you install pelya’s xsdl server from google play , you can use x11 aplications . in gnuroot type : apt-get install xfce4 it will install the xfce4 desktop environment and xorg with some utilities . and after several minutes of packages downloading and making configurations , start xsdl and set your favorite display resolution and zoom , and then type in gnuroot : display=127.0.0.1:0.0 startxfce4 switching to xsdl app , the xfce4 starts and you can now use the graphical interface . i found this solution at : http://www.r-ohjelmointi.org/?p=1434 some other things : * change font size as in ordinary gnome . * moving a flat finger is same as click and drag , for resizing etc . * i have to press the back button on the pad to get the screen keyboard displayed . this overlays lower part of x window though . * no terminal emulators seem to work properly . however , gnuroot can be used for that . * applications like gnu planner , gretl and gnu cash work without problems .
this has been resolved in android 4.1 , a.k.a. " jelly bean " . now google voice prompt appears instantly no matter how it is triggered . since the google voice app has not changed , my original thinking that it is the app 's fault was incorrect . still no idea what is causing it on earlier os versions .
it is quite possible you accidentally shorted out a circuit or otherwise damaged some part ( ribbon cable , connector , etc . ) while disassembling or re-assembling your phone . the " power supply " line the tech fed you is probably just that , something they said to avoid going into too much technical detail . it is unlikely that they will bother with figuring out which exact part is fried , and will probably opt for replacing the phone 's whole main board instead . be mindful of the price they quote you , because these days you can get a used nexus one for the price close to what some parts retailers charge for a replacement motherboard .
first , you need to be aware of two facts : android uses more than one file system ( think of " multiple drives/partitions " when comparing with your computer while sharing a common base , directory structures might differ between manufacturers so as starting points , i further recommend the file-system tag-wiki and the partition tag-wiki ( you might also want to take a look at the most frequented questions using those tags ) . in my answer , i will concentrate on the mentioned " common base " . however , there still might be deviations made by some manufacturers . partitions as said , android makes use of multiple partitions . in the file system , they are represented by " directories " , which serve as their mount-points : ¹ details below ² virtual file systems ³ these might differ . often , /mnt/sdcard is the internal sdcard , while the external sdcard is found in /mnd/sdcard/external_sd . above list is far from being complete , but should hold the most important partitions . directories here i again will concentrate of the partitions which are most interesting ( or this answer would get far to long and , for most readers , boring . /data and /data/data these are in most cases two separate partitions , but there might be cases where this is handled otherwise . one thing they have in common ( add /cache here as well ) : they get wiped on a factory-reset , while the other partitions are usually left untouched by that . as for the directories contained , i will again concentrate on a selection ; most things here you either cannot touch without having your device rooted . ¹ for details on the dalvik cache , see : dalvik ² each app gets its own data directory assigned here , using the app 's package name . there might be a similar directory on your sdcard , mostly used by apps with larger amounts of data . ³ usually , files are stored here temporarily to be installed/executed . google play e.g. downloads .apk files to this directory , before installing the downloaded app on your device of course , i intentionally skipped several directories . if you really want to go into details , this site might not be the best fitting place ( as we deal with end-user questions -- and end-users normally do not touch these things ) . in that case , several places/ressources might be recommended : xda developers good technical books on android ( there is e.g. andrew hoogs android forensics and mobile security , which goes much deeper into details here ) where can i ask questions that are not android enthusiast questions ?
while i am not intimately familiar with sprint 's 4g or your phone ( sorry ) i have found in my own cdma troubleshooting that the built in htc diagnostic tools can be very useful . i found this guide over at xda as one of the better lists of sprint cdma diag codes ( even though it is not for your phone specifically ) . i recommend trying ##33284# or ##3282# , one of these should bring up a utility that lists very specific information about your cellular network connection .
go to Settings -&gt; About phone menu and scroll all the way to the bottom : tap the " selinux status " menu 3 times in a row in a quick succession . this will bring up a prompt asking you to confirm enabling the other modes : be aware that currently this feature is still under heavy development , and is not supported on all devices yet .
google play books is available in the us , uk , canada and australia . you can find this information on the google play help page , and it has also been noted on the @googlebooks twitter account .
it simply does not seem possible . on android , pictures are shown in imageview components , and this component does not support displaying gifs . on most android versions , you can not do it . maybe a custom contacts app can have the capability .
this is because the command you used to invoke heimdall was , heimdall flash --recovery and , heimdall is caps sensitive , try this instead . heimdall flash --recovery . /clockworkmod_6.0.3.2_jfltespr . img --no-reboot
i have a similar setup with ipod classic ( 160 gb ) and asus transformer tf300t . i have yet to find a direct method to connect ipod to the tablet and sync via an app . as of now , the only way is via a computer . if you want to go the pc way , you can use isyncr for pc and sync playlists . isyncr also has an app for mac . however , i am not sure of pictures being synced via isyncr . another option is to export all the music via programs like floola to your computer and later transfer to the tablet .
to directly answer your question : no , this modification will not harm your device . to elaborate : you did not overclock your device ( that is why i said it was safe ) . you raised the minimum frequency . what you see in set cpu is the scaling range . for any given moment your device decides which frequency it needs to do what it is doing . for example when only reading and not scrolling it needs only 200 mhz to basically wait for further input . this is done for better battery life . when actively loading pages the device will automatically increase the operating frequency up to the limit of your scaling range . this increases performance , but is worse for battery . in both of your cases the maximum scaling frequency is 1600 mhz . you told the device to save less power when idling , but kept the maximum " speed " the same . overclocking on android is done by raising the scaling range maximum value above the default . for example a very small and usually ok overclock for your device would be to set the scaling range to 200mhz to 1700mhz . this modification however can harm your device , but not very likely . it also often requires custom kernels to be flashed . when things go wrong with overclocking you can see random reboots and freezes , and almost never any permanent damage to the device . i suggest you try to read more about this topic on sites like xda-developers , before doing anything else with the device .
no , the application is still available for users who installed the play and only store can not be reinstalled . by play store if you put back the google play , users can download and install it again . but never , under policies of google , an apk can / will be deleted from the device remotely by google / application owner but we had a case in the past , about a malicious app that was removed remotely without trace , all done and confirmed by google itself
on the tasker homepage there is a section called " plans " where the developers outline future ideas that they might incorporate into the product : http://tasker.dinglisch.net/todo.html also listed on this page are those two lines : actions/tasks : vpn ( dis/re ) connect events/states : vpn connected so it is not included yet but it might be at some point in the future . again citing from the page : this is an informal list of features under consideration for tasker .
there might be an issue with the wifi channels enabled on your phone , i am unable to find this setting on kitkat i have no clue why ! maybe i just dont remember how to get there , go on to your router settings page and see the channel being used . change it and i think that would fix the issue .
have you tried google 's quickoffice ? it detects numbers ( and underlining them ) , and lets you click the number to open the dialer with that number .
to answer your questions , yes - there is an app that will allow you to invoke the notification panel : exsbar allows you to assign the long-press search button or long-press camera button to this function . whether or not this is " an easier way " depends on you , the end-user . :- )
espier launcher is a homescreen replacement that mimics ios quite well , and still allows for some of android 's features to shine through ( widgets , customization , etc ) . unfortunately , it is apparently built by a small chinese dev shop , so it does have a few quirks . for one , it intalls some bloatware app store that is all in chinese , although it is easy enough to hide it from the launcher . there is also some weird mis-translations in the app 's settings . despite these shortcomings , it is a faithful reproduction of ios 's homescreen , and the folder/scrolling/long press animations are spot-on .
update : it is posible to disable notifications of individual apps on system level in jelly bean ( 4.1 ) . under each application info screen there is now a checkbox for " show notifications " ( assuming the app sends notifications ) . uncheck that and no more notifications from that app . you can get to the screen by going to Settings | Apps | {application} or , more conveniently , long-pressing the notification itself and then tapping " app info " . more details in this article . notifications are handled on a per-app basis . the only way to turn them off is inside that particular application 's settings . this menu - unlike on ios - can he accessed from inside the application . it is usually an option that comes up after pressing your menu button , or if your phone does not have one than it is hidden behind the overflow menu ie . the three dots . in the case of scramble with friends there is a settings icon on the main screen . there is an option to set the polling interval . the default is 5 minutes .
yes . tasker will do this . when you are setting up the state , choose " bluetooth connected " , then click the magnifying glass next to the " name " field . it will search for paired bluetooth devices . choose the one you want and configure states/actions . then do it again for the other bt device .
you will need a file manager , and just browse to the same path that you do when you attach to email . if the xoom does not have a file manager , i recommend root explorer . if you do not have root you can try another , like astro file manager .
no , it is not possible . how did i get such result ? as always i started to google this possibility but found nothing interesting . so i decided to check android browser source code . if you want you can download it by typing in console : git clone https://android.googlesource.com/platform/packages/apps/Browser  after 5-10 minutes ( i am not new in programming ) of looking repository i found 2 facts : 1 ) the homepage is saved as one String ( java type ) . 2 ) the homepage is opening by calling this function ( in Controller.java ) : @Override public Tab openTabToHomePage() { return openTab(mSettings.getHomePage(), false, true, false); }  so as you see ( if you know programming a bit ) it returns one tab , not several ( like List&lt;Tab&gt; ) .
it seems to be related to the local time on my phone , which i suspect was slow compared to the network . so , while the incoming messages where arriving listed as the " correct " time ( on the network ) , i was then replying " before " them as far as my local clock was concerned and thus when the phone sorted on time their positions were swapped . so , i have manually adjusted my clock forward a minute , and seem to have avoided the problem since . speaking to a friend knowledgeable in these things , o2 ( my provider ) apparently do not provide phones with network-updated time , i do not know if this is true or not , but it would explain how a difference could appear in the manner described .
that is something not easy to be simulated by tasker , but should be possible . the most likely trick is working with variables -- an approach you find described at google groups : how to default profile ? ( check the post by nikita popov ) . that example just defines a single default profile to fall back on if no other profile is active . a more complex example would properly make use of variables like %PACTIVE ( currently active profile ) , in the way that a " lower-priority " profile would contain the condition that the higher is not contained in %PACTIVE ( so it only becomes the active profile if no " higher-priority " profile is currently running ) .
yes , custom recovery works with encrypted honeycomb device . the built-in encryption does not touch rom and firmware at all . it just encrypts accounts , settings , downloaded apps and their data etc . which can be located on phone memory , internal sd or external sd . that is why encryption is no longer present after factory reset because there is no encrypted data available . files for custom recovery environment live on rom as firmware . that is why they survive factory reset . as flashing files/updates has to do with rom , you will be allowed to do it . when it comes to nandroid backup , you can do it too , but the chunk of encrypted data will backed up in that form which can not be restored using titanium backup . yes , you could do nandroid restore flawlessly .
open contacts , tap the name of the contact you want to set the distinctive ringtone , then open action overflow menu ( the three dots ) and tap " set ringtone " , select a ringtone different to default one and tap ok .
basically , as screen lock secures your data as long as the data chip stays in the phone ( as long as debugging is disabled [ or enabled with no trusted credentials ] and the phone is not rooted ) , whereas encrypting it secures it no matter what . old answer : it is possible to access some data via usb , however other data is not accessible , plug your tablet into the computer and wee what comes up under internal storage , that is accessible ( edit : none of it if the screen is locked ) . of course given enough time a hacker in possession of your tablet could access all the data ( as long as it is not encrypted ) ( edit : for example as you suggested by removing the internal storage and reading it with a different device ) . if your tablet is encrypted none of the data can be accessed without your passcode ( if the tablet is switched off ) . if usb debugging is enabled or you are rooted it is even easier to access the data .
i was testing ways to toggle the on-screen keyboard . in android 4.2.2 on a nexus 7 i had to go through the following steps to toggle the on-screen keyboard from the tablet while a bluetooth keyboard is connected : to activate the " choose input method " notification you need to have multiple keyboards available . on a stock nexus 7 you can go into settings then " language and input " . under " keyboard and input methods " check the box next to another keyboard like the " iwnn ime emoji input " or " google pinyin input " . ( optional ) if you do not have any other keyboards available you can install a 3rd party keyboard from the play store like the nullkeyboard or anysoftkeyboard . back in the language and input settings check the checkbox next to the 3rd party keyboard you installed . read the warning message and click ok if you agree . go to any text input box a new notification appears in your notification bar ( top left ) labeled " choose input method " , tap the notification ( not select keyboard layout ) the first item in the " choose input method " popup is " hardware " with an on/off slider , choose " off " use the radio buttons below to choose your software keyboard ( i chose the google keyboard ) tap the back button and the on-screen keyboard appears . the bluetooth keyboard is still functional .
from what google tells me , this appears to be a touchwiz issue . try a different launcher and see if that fixes it .
samsung sells replacement data cable .
the second user will have to explicitly install the wanted app ( in your example : facebook ) – as otherwise all accounts ' app drawers would be cluttered with a bunch of apps not wanted by everybody , except for those who installed them . but if the app already had been installed before by another account , it will rather be a " fake install " ( i.e. . it appears as if the app would be installed anew , but it is not downloaded again from playstore , and thus does not consume " double space" ) . one side-effect to that is : whenever a user decides to update the app , that update applies to all other accounts of the device as well .
encryption is done on the /data partition ( where all app-data is stored ) . however , /sdcard is sometimes encrypted too ( if the sdcard is actually internal memory of the phone i.e. not removable ) . if the sdcard is also encrypted , then you will be unable to flash rom 's from within recovery ( recovery can not read encrypted sdcard ) .
i just had this problem , and somehow i got this solved . what i did : entered settings -> applications -> manage applications . selected the market app , and " uninstall updates " . after that , i entered the market app again , and i was able to reinstall the app who got stucked . ps : i am not sure if this was just a coincidence , or this procedure works always , but it worked for me . ps2: my android version is actually in portuguese language , so i am not sure the option names i referred to above are correct in english .
someone over at androidcentral built their own charging dock . according to the post , . . . the pin closest to the bottom of the gn is the 5v and the pin closest to the power button in the gnd . it is assumed that the middle pin is for letting the phone know it is connected to the dock and launch the needed activities ( enable bluetooth , launch apps , etc . )
a very easy way is es file explorer from google play store . you can browse to your /system/app folder ( for system apps ) /data/app folder ( for user apps ; requires root to be accessed ) and copy them to your /sdcard ( or anywhere else ) . copying multiple files with es file explorer is very easy . just long hold one of the files , then put check marks on all the files you want to copy . then browse to the folder ( on your sdcard ) where you want to place them . connecting to your computer via your usb cable will allow you to backup your sdcard content to your computer . update ( accessing the protected data/apps area ) : i notice the /data/ directory is not readable . you can pull any of the content if you know it by name . i will describe a command-line ( cli ) solution to get the names and the files . however , the backup tools suggested by izzy are the easiest way to go . this is a step by step method to get the list of packages and pull the packages using the commandline : download and install the android sdk package ( or see is there a minimal installation of adb ? for a solution requiring much less space , if you are not intending to develop android apps ) . while you will have access to just about everything in the world ( android ) , do not be too overwhimed . . . just focus on an immediate objective , and all the other features can be for a different day . add a path to these two directories of the package install ( [installedpath]/tools and [installedpath]/platform-tools for a full sdk installation ) . now , with the android plugged in via the usb , run this to get the full list of installed apps : $ adb shell 'pm list packages' you now have a list the names of all your install apps . use the -f parameter to get the full pathname of a desired package by specifying a search string found in the previous list : $ adb shell 'pm list packages -f reader' now pull the full pathname of the package you want to get with : ## adb pull [filepathname] [destination path] ## $ adb pull /data/app/com.ebooks.ebookreader-2.apk ~/mybackupdir  the steps might appear to be complicated , but they are easier done than said . once you perform it a few times , you will find it very easy to pull any app from your device . you can also write a script to do this as your own personal backup utility . while there are gui alternatives as mentioned in the alternate answer , i strongly recommend looking at the features of the adb commands which includes full backups . . . the option for users to select precisely what they want backed up and where . installing the full android sdk will give fuller access to components of your android device ( from the commandline ) . look at the commands : $ adb -help  look at the backup section ( of the help screen ) : you can use the android backup extractor to explore the compressed backup file created by the adb utility . restoring the backup to the android is a simple "-restore " command : $ adb restore &lt;file&gt;  the android backup extractor provides a way to explore the backup and pick out individual files ( such as the apk 's as in the op 's objective ) to store or preserve . the explorer package includes a variety of multi-platform tools , such as java , perl , and cygwin . you can extract the backup with ( using the java extract opton ) : ## this line converts the android backup into a tar file ## $ java -jar abe.jar unpack backup.ab backup.tar  out side of my initial cli answer , the most precise gui app to accomplish the op 's specific question is airdroid . it is free , extremely user friendly and intuitive to use . to use , run the app . it gives a local ip address for typing into a web browser . the link will give you a ui that resembles and android home screen . click on the " apps " icon and select one or more apps to download . you can install or reinstall the apps using the same interface . there are several other gui alternatives ( graphical user interfaces ) available , e.g. qtadb ( multi-platform ) or , for windows users , also the excellent droid explorer by our member ryan conrad ( see e.g. full backup of non-rooted devices ; for more , also see our adb tag-wiki ) .
it is impossible , because fs has huge corruptions at different places . you can to use file repare utilities to try repare some data , but mostly it is broken by write to fs at the same moment , as dump process .
you can press the right soft-key ( switch application soft-key ) . the application switcher in android 4.2 includes the notification bar , which shows if there´s a gps fix . you can press the right soft-key again to return to the camera app .
same way as on any other android device : go to the android app store of your choice ( google play , appbrain , whatever ) and search for " korean keyboard " ( currently , 376 results ) install the one you find suiting your needs there are several keyboards shipping with korean language packs , so you might as well decide picking one of those . this might possibly even come with more functionality or better usability . not explicitly asked for , but it will probably be your next question : you might have to " activate " that " input method " for the keyboard to show up , or even make it the default one . this can be done in settings → languages and input ( by " settings " i mean the android settings ) .
i am the developer . it was using the full video streams up until last week when i released version 1.8 . however it is possible that the android mediaplayer when given a video stream , does not bother to download the video too , but i doubt so . now it specifically downloads audio-only streams , however only on android 4.3+ devices . android 4.2 and lower still stream the full video because the os is not compatible with the audio only streams . to give you an idea of bandwidth consumption , a 5 minute song takes up about . . . 3mb video stream , hd audio disabled 12mb video stream , hd audio enabled 3mb audio-only stream , if your device supports it . the sound quality is about equal ( possibly a little better ) than hd audio with video . on android 4.3+ devices , the hd audio switch in settings does not really do anything . .
the problem was with the selection mode . apparently mtp does not work too well with ubuntu . when i switched to ptp the usb debugging started working .
i encountered exactly the same problem as yours on my galaxy s2 with cm9 earlier this week . i figured out it might be the problem that the internal usb storage had some error on it . unfortunately , formate dalvik cache and cache will not fix the problem . you can try to mount your phone onto your computer and try to fix the error using some disk check utilities , which i tried but phone freezes after mount as usb . at last i fix the problem by doing a hard reset . so i suggest you start from trying mount your phone to your computer and do some quick backup first . if you cannot even copy out your files , it is the problem of internal usb storage with some logical errors .
if you have no reason to why the wifi drops , you might try changing the wifi sleep policy . the wifi sleep policy handles when or if the wifi connection shall switch to mobile data . if this option is set to the default value , when screen turns off , wifi connection automatically switches off when the phone has been idle for a while . you can try setting this to never , which will keep the connection on , even when the phone is not used . to change this setting , navigate to settings -> wireless and networks -> wi-fi settings -> [ menu ] -> advanced -> wi-fi sleep policy .
the pin layout between the working and not working head phones might be different and hence this behaviour . though it appears to be simple there is no one standard to which all these manufactures seems to stick with . for instance my lg p500 's stock ear phones exhibit this issue with sony ericsson sk17i , while sony 's head set played well in my lg p500 . the same problem exhibits when i use my lgp500 head phones in my desktop computer . while doing so , i just pull out the head phone slightly out to solve this issue .
solved : the android system is likely connected to the headset for phone calls , and some other device for a2dp ( media ) . some other device is still using the audio connection , even though the sound comes from android 's speaker ! what this means is that if you have any other a2dp devices that you have paired your android with ( laptop/stereo/etc ) then you will have to disconnect via the other device , not android . however under android 's " paired devices " list ( see image ) , the other device is not always listed as connected , even though it is ! if you manually try to un-check the " media audio " profile for the other device , it will not disconnect ! you must manually disconnect the other device outside of android . for example : if the other device is a laptop , you must disconnect the audio connection using the laptop . if the other device has no way to manually disconnect ( no buttons ) , just turn it off and use your android to connect to the correct device .
well , after accidentaly deleting my su binary , i downloaded and flashed the zip from http://download.clockworkmod.com/superuser/superuser.zip .
there is no such option at this moment . we can use " profiles active " variable ( %PACTIVE ) .
that is another xy problem question : you ask how to establish your suggested solution , instead to ask how to solve your real problem , which is your actual concern . for this task , you do not even need any custom rom . take a look at andmade share -- this app lets you customize your share menu on any rom , not even root is needed : as you can easily see , this app lets you . . . select ( filter ) the apps appearing in the list ( as your question required ) change the order in which they appear in the list ( e . g . put your most frequently used apps on top )
you could try this app : buttonremapper ( xda thread ) it takes a little reading to figure out how to properly configure this to your needs but once it is done it should solve your problem .
i have too a htc wildfire . for the live wallpaper , you can not use the htc sense launcher . you must use another launcher like adw or launcherpro . when you use another launcher , a new option " live wallpaper " will appear .
create a separate google account for your brother 's account . import your brother 's sim 's contacts to that google account . ok- here 's the idea i have : back up all your existing contacts to sd card . open your contacts app and press menu > import/export > export to sd card . a . vcf file will be created with all your existing contacts . using my files or astro or a file manager of choice , save / copy this backup file to another location as well . optional step - you can create a separate google account for your brother so his imported contacts are pushed/synced there . turn on airplane mode - this way there is no chance of any changes being made to your google account contacts ( added safety ) . wipe all your contacts - from within the contacts app , press menu > delete and choose all contacts . ( this is also rather optional , depending on whether you wish to sync to a google account or not ) . turn your phone off and insert your brother 's sim . turn your phone on . you currently have no contacts . from within your contacts app , press menu > import / export and choose import from sim - it'll ask where the contacts should be imported to - phone / list of google accounts . depending on your process , either choose the phone or the new google account and you ought to be done . you can either sync the new contacts to the new google account or export them to a . vcf on your sd card . this is just a rough idea of how you can do things . the end process is yours to tweak to your liking and needs .
i have since been updated to 4.0.27 and although i got prompted after my first app update as to whether i want to auto-update next time ( no mention of wi-fi though , although i suspect this is dependent on your settings ) to which i responded " not now " , i have not been prompted since in subsequent updates for other apps . in play store-> settings-> auto update , automatic update is turned off , and has no setting for ' wi-fi only ' . in version 4.0.27 there should still be a ' wi-fi only ' setting , although it is now ( hidden ) under the " auto-update apps " sub menu . in settings , tap the " auto-update apps " option : update 2013-05-11: i have had quite a few updates for various apps over the past week and not been re-prompted to auto-update next time - that is , until today . today i got prompted , to which i tapped " not now " again . i have not been re-prompted since . perhaps it prompts once a week or every so many updates ?
quoting the answer from xda forum . in linux or windows with cygwin . $ tar -H ustar -c recovery.img &gt; recovery.tar $ md5sum -t recovery.tar &gt;&gt; recovery.tar $ mv recovery.tar recovery.tar.md5 
upload the map to google from your device on maps.google.com, click " my maps " ( top left , below the google maps logo ) select the map you want to edit click the ' edit ' button ( top right in the left sidebar ) the line is now editable . right-click points on the line you want to delete and select ' delete this point ' .
not currently , but the slide . me application manager ( sam ) 4 will have support for updates .
black is the default plot color for android , so this is the placeholder until the app completes it is layout operation . there are a number of things that can cause an app to have a delay here : performing a network call ( s ) . loading data from disk . garbage collection from other tasks . restoring a complex drawing . you can check to see if it is related to network latency by putting your phone in airplane mode and opening the app . if the app pops right up , the long delay is likely due to a network call that takes a while to complete ( and completes immediately as an error when there is no connection ) . the other three are trickier to test for . if it is garbage collection , you will likely only see the delay when other apps have been recently running and then switching immediately the misbehaving app . you can completely uninstall an app , including user data , and then re-install to see if it has something to do with your personal settings .
hboot is bootloader . it lives inside nand 's first partition , mtd0 ( if partition map is mtd ) . it is loaded in memory ( ram ) when device is switched on . its jobs are : check the hardware . initialize the hardware . start the operating system ( either android or recovery ) . hboot can also support doing more than this like flashing roms . something more : nandroid backup and restore do not touch hboot .
the bluetooth device names come from the device itself , so unless there is a way to do this from your headset , this is not possible , at least on stock android . a quick google search revealed a thread that claimed cyanogenmod 7 can do this ( it creates an alias for the device , does not change the name itself ) .
i think you are searching for this app keep screen lite . it allows you to keep your mobile always awake for some of the applications . you can set the applications to not to screen timeout .
you can not use kies with custom roms ( like cm ) , only with samsung roms .
apps that use push notifications , such as the official facebook app or google+ hangouts , do not need to repeatedly check for new messages . the server sends new messages to the phone when they arrive , without having to be asked . my answer to ' how do push notifications work ? ' describes this in more detail . what you are asking about is apps that poll for updates , such as email clients ( when getting email from a server that does not support push ) or some kinds of rss reader . if the app has a setting " sync every . . . " with options like " every 15 minutes , " then it is using polling . polling like this usually uses more energy than push notifications , but not for the reason you describe in the question . in fact , android already provides a way for apps to synchronize their polling so that the phone only has to wake up once . all the apps that are waiting for an alarm will perform their update at once , to reduce power use . connecting to 3g after it is been completely turned off by the user uses even more power than waking it up from idle , so repeatedly turning it off and on by hand several times per hour will almost certainly use more power than what android does automatically . the exception to this would be if you have one misbehaving app that actually is checking for an update every few seconds , but since android makes it easier for app authors to use push notifications or to poll in an efficient way , this kind of bug is very rare .
yes it is perfectly safe . but u should be rooted to remove it . i have removed play-store on my galaxy fit a long time ago , reason being it always triggered the installation of google play services .
things that i tried that did not fix this problem : restarting the phone removing and reinserting the sim card uninstalling the skype app calling at and t support ( 611 ) and asking for them to reset the network registration of my phone restarting my phone in safe mode booting my phone into system recovery mode and wiping the cache partition solution : at and t indicated that it was a problem with the network registration , given every piece of my phone 's communication worked except for receiving sms . this turned out to be true . the solution was to put the sim card in another phone , which overrode the network registration for my number . after about a minute , the second phone received all of the texts that the first had not been able to get , and then i could move the sim card back into my regular phone and receive texts as normal .
titanium backup itself offers the corresponding widgets : long-press on a free space on your homescreen select to add a widget select titanium backup select action select one of deactivate app activate and execute app toggle ( de ) activate app select the app tap the " create widget " button
use adb to install the applications . install the adnroid sdk ( https://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html ) . enable usb debugging in settings> applications> development . this process can be done even without enabling side-loading of apps . open a command prompt window and type : adb install app_name.apk 
you are absolutely correct with your assumption a factory-reset will delete all your apps and data ( as you also can find in the factory-reset tag-wiki ) . if you want to backup your contacts and sms , i am afraid there is no native way . while the contacts you could sync with google , the same cannot be said for sms . but if you take a look at google play , searching for the string " sms backup " you will find a lot of helpful apps . depending on your preferences , they can backup to your gmail account , or do it locally . putting both things together , a good choice seems to be super backup : sms and contacts , which cares for both and can save the backup to either gmail or your sdcard . and of course it has a restore function as well . btw : on most devices , you easily can backup your contacts with the native contacts app . it supports export to/import from vcard ( .vcf ) files ( just open its menu from its main screen ) . no cloud involved . so you had only need to check for something similar for your sms , if you are concerned about privacy and want to avoid having them in the cloud .
i have been using the touchdown client for the past month and have been very pleased with how will it works with our exchange server . not free , but worth a look imho .
you will need a ms147 . be careful , you might kill your internal antenna connecting an external one .
turns out i was doing it wrong ( well at least on my my rom ) . you need to perform two double-taps . double tap the url . the first tap will select all of the url and the second will deselect it and give you the text cursor and that little text selection tab helper thing . double tap the url again to bring up the menu . or you can just keep quickly tapping until the copy menu appears . i find this whole process to be a bit unusual . other people are saying that they can long press to copy , so not sure if the above is specific to sony roms .
sounds like os monitor might do what you want . i believe it just uses the top utility to get process info . screenshot : and note that tapping on one of the rows will expand it to show info like memory use , priority , and so forth .
i would recommend another way of fetching rss feeds to your cell phone : synchronize news reader to your google account ( to read news from google reader - it should be available there ) from your ' big ' computer add this url ( stackexchange-url to your subscription in google reader . you should see news from android . se in your news reader after its next sync with google reader .
there are a few options available , depending on what your needs are exactly . option 1 - manually route specific calls through google voice before i had a smartphone , this was how i routed all my calls . basically , for every contact , i stored their regular number as well as a google voice number . the gv number was my own gv number , followed by a wait , then a 2 , another wait , and finally followed by the contact 's number and a pound key . in effect , i made a macro . ex ( my #: 1234567890 , bob 's number : 19876543210 ) : contact : Bob primary : 19876543210 secondary : 1234567890W2W19876543210# if you only have a few contacts that you wish to call via your google voice number , this option is very simple . it does add some extra time to call them , as your phone does not connect directly to your contact , but rather connects to google voice , then " manually " dials the contact 's number . note that you must have certain settings set up in google voice ( the website , not the app ) so that when you call your own number , you get the google voice menu system instead of leaving yourself a message . also , if you require a pin for your specific phone , you will have to modify the setting , or add a pin to the macro dial string . fyi , this was how i got unlimited ( outgoing ) minutes as well . since i could choose up 5 numbers to dial without using minutes , i simply chose my own google voice number as one of the five . since all my calls went through gv , my carrier simply saw me dialing the same number all the time . option 2 - add a widget to simplify google voice the google voice app has several widgets , and one of them is a 1x1 icon that rotates between the 4 calling options : Always use Google Voice , Only for International Calls , Ask Everytime , and Never use Google Voice . this is the option i used to prefer , and i have actually used this in the past . it is very useful to quickly switch phone numbers , and you do not need to go through the hassle of opening the google voice app and finding the specific setting . just click the widget until it is on the setting you want , and call from there . option 3 - use titanium backup pro to make a separate profile with the paid version of titanium backup , you can create multiple profiles for apps , essentially giving you the ability to have multiple users . this is the option i use currently , as it reduces the number of clicks i need , and it allows me to have multiple profiles on a specific set of apps i want ( such as games , lists , and google voice ) . i can switch from my normal profile to my guest profile ( for example ) so that i can hand off my phone to a family member to play games without messing up my own progress . set up a second profile that has google voice on for all calls , and make your primary profile never ask . when you want to use google voice , just switch profiles . there are other apps that let you do multiple profiles , and i know some of them are free if you only want a total of 2 profiles .
you could use a so called " app locker " like e.g. app lock , which allow you to protect selected apps with a pattern lock . a more restrictive way would be to turn your tab into a " kiosk device " ( details can be found following the kiosk-mode tag ; just 6 questions , so it should be easy to browse ) .
by default , as soon as wifi gets connected , the mobile network shuts down -- so you cannot use both simultaneously . which means : no , even a proxy allowing for exceptions would not do , as the other network simply is no longer available . quoting from cyanogenmod tracker : each time you activate wifi you will lose 3g connection . that is normal behaviour of android network manager . there were attempts on " hacking " that , as you can e.g. find here . this source from the stanford university also makes clear on the standard behaviour : given wifi is connected , then turn on 3g data connection . 3g connection will be automatically torn down by connectivity service . given 3g is connected , then turn on wifi connection . connectivity service will tear down the existing 3g connection . except from " hacking attempts " as described by the stanford example , i know of no solution to the issue .
android does not have a built-in rss feed reader , but there are many rss feed reader apps ( and websites ) that will happily import an opml file . if you want to use a website , or an app with a website-synced back end , then google reader is very popular , and you can definitely import opml files into google reader . on your device you can then either visit the google reader webpage , or use the google reader app , or one of the other many android apps that sync with google reader . to import an opml file into google reader , click the cog/gear icon in the top-right of the page , then click reader settings and then import/export . you should then see the option to upload your opml file .
just re-root . your bootloader is still unlocked , so nothing is preventing you from doing so . the nexus root toolkit should do the heavy lifting for you if you want ( just press " root" ) . manual steps would be : download a custom recovery , like clockworkmod , and save it to your computer download the superuser/su package for arm and copy it to your phone reboot into your bootloader , either by holding volume down while turning on your device or by issuing adb reboot bootloader from a pc ( plugged in via usb with debugging enabled on the phone ) use the fastboot utility to install the recovery image from your pc via : fastboot flash recovery /path/to/recovery.img  reboot into recovery ( boot into your bootloader , then press either of the volume buttons to cycle to " recovery " and press power ) . install the the superuser zip file from your recovery menu reboot . you now have root . in general , if you do not want to lose root , do not install ota updates . you can try apps like ota rootkeeper or superuser 's in-built functionality , but there is no guarantee that it will work since it depends on exactly how the ota is applied . some devices ( the kindle fire is one example ) will actually wipe the entire /system partition when performing an update , making ota rootkeeper apps useless . the only guaranteed method of updating and keeping root would be to wait for a repackaged ( rooted ) version of the ota to appear on somewhere like xda and then flash that from your recovery , or repackage it yourself .
how to find the activity ? activities are listed in the .apk file 's Manifest . this is e.g. explained in run android application from command line . the linked page gives a short example : the activity is listed in the &lt;activity&gt; element , which also holds the intent to be called ( in the contained &lt;action&gt; element ) . how to investigate the Manifest ? now for the tricky part , as we are no developers : how to view the Manifest ? luckily , we can get some help from the playstore for this -- e.g. in the form of an app called app detective : app detective and appexplore ( source : google playstore ; click images to enlarge ) as you can see in above screenshot , this app allows the user to investigate the Manifest files of installed apps , but does not stop at this . ressources , libraries , signatures , and more can be looked up . alternatives worth mentioning are the manifestviewer and the appexplore . pick your choice : ) so what is the main activity of google keep ? using above " investigation methods " , kevin figured out it is com.google.android.keep.BrowserActivity ( see below comment if you do not believe me ; )
this question is along these same lines : what causes battery to drain faster than it can charge ? so there may or may not be an app designed to drain the battery but you probably just need to turn on an app that uses the gps . this will help to fully drain your battery but i do not know that doing so before recharging will extend the battery life .
which version of android and which phone are we talking about :d ? on my htc desire running android 4.0.4 , in settings -> security -> passwords , there is an option saying " make passwords visible " . i do not use this but it might help you .
done : i backed up all my contents of my old emulator , created a fresh emulator using android create avd -t &lt;TargetID&gt; -n &lt;EmulatorName&gt; -a --abi &lt;CPU/ABI-Used&gt; to aid finding out the correct value of &lt;TargetID&gt; and the admissible values &lt;CPU/ABI-Used&gt; corresponding the same as per your choice of the api level , i used android list targets you will then find that the snapshot option is available , when you edit the same avd from the android virtual device manager . so check the snapshot . and when you launch , be sure you have checked " launch from snapshot " and " save to snapshot " options . now use the rm commands in the adb shell to remove the imes . ( i will make it clear soon how one does that ) you close and next time you open it through emulator command , it loads from snapshot and the permanence of the ime settings ( or for that matter any system settings ) is achieved ! ( p . s . : only when you change the hardware configuration will you need to actually reboot , in which case you cannot launch from snapshot as it was saved for a different hardware configuration ! ) as the question indicates , all i want is that my hardware keyboard is active and i really do not care about the 4 input methods there . it never occurred to me that i could simply remove all imes : here 's how : mount the /system folder . retrieve the apk names of the imes by going into /system/app and displaying its contents : next just do rm &lt;IMEapkname&gt;.apk  for instance in case of the japanese ime one executes rm /system/app/PinyinIME.apk  since this trick , for me , did not work thus far for the sample soft keyboard : i came out of the adb shell and did : adb uninstall com.example.android.softkeyboard  update : once you ensure that the snapshot has saved properly ( try launching from snapshot via terminal/avd manager , it must not produce errors ) and do not want to make further changes to the system applications or hardware configurations , do launch the emulator with the -no-snapshot-save option : emulator -no-snapshot-save -avd Andreud  so that you can launch from snapshot like before and avoid aberrations that occur while saving to snapshot ( lest it should produce error saying it was saved for a different hardware configuration ) . moreover you can save some valuable seconds it takes to save the snapshot . so this way your overall android emulator experience improves !
easy peasy : i was using adaway ( an app that blocks ads ) and somehow its tweaking of my hosts file was not accepted by python . yay ! :d
the android release matrix at androidspin is pretty comprehensive . there is also the pdadb .netrom respository , although i do not think it is as user friendsly as the androidspin db . last ( and least relevant to your question ) is theunlockr 's list of android roms ( i just thought it was worth mentioning ) .
it is routed by the carrier so even if your phone is off it will get appropriately routed to google voice . with non-android phones you have to type the carrier specific activation code into the keypad and hit send to make the change at the carrier level . the google voice android app takes care of this for you with a simple toggle in the settings menu .
chmod will never be supported . that is on purpose according to comments in the source code . here 's a reference to the fuse implementation on github pointing to a comment that says this . and the original head on googlesource ( a bit harder to navigate than github ) . even root cannot bypass it : note that ownership is hardcoded to media_rw:media_rw ( below /data/media ) . ps : /data/media is another story , all the regular permissions apply here , it is ext4 and root is allowed to do whatever it wants .
there are several rdp/vnc application on android , which can be used to " run " any windows application . what you basically need to do is fairly straightforward : setup a server or virtual machine running a windows machine install a rdp/vnc viewer on your android configure the viewer to connect to the server citrix and azure virtualization platform can be accessed by regular off-the-shelf rdp viewer . as an alternative , many open source or off-the-shelf virtualization software like virtualbox or vmware also supports rdp or vnc protocol for remote displays of their virtual machines . how to set up the server is outside the scope of [ android . se ] , try [ superuser ] or [ serverfault ] . once the server is setup , it is fairly straightforward to setup the android part , come back with a more specific question if you had trouble when you get there .
assuming that it has not changed since ics , you can go to : Settings \u2192 Language &amp; Input \u2192 Android Keyboard settings  you can enable another languages over there and then you can quickly switch by long pressing on the space bar or by tapping on " select input method " entry on the notification bar .
basically , you can back up everything which has a " data provider " available -- as e.g. contacts , call-logs , sms , and the like . if you search the playstore for " backup " , it will give you a lot of apps for that . one of the best non-root backup solutions for this probably is mybackup pro , which covers most of it -- though there are a lot of apps offering to backup/restore parts . most other app 's data cannot be backed-up , however . some of them provide possibilities to export their settings ( and import them at a later point ) , others have dedicated backup apps ( i remember e.g. something like that for angry birds ) . for contacts and calendar , there is also the possibility to sync them with your google account . i would not , however , rely on the " google backup " for other things , as it is often reported to unsuccessfully restore . for that case , there are extra measures one can take . the easiest would be to logon to appbrain with your google credentials , and sync your installed apps . appbrain then allows you to save that as a list with their service : you can then use this list to restore all apps you put into it -- or you could even send it to a different device ( even a different user 's device ) for a " mass install " . in case you had some apps installed which are no longer available on the playstore , you could also take a look at appmonster : in its payed ( pro ) version , it also allows batch-install . plus , it captures each app you install/update and saves a copy -- which can be useful in the future as well : if some update breaks a functionality , you can ask appmonster to simply restore a previous ( captured ) version . and though this currently does not affect you ( as your android version is lower than 4.0 ) , just to mention for other users ( and your possible future device ) : starting with android 4.0 , there is the possibility for a full backup of non-rooted devices ( rooted users always have this possibility with titanium backup ★ root ) . data stored on your sd card should not be affected by the factory-reset .
try these : download the android sdk , and try the driver inside the sdk . check out this link : android lenovo adb interface driver
if you go through your apps list you can see all the apps that have permission to send texts ( or you could use appops to save having to click on every app ) , you can then narrow it down based on how reputable the app is , and/or doing web searches , once you thing you have narrowed down the app you can either , uninstall the app or block the permission using app ops , however if it was text secure that was the offending app , then you wont be able to tell as it has already been uninstalled .
there is a very useful way to bypass the activation on this model of phone . when you are presented with the activation screen ( the little android ) , press the following corners of the screen in this order : top left top right bottom right bottom left you now have the option to completely bypass activation .
go to Settings-&gt;About Phone ( this is the last menu item in the settings menu ) and find the version number menu item in the menu . 1 . find the android quickly tap the android version number several times and an android will appear on your screen : 2 . find the nyan-droid press and hold the android n the screen and it will grow . keep holding it and at the end a set of androids wearing ice cream sandwiches will fly across your screen , like so : enjoy ! !
to my knowledge-- all android stock browsers will keep the history forever . until the cache is manually wiped or wiped because of an ota update -- since i am pretty sure the updates wipe the cache before booting-- even still , i am pretty sure the browser 's cache is not touched in that process . i am quite certain you have nothing to worry about in terms of losing history . if you are running 4.0 . x ( i think it is exclusive to that version- you could check ) , you can get the chrome beta browser , which keeps your history in sync with your google account-- along with your bookmarks , and of course the history from any other machines you run chrome on . pretty neat .
from the wi-fi settings page , tap menu and choose advanced . from the advanced wi-fi settings , uncheck " network notification " . it is only for open networks , but those are the only ones that ics on the epic touch 4g reports .
in my case , i installed my own certificate which even on removing was some where present do not know where so ultimately i cleared up every thing and again tried to remove pin and it got removed . proper way would be settings--> security--> clear credential clear credentials is last option under security heading . and now u can change your pin setting--> security--> screen lock--> swipe/none whatever you feel comfortable with . enjoy :d
i have several contacts that act the same way . sometimes when i append the contact 's number 's label to the end of my spoken command it helps ; something like , " call john smith , mobile " or " call john smith , home . "
i gave up and returned the phone to the guy i bought it from on ebay , saying it was faulty . my conclusion was that it was an intermittent hardware fault .
sounds like you need to delete the widget , clear the data and cache for contacts storage , re-sync , and re-add the widget . that should get rid of bad data that is likely screwing things up .
i updated my rom to a cm variant ( slimbean to be specific ) and found this in the settings this worked for me . thanks bassmadrigal for the comment . from that i came to know of cm . my friend usually takes care of my rom , but now i see that cyanogenmod is an awesome fork of android custom rom . can i go ahead and accept my own answer therefore ? : )
you mentioned in your question that you do not want to buy any additional connectors . any reason in particular ? how unwilling are you to spend money ? resolution is not going to be the problem , it is latency . if you are absolutely adverse to paying , try running a vnc server on your phone then connect to it using a vnc viewer program on your computer . laptop magazine has a very good walkthrough here : how to control an android device from your pc . they reference vmlite vnc server which is $9.99 but you can find other vnc server programs that are free ( though several do not look terribly trustworthy , imo ) . you are getting what you pay for , however ; a cheap wireless solution means input lag . your games are going to be very hard to play and the experience will be generally poor . if you can manage a few dollars , then an micro usb to hdmi mhl adapter ( with 5pin to 11pin micro usb adapter for your s4 - be sure to read the fine print ! ) as referenced in gt7599a 's answer is the way to go . $15 ( ish ) plus an hdmi cable gets you a wired solution with very low latency . if you want something wireless but are also wanting to be able to actually play games , your best bet is an adapter that takes advantage of the s4 's wifi direct/miracast capabilities . that means a samsung wi-fi all-share cast hub ( $55 ) , netgear push2tv ( $60 ) , or similar . how much is it worth to you ?
some developers use the android id as a way of verifying who you are . so if you do not restore the android id , you will have to re-validate certain apps . for example , google play music and netflix will see a new device tied to your account ( source ) . google play music limits the number of devices you can have attached , so people who wipe their phone multiple times to try out new roms may have problems trying to sync with google play music as they reach the 10 device limit ( source ) . you can deauthorize devices if you have reached your limit . in practice , it is generally best to restore the id if you are going to also restore apps via titanium backup . there is no upside to keeping a new id , and there are potential downsides if you do not restore .
if you are using google two step authorisation , then you can revoke the one-time password that you assigned to the phone remotely from your google account 's settings , i do not think that this is possible unless you are using the two step authorisation . go to your google account settings page , click the edit link beside "2 step verification " , click " manage application-specific passwords " , look down the list for the password assigned to your old phone and click the " revoke " link . next time the phone tries to access your google account , it should be denied access and your sister will see a warning asking her to enter the new password . if you have not set up the two step authorisation then , to do it directly on the phone , as long as the phone is running android 2.1 ( eclair ) or newer , then you can go into settings -> accounts and sync -> then select the account and you should have a remove account button at the bottom of the screen . once you have done this switch the phone off and on again ( just to make sure that no apps are running that have already logged in ) , and it should be removed . note that this will not remove all of your old data from the phone , it will just remove some of the google synced data , and stop anything new from coming down from ( or going up to ) your google account . to be sure that all of your old data is removed from the phone , you will need to wipe the phone with a factory reset .
this time the correct approach , hopefully : xda mentions the stats being located in /data/system/netstats/* ( the statistic data you are looking for ) and /data/system/netpolicy.xml ( configuration of the applications that have restricted reference data ) .
after a lot of reading and trying various things i have managed to get control over my phone again . this guide sounds good , but it did not work for me as i have encountered an error because of my specific device . this might work with others though . what worked was this guide ( which has problems rendering images sometimes ) . i have tried first to unlock the bootloader ( blu button in flashtool ) and used the these instructions to obtain the unlock code based on the imei . after that i have downloaded a stock ftf image ( from goo . im ) , placed in the firmware folder of flashtool . then i could flash the ftf to the phone . also , because i was using windows 8 , had to reboot into trouble shoot more to change an option to allow non signed drivers . hope this helps others with similar issues .
called customer support and it sounded like a defective unit . they covered it under the 1 yr included warranty . they pay for the shipping label as well , all you need to supply is the box .
i had the same problem with kindle fire utility , and i actually figured this out . the install_drivers.bat replaces the driver , which is not what you want ! you need both drivers in place , the regular amazon kindle one , and the adb driver . to get it to work : uninstall the android adb driver in device manager ( right click to do this ) in device manager , right click the kindle device and select " update driver software " , then point it to the included kindle fire utility folder that has the driver /drivers/kindle then , it finally worked -- both drivers were in place -- then adb showed up as online and i could get root , and do all the other stuff with kfu .
had this very issue earlier tonight myself . the 51-android . rules needs to be world read-execute , and it is probably best to run service udev restart ( or reboot ) after changing this , then re-plug your device . if it still does not work , double-check the vendor id you have supplied ; with your android device connected , run lsusb . htc also use the vendor id 18d1 on newer devices .
there are several approaches to accomplish this . ready-to-use tools like juicedefender or greenpower " stutter " data ( i.e. . turn data and sync on only in certain intervals , as you requested ) . the same could be accomplished using an automation tool like tasker or llama , which then could be used for other automation as well . apart from that , you might want to check what you have enabled to sync ( see : settings→account and sync ) . maybe you do not need to sync all of that , so you can uncheck parts . i found that about have the stuff enabled there by default i did not want or need . less stuff to sync also means less power needed for the job . and bandwidth saved as a side-effect .
this post will explain everything . it details how gpu rendering works in ics . https://plus.google.com/105051985738280261832/posts/2fxdcz8x93s though , if you want a short answer : gpu rendering essentially forces the drawing of windows and ui elements in apps to be calculated and done using the gpu of your phone instead of the cpu . this frees up clock cycles for the cpu to do other tasks enabling your phone to be generally smoother and faster . however , this means that everything being done by the gpu eats more ram ( as its using opengl to do it which requires more overhead ) . android has always done some aspects with the gpu using hardware acceleration . what i have described is a major oversimplification . its not so cut and dry . please read the link above in its entirety for a full understanding of the concept .
you can choose when , and how often , you want your application to check its license and you have full control over how it handles the response , verifies the signed response data , and enforces access controls . from http://developer.android.com/guide/market/licensing/overview.html so yes basically whenever the developer wants it to . i would imagine the most common time to check is when the application is first opened . your application does not query the licensing server directly , but instead calls the google play client over remote ipc to initiate a license request . in the license request : your application provides : its package name , a nonce that is later used to validate any response from the server , and a callback over which the response can be returned asynchronously . the google play client collects the necessary information about the user and the device , such as the device 's primary google account username , imsi , and other information . it then sends the license check request to the server on behalf of your application . the google play server evaluates the request using all available information , attempting to establish the user 's identity to a sufficient level of confidence . the server then checks the user identity against purchase records for your application and returns a license response , which the google play client returns to your application over the ipc callback . so : the information about the application , the device and the user goes off to google 's servers . google then checks your name against the list of people it knows have paid for the application on google play . ( it could also check the name of the application against a list of applications it knows that you have downloaded from google play ) if it can see that you have downloaded ( and paid for ) the application from google play it sends back that you have a license , if not then it tells the app you do not . obviously this is all done online so if you are offline then it will not work . if i was writing the application i would have a counter to let the person to use it offline 3 times or so before having to go online to get the license check in order to stop the kind of thing happening to you where you can not play offline . of course if someone digs into the file where the counter is stored they could change the value back to 3 tries every time they use it and never have to pay but that is probably beyond the technical competence of most users .
this is the real issue cyrus had ( we tracked it down via interactive chat ) : the phone has obviously some race condition between plugging usb in and usb ready . plugging in basically gives 2 events : power connected event ( start charging battery ) usb connected event ( enumerate devices etc . ) if the host system asks for usb enumeration too quickly ( before the power-connected event has settled probably ) , then that operation fails and the device stays invisible . the workaround is to slowly insert the usb cable . reason : usb has 4 pins , the 2 outer ones are +/- and protrude longer than the inner 2 data pins . if inserted slowly , there is a time gap between the power-connected event and the data-connected event
it is generally below 5 minutes , anything over 10 minutes is probably considered a wrong flash . read the instructions given by the developer and than try again . if it still does not work as for help in the roms thread ask they will be better suited to help with specific questions about your rom than us .
try super bt mono . it does not explicity say that it works for non-ad2p headsets but i believe that is the whole point of the app . there would be no need for this app with a headset that has ad2p . edit : whoops , that is for froyo only and you are on eclair . basically you need to find an app that will stream audio over the hsp profile instead of ad2p but i could not find one for you . you have 3 options as i see them : get android 2.2 on your phone and try super bt mono froyo pro root your phone , load cyanogenmod and try super bt mono pro buy a headset that supports ad2p ( they can be as cheap as $30 ) sorry i could not help more .
i love it when i can give these answers ; ) simple answer : no , this is not possible . long answer : toasts are built into apps , and are low level . there is no way for 3rd party apps to catch toasts , and there is no way to view them longer . this could be possible if you made your own custom rom however .
this appears to be something of a bug , either in ics or the galaxy nexus ( though i am unsure which ) . unbeknownst to me , there is a " system volume " level that controls , among other things , the output of ui sound effects . this volume level does not appear to be modifiable within the normal system settings , but you can modify it with third party apps . based on this information ( which i obtained from an xda thread ) , i downloaded volume control + from the play store and launched it . the very last slider on the interface was for " system volume " , and it was set to a value of 0 . once i cranked it back up to the maximum , my ui sounds began playing normally again . i do not know what causes this to become muted inadvertently .
while websites can not directly access the gps , then can get the current location from the device ( but of course only if the user has granted the permission ) . i think that this is done via html5 's gelocation api , but i am not sure .
that button is for replying to a tweet
there is an application called root uninstaller pro 2.7 , with the sole purpose of allowing users uninstall either system or regular applications . to download it to your phone via wap : visit http://wap.mobiles24.com on your wap enabled handset select download by id and enter 552004 click download item other links : root uninstaller pro 2.7 android app apk google play :: root uninstaller pro ( small price )
when you reply in the same conversation , that reply should go to the same number . is it not ? check that number shown on the very top of the conversation . it is the number you are currently replying . if you click that number the contact ( or popup ) will open showing all the numbers attached to that particular contact . you should be able to choose a different number to message with this option .
you can also install the software directly from the android market . but you will not be able to start it easily . you can use adb to start the app as described here i recommend myphoneexplorer . you will also need to install the desktop program and then start the app on your phone as mentioned in the link above . be mindful of any optional toolbar that might ask to be installed on your desktop though . update : i did not need to start the app on my phone , merely connecting the cable was enough . galaxy s2 on gingerbread 2.3.3 ( rooted , but that should not be a factor ) .
navigate to Settings &gt; Application Manager &gt; All then select Reset App Preferences from the menu . try if this works , it worked for me for some other apps .
unfortunately you can not change the number of screens and still use the htc sense ui . at least not in any of the versions i have seen . you can uninstall it or turn it off , but then you will not have free access to all of the htc widgets , if you like those . if you really want the performance kick you will get from less screens in total , and therefore using less ram , you will have to go back to vanilla android . simply using less widgets , as you have done , will certainly help somewhat . i feel you pain too , i really only need 3 screens for my favorite widgets and folders , bit i kind of like some the the htc widgets .
you cannot use anything but fat for the external sdcard . android will not mount the card if it is not fat .
gingerbread 2.3.4 rom added support for device encryption , but the feature was not accessible from settings until honeycomb ( tablets ) and ics ( smartphones ) . to enable device encryption in gingerbread device , you need to add an exchange account . not sure , but it should be accessible through api too . there are also some hacks to enable device encryption directly in gingerbread : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1405165
i am not too keen on the why , but sh on cyanogenmod is a bit watered down . as joachim noted in the comments , usually you can modify PS1 to change your prompt , but it does not properly expand prompt variables : however , cyanogenmod does ship with a modified version of sh called ash ( i believe this is for android shell ) , which does support a subset of these prompt variables . here 's some examples of what does and does not work , with local echo removed for the sake of clutter/space : as for tab-completion : i do not personally know of a way to make this work . i imagine the main problem is actually that the adb shell buffers input up until you press enter , so the tab is not actually sent to the shell program when you hit it . a good illustration of this is to open a file with more . the q key exits the more program , but you actually have to press q and then hit enter to quit because the initial q keystroke is not sent until you press enter to send the whole buffer . okay , ssh is a different beast . assuming you have a reasonably sane client ash will give you tab-completion along with the prompt variable expansion noted above . if you are using dropbear ( the ssh daemon that ships with cyanogenmod ) then you can configure ash to be the default prompt by logging into your device ( either ssh or adb shell works here ) and doing the following : # echo "/system/xbin/ash" &gt; /data/dropbear/.profile  this assumes /data/dropbear/.profile does not yet exist , because it will overwrite any existing version ( this file is not created automatically , though ) . it can be edited instead if the file already exists , of course . then restart dropbear and log in again . you should land at an ash session :
sorry , now i see the small microphone icon and globe icon for setting the speech language ( keeping the globe pressed allows you to choose which languages to toggle back and forth between ) on the soft keyboard that comes up .
a software update fixed this problem . must've been a bug in opera mobile .
i found that the following sequence works : while on , run adb reboot recovery from command line . this will restart into standard android recovery . ( if your device is not seen , start at #2 and come back . ) take battery out . unplug usb . hold power down for 10 seconds . ( someone theorized it discharges the capictors . ) plug usb cable in . put battery in . this starts the phone up automatically for some reason . it then loads clockwork recovery automatically . i do not know why this works and clockwork recovery did not provide a standard method to start . this would work in the middle of a failed install of cyanogenmod . after a flash to a stock sbf rom , it no longer worked .
in android 2.2 's stock keyboard , a long press on space bar then swiping left or right should allow you to switch between languages you selected on Settings &gt; Language &amp; Keyboard settings &gt; Android keyboard &gt; Input Languages &gt; Select Multiple Languages . note that it depends on your manufacturer , carrier , and rom whether your phone will have the dictionary for the languages you want to use .
the problem is solved by restarting the phone .
/system is almost always read-only by default . just remount it as r/w : # mount -t ext3 -o rw,remount /dev/block/mmcblk0p25 /system  there is also at least one app that will attempt to do this for you , but it may not work on all devices . another option is to use adb root ( if your rom will allow it ) to restart adbd as root , then simply issue adb remount . on roms where adbd is already running as root , the first command is unnecessary and adb remount will work right off the bat . from a pc : C:&gt; adb root * Some response about success * C:&gt; adb remount Remount succeeded  as to why it is getting blown away , is your device nand unlocked ? many htc devices will attempt to restore their /system partition to a stock state if they are nand locked , making changes to /system fleeting at best . that is something of an educated guess , but the fact that you noted that you are using visionary to temproot seems to support that hypothesis .
there are two ways i think you can do this , in the android app , click on the layer selection and go to the my maps layer , where you should see your private maps . if you want to access your bookmarked address , from the main maps screen , click the menu button and choose the bookmarks option . ( not sure about bookmarks , i have a french ui , so it shows as ' favoris' )
you might try the ultimate rotation control app -- when i tested , i found that it could force any of the apps i tested to rotate . it is a seven day free trial , then requires a license purchase ( us$2.99 ) . it turned out that i did not really consider the app that inspired me to download this any better when force rotated , so i did not purchase , but your mileage may vary .
if you are rooted , install autorun manager . make sure you have busybox installed and use Advanced Mode of autorun manager . it displays all receivers of an app as well as intents to which receivers are registered . from there , you can disable a receiver of an app , too . but , you had need pro version if you want to disable more than two receivers .
if you are getting ics update from device manufacturer , its ok to upgrade . it'll be usable on small screen because you will not get bare vanilla rom . . manufacturers put their own skins over it . so , if sony ericsson is pushing upgrade to xperia mini , their custom skin would take care of usability . other than this , you will get performance boost with ics upgrade . there're other benefits , too . so , i would recommend you to upgrade . best of all , would you like to be out-of-date ?
there are many that seem to be " standard " , but they can also be added by individual applications ( e . g . provider-installed ) . check out http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=540483 for a method to extract telephony codes from your installed apps .
the facebook app ( at least as of july ) simply does not support the transformer . it is pretty bad on a tablet anyway , and i do not even use it on my xoom . however , some solutions you could try include : try to download facebook from a different app store ( amazon , slideme , etc ) . you may also be able to use market enabler , though i am not sure if it will bypass device restrictions . there is a question that discusses this already . you could try the about:debug trick to switch your useragent to " desktop " . that is discussed here . this works on my xoom and allows me to view the chat bar . you can install opera mobile and then go into the settings and select the " desktop " user agent ( press the " o " button , then Settings-&gt;Advanced-&gt;User Agent ) . this also works on my xoom . other browsers also allow you to switch the user agent string , so these may also work ( dolphin , for example ) . you can use a third-party im client like trillian , which supports facebook accounts . facebook chat is , i believe , xmpp under the covers , so other chat clients will probably also work . if you want a tablet-oriented facebook app , i recommend friend me , though it does not currently support facebook chat . friendcaster also has a beta version for tablets that you can try out .
i was able to get a fix by doing the following : remove any rubber-case or any case for that matter as most of them affects the reception of the gps transceiver go outside . do not attempt to do this inside your house . go to settings -> location and turn on " use wireless networks " and " use gps sattelites " . ( connect to your wireless network now ) download and install the " gps status and toolbox " app . launch the app . press menu -> tools -> manage a-gps state press reset press download reboot your phone ( not sure if this is necessary ) . re-launch the app ( make sure that both gps and network are turned-on ) leave your phone ( while the app is running ) in a place with clear line-of-sight for about an hour . watch a movie , drink coffee , whatever . just leave it for an hour . btw , you should see a few satellites after 30 seconds but without locks ( no long/lat ) . after an hour , you should get a lock if there is at least one satellite . after your first lock , it will be faster ( a matter of seconds to a minute ) to get your next lock . and oh , you no longer need to use " wireless networks " on your consecutive locks so you can just turn that off . good luck !
you may get what you want , if you find a model that includes this functionality already ( like e.g. the older archos g9 tablets did ) but it will not work out of the box for most models . there is the autopatcher project ( thread on xda ) that enables 3g dongles for modem-less tablets ( but it is limited to certain custom roms like cyanogenmod , aosp , rooted google stock android and others ) . regarding the power question : that is up to the exact model and you will need to find out by trial and error or get that info from searching google/specs/etc . the same applies to your last question ( but in general , those tv sticks are built to be plugged in and out and need to survive sudden power losses just as phones need to because they tend to run out of battery juice ) .
the desire supports sdhc which is upto 32gb so it should work fine . i have a 16gb in my droid and there is no difference noticable from a smaller card ( other than it having more capacity ) . if you were to find a bigger card ( i am not sure they have any in micro ) you had need a phone that supports sdxc .
a service like dropbox should be able to do this for you . it'll sync the files up to the web , and then your pc ( with dropbox installed ) should pull them down .
weatherbug ( free ) seems to meet your criteria . has nice widgets , multiple location support , and tons of weather stations . there is also a pay version ( weatherbug elite ) which removes ads and adds several additional features such as radar in motion and detailed hourly forecasts .
if you open the play store on your android device and go to that app 's page within the refund period , a refund option is available to tap . i am not certain if this is available in the web version of the play store ( it is not , as far as i can tell ) .
upgrading to gingerbread ( android 2.3 ) resolves this issue .
there is not a system setting , so the app smart rotator is probably the closest thing you can get , but yes , in the beginning , you have to set everything up yourself .
although this article is somewhat old ( 2011 ) , it goes over the concept of rooting and how rooting is done . rooting is basically exploiting a security flaw ( in phones which do not have have it exposed to public unlike the nexus line of devices ) to get the phone to execute code not from the manufacturer . http://seasonofcode.com/posts/how-rooting-works-a-technical-explanation-of-the-android-rooting-process.html
sent it back for repair . main board was exchanged and now it is working fine with the latest version . just bad luck i guess .
the honeycomb 3.2 update for logitech review fixed this .
can you replace the pwd symbolic link with a script that just runs ' busybox pwd ' ? or would an alias work ?
looks like this is a pretty common problem . one of the comments in the second link says that you need to change /sdcard to /mnt/sdcard . apparently android 2.2 changed the way the sdcard is mounted and the error you are receiving comes from /sdcard being a symbolic link in 2.2 rather than an absolute path . http://code.google.com/p/swiftp/issues/detail?id=86 http://code.google.com/p/swiftp/updates/list
if you have a compromised kernel , then it does not matter whether you have root or not . packet sniffing app goes through the kernel 's public interface for sniffing packets , which is why they are subject to security restrictions ; a compromised kernel can simply bypass all that and read the packets directly from the kernel internal data structure or directly from the hardware . kernel code runs under supervisor mode which gives them direct access to the hardware including being able to read any parts of memory of any program running on the system . if it is a branded phone that had been customized by your telco , they build the device image for your device , including the kernel image . in non-branded phone , it is similar situation except it is with the manufacturer . additionally , manufacturers can also install malicious hardware .
short answer is yes you can . long answer is below but basically it depends on your device , your bootloader and if someone has figured out an exploid to unlock the bootloader yet . more information : from this link you can see the difference : what is bootloader and why unlock it ? in literal terms , bootloader is code that is executed before any operating system starts to run . bootloaders basically package the instructions to boot operating system kernel and most of them also have their own debugging or modification environment . as the bootloader kicks off before any piece of software on your device , it makes it extremely processor specific and every motherboard has it’s own bootloader . every android phone has a bootloader that instructs the operating system kernel to boot normally . why is it locked ? a bootloader is usually locked on an android device because although it’s an open source os , still the manufacturers want you to stick to their android os version specifically designed for the device . in order to apply this concept , manufacturers lock the bootloader . with a locked bootloader on android devices , it is virtually impossible to flash a custom rom and forced attempts void warranty as well as usually end up in bricks . why should i unlock ? the explanation to this question is really simple . if you want root , you’d be wanting to flash custom rom post-root , and if you want to install a custom rom , you’d need to have your stock bootloader unlocked . in simple terms unlocking the bootloader allows you to install custom firmware on your android phone warning : unlocking your phone’s bootloader voids its warranty . it also completely wipes ( formats ) your android phone’s internal memory including applications , contacts , sms and mms messages etc . just a quick note… . root can be achieved without unlocking the bootloader but that requires an exploit that is discovered by a developer . this quick note is the important part really . it has to be discovered by a developer , so it depends on the device and if someone has figured out the exploit and released tools for you to do it . htc let you unlock your bootloader through htc dev site but others will not give you an inch on this .
in the official facebook for android app , you can shut off chat via the following : start up facebook make sure you are in the main menu ( press back if it shows the news feed ) click " chat " press the menu button and hit " go offline "
ubuntu running on one computer is really no different from ubuntu running on another computer , whether one of the computers is called a " phone " or not :p things to consider for your applications : does this application rely on specific video libraries ? no existing android phone has an ati video chip , for example , as far as i am aware . does this application rely on specific input methods or other hardware ? not all android devices support peripherals . of course , most have bluetooth so ubuntu should be able to manage a bluetooth keyboard , for example , but i am not sure whether a phone 's bluetooth stack could be so different as to not work in ubuntu . does this application rely on the x86 architecture ? most ( all ? ) android devices use the arm architecture . i would suspect that emacs would be fine if you compiled it for the chipset of whatever device you used . ruby might be more complicated -- maybe it relies on specific x86 instructions , i have not really studied how interpreted languages work in that regard -- but maybe not . you are making me want to try ubuntu on my phone so i can better answer these questions :p
i remove the saved networks and it started working again . hope this helps someone else .
by doing a factory reset and formatting the sd cards , i would say that it is safe enough to sell . if you want to be perfectly sure , flashing the original rom with option of wiping the cache will make the phone as good as you got it when you purchased . of course , still you have to format the sd card in that case as well . to know how to flash the original rom for you lg optimus gt540 , you can visit this page , which has a step by step instructions about this process . you should be able to find similar such page for your other samsung device just with google search . update : i found this web page , which explains about to how to downgrade i5800 to 2.1 . by that process you can get the original rom ( watch out for the region ) and safely sell .
i believe this is simply because android puts the wifi to sleep to save power when the screen is turned off . you can try setting the wifi sleep policy : Settings &gt; Wireless &amp; Network Setting &gt; Wifi Settings &gt; Press Menu button &gt; Advanced &gt; Wifi sleep policy to Never and see if your problem still persists . alternatively though , instead of having your server ping your phone , i think it will be easier for the phone to " ping " ( or make a http request or through other methods ) the server when it is connecting to your wifi network . your application can register to the system to receive a broadcast intent when certain wifi events occurred .
grab this . apk file from the xda forums and sideload it like you would any other app . the instructions state that it will work on unrooted devices , and cnet actually ran an article detailing this a little while back . the original xda thread is here , the link you need is the one under the qr code ( the " apk method" ) . this particular method will evidently only work if you live in the us and have android v4.0.2 or later installed , but that should cover any typical vzw galaxy nexus at this point . as far as i am aware , you will not be able to get updates from the play store if you sideload like this , but that is the only caveat i have personally encountered thus far on my vzw galaxy nexus . i used the free $10 prepaid balance at mcdonald 's without any issue . a few additional musings after doing some experimentation : after sideloading the . apk above i was not able to update wallet from the play store app on my phone . however , if i logged into the web store and visited the page for wallet , it listed my galaxy nexus as compatible . hitting install on the web page allowed me to push the updated version to my phone successfully , despite the fact that i could not do it from my phone . if you are itching to try out the newly added ability to add your credit card to wallet , you could try the above to get yourself updated to the newest version . alternatively , if you consider me a " trusted source " ( i am trustworthy , i swear ) you can get a copy from my dropbox account . i simply pulled the updated . apk file from my device after i updated through the play store , so i can safely say this version has not been tampered with by any third parties .
from self testing of the drive , quickoffice and the new docs apps and an official google blog posting , it seems like the strategy will be : google drive app to view and organize your files quickoffice to open ms documents stand alone google docs apps ( docs , sheets , and eventually slides ) to open google doc files some testing i did shows ( moto x 4.4.2 with docs v1.3.144.12 ; quickoffice v6.3.1.041 ; drive v1.2.563.21 ) : the quickoffice app only opens microsoft format files ; i am unable to load native google documents the new docs app only opens google doc word files ; i am unable to load microsoft format files a google blog post has a statement that leads me to believe their strategy is to remove document editing from the drive app itself , and just have it open the stand-alone apps for google doc files , and quickoffice for ms document files : if you don’t have time now , over the next few days you’ll be prompted to download the apps when you go to edit or create a document or spreadsheet in your drive app . and of course , you’ll still be able to use the drive app to view and organize all of your documents , spreadsheets , presentations , photos and more . we also may be in line for a new google drive update soon - which removes in-drive editing . the ios version of drive has stripped in-drive document editing ( in favor of the external apps ) and added a pin code to allow you to encrypt local documents . ( source ) edit : the new google drive app has been released , which removes in-drive editing , and will prompt you to download the new docs and sheets apps .
this depends on the features that come with your droid x , as they may be slightly different than other brands of android phones . on my phone ( cyanogenmod 7.1 gingerbread ) there is a setting under Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Call Settings -&gt; Blacklist , and another forum user says in android 2.1 there is an option under Menu -&gt; settings -&gt; call settings -&gt; all calls -&gt; auto reject . others say in some contacts applications you can long-press a contact and choose to block them specifically . another good solution is to use google voice to handle calls and voicemail and such . it is not built in to begin with , but it is a google service , so like second party . although , in ics you can specify a reject list that matches certain criteria ( start with , ends with , includes , exactly the same as ) . this way you could specify start with 1-800 and it would reject all calls that start with 1-800 . according to a post on this forum . so if you are using an ics rom , you may be in luck , as most here are skeptical about the droid x getting an official ics update .
this looks like it could be an issue with certain background services malfunctioning . try observing the background services and disable some of them to see if you might hit the culprit . to do it in a way that is less hit and miss , there are several battery app in the market or you can use ics native battery monitor to see if there are anything that are consuming more battery than it really should .
there is no such site that lists all the available rom 's for all the devices - if there was , it would be huge . the best way to find a custom rom , as well as ways to flash and guides , is to check the more popular forums - such as xda-developers or the android forums .
jelly bean devices do not use usb mass storage to mount themselves on pcs . they use the more secure mtp method , and ubuntu does not natively support mtp . the method you have linked to is the only official way to do what you want . i own a nexus 7 , but i am using a custom rom , and as such , usb mass storage is hacked into my build . however , i believe on the stock rom , if you check in storage and you press menu , you should have an option to set the usb connection type , and there is a picture transfer mode . it will not let you see all of the files on your nexus , but it will allow you to copy and it should not need any extra help inside ubuntu . for an extremely detailed explanation on mtp and why it exists , and why on the stock rom you will never be able to use it as a flash drive , i highly recommend you check this stackexchange question : how can i use my galaxy nexus as an external usb storage drive ?
pressing the middle ( or home ) button does " minimize " the app . this is a design idea of android . if the app does not get resumed at the same point , then that is the failure of the app 's developer and source code not using the relevant api calls or a general flaw in the app 's code .
no app can " optimize " or " maintain " the battery in any way as it can not get the necessary access to the hardware -- probably not even if it required root . this app explicitly advertises that it does not . anyway , the manufacturer 's engineers surely have already implemented all the necessary optimizations . there is no way that the app 's developers knows anything useful about every phone 's charging circuitry and battery that the engineers do not . in short , there is no way this app does anything useful at all . ( it might even be malware , but i do not get that impression in this case ) . ( note : the following is probably not true ) the only thing an app can do ( on a rooted phone ) is to recalibrate the battery . if the battery is miscalibrated the os might think that it is as good as empty and force a shutdown although there is still a useful amount of charge left . one app that does this is the aptly named battery calibration .
as manishearth wrote , this might indicate trouble with the card ( and very likely does ) . the boot you describe might have been " too abrupt " , not cleanly unmounting the card and thus corrupting its file system ; in which case the " good ol ' chkdsk" should help ( btw , android ships with fsck for the very same task , which you could execute via a terminal app or adb shell – see check and fix sd card errors within android itself ? ) . on the other hand , it could also mean hardware trouble with the card , which even could be the reason for those reboots , reversing cause and effect : not being able to read/write , or encountering too many " corrupt blocks " , might have triggered some event ( like re-mounting the card read/only ) . i am not sure whether such would trigger a reboot ( as stuff counted essential by the system usually does not reside on the sdcard ) , but it would not be impossible . thus trying a new card will not hurt . ps – a little background on app2sd : as shipped with android 2.2+ , this only moves parts of the app to your card , while other parts remain on internal storage . especially the app 's data remain here ( in /data ) , which is why after a re-installation of your apps they were already ( or rather " still" ) available . for more details , you might wish to take a look at our app2sd tag-wiki .
there are two levels of technical reason why this would not work . not all mobile phones allow the software to control the audio that gets sent over a voice call : the microphone feeds directly into the cell radio . this is the same reason that apps to record calls or play sound over calls do not work on every phone . gsm lossily compresses the sound signal using methods that are specifically designed to work with voice . if you were to try to send arbitrary data ( such as an encrypted signal ) over gsm , it would come out garbled at the other end . if you want to make a phone call that your carrier can not eavesdrop , there are apps available to do this , but they work over wireless internet , not over gsm ( i.e. . they use data not voice ) .
the samsung rom does not have the stock aosp dialer and contacts app . it has touchwiz themed dialer and contacts app . this is one of the most glitchy and slowest of dialer apps out there . try the swipe dialer if you care to . it has good reviews and seems to be working fine across the board . another option will be to port aosp dialer as in cyanogenmod . this is advanced stuff and you will need knowledge of adb . try it out if you want . the easiest way out is to flash a custom rom . try cyanogenmod , aokp , paranoid android , etc . there are several others too . try xda developers forums for more in depth info .
the discussion you have been reading is about compiling a modified kernel and a custom rom for the galaxy s4 , using a replacement wireless driver that is been changed to add support for ad-hoc wi-fi networks . the path /driver/net/wireless is a path in the kernel source tree , which contains the source code for the driver that needs to be changed before compiling the new kernel . it does not refer to any path on the device itself , or anything else you can change on the device .
in order to assign a drive letter to a removable device , that device must support ums ( usb mass storage ) protocol . unfortunately most newer android phones , especially those without a removable sd card , do not support ums . instead , they support mtp ( media transfer protocol ) and ptp ( picture transfer protocol ) protocols . in such devices it is not possible to map storage as a drive in windows . see more details on this superuser . com question . with that said , on some selected samsung and sony android devices it is possible to enable the ums mode for external storage only ( sd card ) . see this app . also , if your goal to simply copy files to and from an android device via command prompt , adb will allow you to do so . this utility is part of android sdk tools . you will need usb drivers for your android phone to be installed , usb debugging activated in developer settings on the phone , and authorize the pc to debug the phone ( via a prompt on the device . ) after that is done , you will be able to use adb push and adb pull commands to copy files and directories , and various linux shell commands via adb shell &lt;command&gt; ( e . g . adb shell ls /sdcard/ ) to navigate the directory structure on the phone .
there is nothing ( at present ) that can do all that siri does . depending on your needs you might be able to get close . lifehacker had an article about your current alternatives : how to get a siri-like personal assistant on your android phone for free to summarize : you will need one of the following ( or a combination ) : google voice actions for android vlingo edwin speaktoit assistant update : terryk2 points out iris , currently in alpha testing , which is by the developers ' own admission a direct response to siri .
you can only delete specific visited pages while going through the complete browser 's history . i asked because you can not actually delete any visit while they are filtered out by a search query . i think this should be allowed as a feature because if you had a big history you would need to spend an unimaginable amount of time to delete a very old entry while browsing it completely .
everything i have seen suggests you can only do it if your phone is rooted . here 's a tutorial for those with rooted phones .
your best source probably is nexus s : all things root guide -- which is a compilation/collection of several guides . here you can probably pick your minimalist solution as well as go for the " big thing " . in case you need some addional sources ( easily to find with a simple google search , by the way , as that is what i just did ) : root and recovery for the nexus s : quite decent , looks really easy : only a few steps involved . guide to root nexus s : a detailed guide nexus s : full update guide : full guide from root up to cyanogenmod customrom " nexus s " rooting guide : google search which turned all the above up on its first result page ; ) and probably has many more on the following pages . . . do not get me wrong : i am not saying you did not search ( your question clearly indicates you did ) . i put this just for reference by other interested readers here , who might need more details .
you are completely right with your assumption : whenever an app is installed , it is first copied to /data/local . you can check that directory if either you have got a file manager permitting you to go there , or have the android sdk installed . no root needed , as this directory is readable and writable for the shell user . but to your last question : no , i am not aware of any mechanism to control that delay ( never saw a corresponding setting ) . if it can be configured ( and is not hardcoded in some place ) , this will most likely involve root privileges .
it is a security concern . the android documentation does not provide a lot of elaboration , stating simply : the procedure must be confirmed on-screen , and deletes the user data for privacy reasons . however , the privacy concern is relatively straightforward to extrapolate . once the bootloader is unlocked , the device can be flashed with unsigned images . this means that it is relatively trivial to root the device , and there are actually multiple ways it can be done , such as : flashing a system image with root tools built in flashing a boot image that runs adbd with root by default ( an " unsecure " image ) flashing a recovery image , then using that to overwrite the system or boot partitions with ones that allow root access once root is obtained , all of the information on /data essentially becomes accessible . this could be emails , contact information , or many other pieces of personal information that you likely do not want in the wrong hands . therefore , it makes sense to wipe all of this data during the unlocking procedure to ensure that there is no off-the-shelf " official " way of bypassing the sandboxing restrictions implemented by the android operating system , which would thereby allow someone to steal personal data . of course , there may be ways to root without wiping on some devices , but they rely on exploits rather than official methods like a bootloader unlock , meaning they are basically bugs .
in the absence of a definitive answer i did a lot of experimentation . firstly , if you have http intensive apps this version android ( 2.2 ) , will not change connectivity until the operation is complete . switch to airplane mode . you can still connect to your router but app traffic is suspended . you shield get a connection at this point . deactivated airplane mode and you should be running on your router . if anyone can nominate tools that can help track http app activity on android , please post .
this is apparently not possible with android 2.2 on motorola droid .
according to a few reports floating around the web , including this one from bgr this is a known software bug which google is working to correct . i get them on my gn occasionally as well and in my experience it is 100% random , so i do not think there is anything we can do to avoid them .
no . a system app has to be either installed by root or signed with the same key that signed the rom image .
this might have something to do with a feature of mms called content adaptation . your operator 's mmsc ( multimedia messaging service center ) determines if the data sent is in a format supported by your handset , and if not , transcodes it into another format . this can cause some problems between different devices and operators . for example , my android receives single images from other android phones as 10 second videos where 1st half is the image and 2nd half is the message . at least here in finland , the behaviour i described is pretty standard and has happened since the days mms was made available and people are used to it ( as far as i know ) . do not know about at and t , but i would suspect there will not be any changes in the near future .
unfortunately , if you were running sdk 1.6 or later you could just update without installing a new sdk . but for 1.5 you need to install a new sdk . per this link from google http://developer.android.com/sdk/installing.html ( see quoted text below ) . . . how ever , you can backup your projects and move them into the new sdk environment . so it looks like all may not be lost . just read that link above pretty thoroughly . updating ? if you are currently using the android 1.6 sdk or later and want to update to the latest tools or platforms , you do not need to install a new sdk . instead , you can simply update the individual components in your sdk using the android sdk and avd manager tool . for information about how to do that , see updating sdk components if you are using android 1.5 sdk or earlier , you should install a new sdk as described in this document and move your application projects to the new sdk environment .
" press 1 to accept the call " sounds like google voice 's call screening . check your gv call settings to ensure that call screening is not on at all . ( you can individually turn it off for certain people or groups , but the main setting would need to be " on " . ) more on call screening at google voice support .
aha , found them ! /emmc/DCIM then most of them are in the 100MEDIA sub directory .
here is a video tutorial on how to get it setup . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-6woh20ulli explanation of video this requires the xposed framework ( http://goo.gl/nnwz9 ) and the google now api for it ( http://goo.gl/5pf3jg ) . you will need to be rooted to install the xposed framework . first you need to do this : 1 . open google now api 2 . click plugin ( example autovoice ) 3 . check " enable " for google now integration in tasker you will need to setup something similar to task for task : 1 . create a new action 2 . create ' if ' ( for action category ) 3 . for condition select ( or type if you cant find ) avsource 4 . make sure condition is set to matches 5 . type in googlenow for what the condition matches 6 . create whatever action you want for the if ( need to be familiar with tasker ) 7 . create ' end if '
i think i already posted this in another answer -- but i do not remember where . as i think it where different details that time ( more a general " what consumes most" ) , here some details from a reference motorola droid . data taken from a german article named energiesparplan ( heise is a very famous technology publisher in germany ; google translate version here ) : guess this definitly answers the question . though the values may vary between devices , relations should roughly match .
there is an app for this . you can use it to install flash player on a jelly bean device . you can also try installing flash player and then upgrading the device to jelly bean .
i think that appbrain lists all apps irrespective of the phone you are using to browse it , whereas the market seems to filter apps to show only ones that are supported by your phone or version of android ( not sure which , but seems most likely version of android ) . since wildfire is still on 2.1 i guess the apps you are trying to install are 2.2+ . as far as i am concerned this makes appbrain pretty useless for the wildfire .
if your device is rooted , you might want to take a look at titanium backup , which has built-in support for dropbox , box and google drive . as for your " special folder " , i would say you will probably like ftpsyncx -- which allows you automatically sync with dropbox as well as with your local pc via ssh , ftp , and others . the latter can happen automatically all xx minutes when your wifi is in reach , or when any wifi is in reach , or generally . . . and the app is well supported . alternatively , there is foldersync , additionally offering support for skydrive , sugarsync , ubuntu one , box .net, livedrive , google drive , google docs , hidrive , netdocuments , amazon s3 and webdav . ftpsyncx : foldersync :
this is due to 2 things : the file does not have execute permissions [ and ] the file cannot gain executable permissions as it is on the sd card . the sd card 's filesystem can accept file permissions , however it is mounted with the noexec flag , as stated in a comment . this stops files being executed . solution : copy the net-snmp-5.7.2 directory to the /data/local/tmp directory as root . set the configure file to be executable by running chmod 0777 /data/local/tmp/net-snmp-5.7.2/configure as root . you should now be able to execute the configure script by typing /data/local/tmp/net-snmp-5.7.2/configure and pressing enter . note this should all be done as the root user : )
according to the section 3 of the google play terms of service you consent to automatic updates : updates . you may need to install updates to google play or related google software that we introduce from time to time to use google play and to access or download products . products originating from google may communicate with google servers from time to time to check for available updates to the products and to the functionality of google play , such as bug fixes , patches , enhanced functions , missing plug-ins and new versions ( collectively , " updates" ) . by using the google play store and installing these products , you agree to such automatically requested and received updates . *bolding added for emphasis .
if you update via android 's over-the-air ( ota ) update , you will lose root . you will need to re-root again if you want root access ,
the easiest way is to install the official last . fm app , this will scrobble tracks played by the default android music player , as well as from many 3rd party audio players , like winamp . it does not work with some manufacturer customized music player apps ( for instance , samsung have modified the music player app on the galaxy s 's and scrobbling does not work from there ) . i use winamp to play my music on my phone , and that happily scrobbles via the last . fm app .
did you wait some time after the power cord was pluged in ? it is normal that this takes some time to show the charging screen if the battery is not charged at all . for a full factory reset ( that is the most reset that can be done by the galaxy s ) , you want to boot into recovery mode by powering off the device , and then booting it by holding down the volume up + home + power keys . a menu should appear that offers the " factory reset " option .
.apk files are downloaded and stored in subfolders under a location on your device called /data . by default you do not have permissions to read from that location . in order to read/write in that location you will need to have rooted your device .
the easiest method is probably to install a uk rom . if you do not want to root or use a custom rom , you can probably find a stock one . i recommend searching xda .
updating via kies eventually worked . the trick to getting kies to connect to the device is to turn off usb debugging on the device .
you can not change this . in android , the app can tell the keyboard ( or input method ) what extra actions to show ( such as send ) . the app can also specify that the text field can only hold single-line text , as in this case . what you could do is switch to a different keyboard app . you might be able to find one that puts the action in a different place ( not in place of the enter key ) that is harder to press by accident , or that completely ignores the action that is hinted by the app .
the solution for your issue can be found on the app 's help page . as i already guessed , you need to install a barcode reader app . but not just " any " , ist has to be a specific one . and moreover , even my guess for zxing reader was absolutely correct – if you take a closer look at the screenshot taken from that place : screenshot from the google authenticator help page ( click image for original size ) btw : the name " zxing " stands for zebra crossing , but i doubt it can decode the zebra 's natural barcodes : ) as it reportedly works as well in this context , i recommend using qr droid if you want to use the qr reader for additional tasks as well . qr droid has a much nicer interface , offers additional features , and gives you much more flexibility .
if you are familiar with the concepts of read and write permissions on various pc platforms , that is pretty much the same as what is going on here . you are giving the application write access to your " external storage " which could be an sd card , or some storage space that comes with your device . that permission indicates that the application is able to create , modify , or delete any files that reside on the sd card ( or the non-removable storage space that the the os treats most like an sd card ) . so it could download a file from online and manually save it to your sd card . it could generate its own image , text , audio etc . . file and save it to your sd card . it could delete any file on your sd card . it could find a file that already exists on your sd ( even one with nothing to do with the app ) and make changes to it .
i see 3 solutions for you : you can use quickshortcutmaker ( or any similar ) application to add launcher to any installed application ( or android activity ) . not sure if it helps , but you can check your launcher 's settings . there should be item " hidden applications " ( or similar ) . install and use another launcher .
i have seen a number of people report that the wlan test dialer code will allow the driver to reload properly ( example ) . i believe it is *#*#526#*#* on many samsung phones , but this post indicates that it may also be *#*#528#*#* or *#*#232339#*#* . this may not work on all devices , since manufacturers tend to include/remove different dialer codes almost at a whim . if you are unfamiliar with dialer codes , simply open your dial pad and enter the sequence as though you were attempting to dial the number *#*#526#*#* . your phone should then jump to the wlan test facility .
you might be interested in assisted gps assistance falls into two categories : information used to more quickly acquire satellites it can supply orbital data or almanac for the gps satellites to the gps receiver , enabling the gps receiver to lock to the satellites more rapidly in some cases . the network can provide precise time . the device captures a snapshot of the gps signal , with approximate time , for the server to later process into a position . accurate , surveyed coordinates for the cell site towers allow better knowledge of local ionospheric conditions and other conditions affecting the gps signal than the gps receiver alone , enabling more precise calculation of position . ( see also wide area augmentation system and cellhunter . ) calculation of position by the server using information from the gps receiver the assistance server has a good satellite signal , and plentiful computation power , so it can compare fragmentary signals relayed to it by gps receivers , with the satellite signal it receives directly , and then inform the gps receiver or emergency services of the gps receiver 's position . many mobile phones combine a-gps and other location services including wi-fi positioning system and cell-site triangulation and sometimes a hybrid positioning system . [ 4 ]
so what ' access denied ' in this case is you do not have the correct permissions to execute the file . this can be solved 2 different ways : use the sudo command ( super user can run any file ) sudo myprogram -options param1 param2 param . . . use chmod o+x filename to let anyone execute the file so basically you need a rooted device to be able to run that file , unless you change the permissions of the file before you transfer it to the device . you can use the chmod command to add the execute permission to the file before you hand it off to the device . this way anyone can execute the file . be warned , adding the execute permission for everyone is a security hole if the program can be used to change the file system in any way . rooting your tablet in this case might actually be safer .
it is impossible to pin-point such app without closer information . but there are several helpers available to narrow down the list of candidates . easiest way is if your device is rooted and running android &lt ; 4.1 ( i.e. . up to 4.0 . x ) . in this case take a look at lbe privacy guard : set gps to " always ask " for all apps and see which one is touching it . lbe would then pop-up a dialog box and ask you to confirm/deny , optionally also to remember this decision . for all legitimate candidates , simply confirm and let it remember ; for unwanted candidates reject and remember . if unsure , just do not let it remember . along these lines , your candidate should reveal its presence . with android 4.1+ , do not even try to install that app ( your device would be locked into a boot-loop ) . instead , head to xda , where they have localized versions of its companion ( e . g in this thread ) . it is quite bloated , but might help in your case . your device is not rooted this makes it a little more tricky . no fancy popups helping you out here ( to my knowledge ) . but you could use a permission scanner to narrow down the list of candidates . one possible candidate would be appbrain ad detector – with the side-effect to also detect apps with dangerous ad modules in installed apps ( spyware and the like ) : in the first example screenshot ( just click the image for a larger variant ) you can see " may share your location " listed in " concerns " . which means the app displayed uses location and network . to not have to open each app separately : the second screenshot shows you can list apps by permission . alternative helpful candidates include guardian droid and permission explorer : with some luck , your investigation leaves you with only a few candiates ( with great luck it is just one , and you have found the culprit ) . now you can see if you can ( temporarily ) disable those , and whether the problem is gone this way . if so , enable them one-by-one until the problem re-appears – which is after you have re-enabled the app you are looking for . postscriptum above described steps can similarly be applied to other permissions as well : )
no , you cannot see that . there is no such thing , all you can do is just track the activity of your app and see where it is most used . that is all .
to consolidate comments : i have found a fantastic guide to android partitions and basics here via wiw 's xda post . /data is all your personal settings , messages , and information , while /data/data is specifically for your apps ' private data . my guess is that wiping /cache as described above does not wipe /data or its child directories ( otherwise you would've lost all your apps and settings ) . i do not believe i have ever run against the particular error you are seeing - when mine has trouble i just get tons of force closes :-/ . however , my app settings screen shows me what must be the /data usage ( never close to full , numbers match /data size reported by diskusage ) even though my apps are actually constrained by the much smaller /data/data ( where i run out of room often ) . i think it is giving you an error because of /data/data but showing you details from /data instead . that is confusing as hell . my dinc 's /data is 748 mb and my /data/data is 149 mb . sounds like that should be the same for yours ( and others' ) . until you give in to the dark side and root your incredible ( and are then able to see specific usage ) you will want to keep things below 149 mb ( ish ) . fwiw , my biggest disk-hogs are facebook and dolphin browser .
correct answer was pointed to in the comments by rossc . thanks ! i am writing my own here since it is been a while and he did not write a proper answer i could have selected ( ! ) . i did a bit more research to expand on what he found , while also clarifying the original issue which was partly picnic . . . rossc wrote : according to here it may only be in the us and depend on what version you have . reddit.com/r/android/comments/14r6m7/… apparently the ' clock ' icon will do it reddit.com/r/android/comments/1p7d0w but i do not have that on mine . . . so the second link above gives the answer : on the device one cannot access the music search history from anywhere but thru the widget 's " clock " icon . since i only had the widget placed in the lockscreen so i did not see the icon while i was actually actively using my phone ( unlocked ) to look for its history . i can only access the history from the lockscreen widget , that is unless of course i put the widget on one of my panels , which is unnecessary since google now can also do music search ( just say " what is the song " or similar ) . apparently the music search is also unavailable in some countries , so ymmv . also , i found out here you can also access your sound search history on your desktop/laptop by logging into your google account and going to this hidden ( ? ) " auto-playlist " link ( i could not find anywhere in play music site ui ) : https://play.google.com/music/listen#/ap/sound-search hope this clears a few mysteries regarding sound searches and its widget .
that is a pretty well known " feature " . do not worry , your data is backed up there – it only does not restore . and you cannot even really delete it there . so in some way , it is " safe " . . . things you might want to look up in this context : what exactly is synced with google ? underlines what i have said before , and also shows you ways to check what is " synced " google backup : multiple devices using the same account - what happens on restore ? plenty of details on how that " google cloud backup " works ( and sometimes fails ) what info does google backup ? well , the title says it all : ) issue 17354: " automatic restore " rarely works , and then only partially what i already indicated above , and most likely the answer to your current issue . note that this ticket was opened in june , 2011 – and still has the status " new " . one of the comments also includes a possible work-around : here 's what i did that worked . i factory reset the device ( again ) , and then at the very first screen ( where you choose the language ) , i turn it off . i put in a difference sim card , turn it on and then proceed with the normal setup . this worked for my nexus 4 . heise on undeletable wifi passwords ( german ) if you do not believe me about " undeletable backups " , this is my reference . the article is in german , and the publisher ( heise verlag ) is one of the most famous and most trusted sources here in germany , concerning it topics . there are many many more references i could give , but that would be a bit much for here . so a last hint : check the " linked " and " related " question links on the ase q and as i have linked here .
if you are talking about a nandroid backup : yes , it would . it creates images from the devices file systems -- so all that is stored there gets copied to those image files . you can then even extract single items using e.g. titanium backup .
short answer : no . long answer : adb install is a " shortcut " that is equivalent to open a shell ( using adb shell ) and type pm install . pmstand for package-manager and his behaviour is the same as other package manager in other linux distributions ( like aptitude in debian or pacmanin arch linux ) except that pm does not fetch package from a distant location . the play store is an application like others , and we can not call android applications like we call a program like a c or " normal " java program , because the .apk file is not actually a binary , but a simply zipped package . it is the dalvik virtual machine ( sort of equivalent to the java vm ) that deals with running applications . the play store application simply download the application you want and then run pm install on the package downloaded .
tasker allows you to customize the app icon because some users like to have a consistent theme across their home screen . google has also suggested that apps default to a black and white default icon , while some users prefer the older color icons . many apps allow this icon customization . tasker also allows icons to be chosen for various other purposes , like notifications . tasker has implemented an " icon chooser " to make this work . it simply reuses the icon chooser for the tasker app itself . there is no ulterior motive . this is similar to any desktop os . when you can set the icon for a shortcut , for example , you can use any icon on the system , not just the ones that shipped with the app .
it all very much depends on the " startup manager " used , and whether your device is rooted . as dotvezz answer assumes , there are some just de-activating the corresponding " listeners " ( apps can be notified on events , and thus get started when they appear – the most famous event being boot_completed ; but there are many more , like network changed , sdcard mounted , battery low . . . if you are interested in details , see e.g. what is the difference between a service and a broadcast receiver ? ) . however , doing that requires " root powers " . thus " startup managers " working without " root powers " basically do nothing other than task mangers : killing the app once it started on a given event . they also in most cases stick to the boot_completed event , and do not care about others . then there are those managers supporting both modi . best one most likely is autorun manager , my favorite i used for quite a while . now your question is specifically about startup manager . as you can see in its app description , and like i have written above , this app just cares for the boot_completed event : it does disable/enable startup items from system boot . its permissions do not include SUPERUSER ( aka root ) , so it cannot modify receivers/listeners . so it most likely just " kills " the apps when they start . prove on that you again can find in the app 's description : note : for android 2.2 and higher os non-rooted devices , some processes will restart themselves right after being disabled . they would not do so if they were really disabled . but many apps do so when being killed . autorun manager , which i have mentioned before , supports both modi : if used in " basic mode " ( which does not require root ) , it kills configured apps on start . in " advanced mode " ( requires root ) it " silences " their listeners , so they never receive the event broadcast and thus do not automatically start .
one of the restrictions introduced with 4.4-kitkat was moving the WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE permission to protection-level " signatureorsystem " , which means even if requested , a " normal app " ( i.e. . one you install yourself as " normal user " without any root specialities ) will no longer get it granted . so there are very few things you can do to " work around " this : obviously : rooting the device , and removing this limit using the app 's " personal " directory as storage for your sync'd files ( i.e. . &lt;sdcard&gt;/Android/&lt;package_name&gt; , as this is the only place an app can write on sd with kitkat ) using your internal-sd card as storage ( as here the limitation does not apply )
simple spreadsheet is freeware and lists import/export of csv as a feature . shead spreet lite also has similar features . in the non-freeware category , see csv viewer and androffice
if your remote pc has linux , you could do it through scp command . see here an explication of the command . you could run this command from a terminal emulator like this one . short example : scp -r path/to/folder user@remote-PC:/path/to/where/to/save/the/files scp path/to/file user@remote-PC:/path/to/remote/location/where/to/save/file * -r option means recursively copy entire folder . if your remote pc has windows , take a look at pscp . another way is to install es file explorer file manager . * select the local files you wish to transfer ( actions -> copy ) * in lan section access a folder from your remote pc and paste ( actions -> paste ) the selected files . * the folder from remote pc has to be shared with write permission .
cat /proc/filesystems is the typical linux/unix way of determining this . it works fine on cyanogenmod , but i am not sure about other roms . if you want to filter out all of the other supported filesystems you could grep the output , too ( assuming you have got grep , of course ) : # cat /proc/filesystems | grep 'ext*' ext2 ext3 ext4 # 
most likely the app has chosen not to show them for that particular input box . from a technical perspective , this is controlled by flags on the TextView object that represents the text area control ( e . g . the TYPE_TEXT_FLAG_NO_SUGGESTIONS option ) . i do not believe there is any way to override this setting if the app chooses to disable it . it is probably also important to note that it is a bit of a one-way street . suggestions are enabled by default on all text areas , but will obey the global setting , so an app can not forcibly enable suggestions in any way . if you have the global setting turned off , they are off everywhere . the logic that the developer documentation provides for allowing apps to forcibly disable suggestions is that in some cases they simply are not very useful . the specific relevant quote would be ( from the above link ) : . . . this is useful for text views that do not contain words from the language and do not benefit from any dictionary-based completions or corrections . . . i would wager the market disables them because app names and such have no obligation to be dictionary words , so suggestion attempts would often prove rather futile . i would also understand the same being true of your second example , which sounds like a source code editor ( i assume that is what you mean by " syntax highlighting" ) . it would be sort of akin to visual studio underlining misspelt words in source code - it provides no benefit since most of the text will not be dictionary words .
you can add the power control widget to the home screen to control those functions . open the app drawer , find the power control widget , long press and drag it to the home screen . there are also many widgets in the market that offer expanded functionality when compared to the stock widget .
uhhh . . . i get google+ notifications all of the time . check : Settings | Apps | Google+ | Show Notifications is checked in the google+ app , Overflow menu (three vertical dots) | Settings | Notifications is on . tap that entry and choose which types of notifications to get . i see posts and mentions mentions shares comments comments on a post after i commented circle subscriptions circles adds me photos tags me comments on a photo i am tagged in comments on a photo i tagged photos added from instant upload events invitations or updates to events reminders about events i am invited to activity on events i created communities invites me to a community
izzy’s answer is misleading . two unrelated things were mixed up ( the vendor id list in adb on one side and the permission setup in linux on the other side ) . 1 ) devices considered by adb : adb has a hard-coded list of usb vendor ids it tries . e.g. htc mobile phones use 0xbb4 , which is listed ( source file usb_vendors . c ) , while 0x2207 is not . the only way to add to this list ( without patching the source ) is to put vendor ids in the file $HOME/.android/adb_usb.ini , line by line . ( home is set up right ? ) no special cable is needed . 2 ) permission setup for non-root access : the udev-fiddling is to give user-access to e.g. /dev/bus/usb/002/009 ( bus number/device number change ; see lsusb for current values ) . the details of this are not relevant to the original poster’s question , as he ran adb as root .
i think the best you can do at this point is to use the " featured tablet apps " page in the market ( this may be region-limited , it seems ) . the web version seems to have more apps listed than the tablet section on honeycomb 's market app . you could also log into the market website and filter searches based on whether or not the apps are compatible with your device ( the xoom , in this case ) , but the fact that they are compatible does not mean they are " optimized " for tablet so i suppose that is not quite the same . for games you could also install nvidia 's tegra zone app , but it is technically just designed for anything optimized for tegra chips ( so the atrix would be included but is not a tablet form factor ) . most of the games seem to be made with larger devices in mind , though .
would color filter service fit your needs ? there is a half-screen demo available in the market that you can try out as well . you can tweak the rgb values of the filter however you want , so if you want a red filter just crank up the red slider and do not adjust the g/b values .
wifi pppoe by cnddu is an app that allows you to make a pppoe connection from your phone over a wireless connection : . . . main purpose is for user to make pppoe connection via wifi , e.g. dialing through adsl modem with user name and password provided by some internet isps . this app makes the android devices be able to connect to internet directly via pppoe dialing through wifi , and no need for another wifi router any more . note that a rooted phone with busybox installed is required to use this app . there are also a number of other similar apps available in the play store now , some free , some not . they all currently seem to require a rooted phone . ( answer rescued from deletions )
yes , you can move any apps that do not normally allow it , including system apps , if you have root . note that most apps that does not allow moving usually do not allow it for a good reason , so if you force move you may get crashes and other stability issues . you need an app2sd application that uses root , like this : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.droidsail.dsapp2sd
media scanner scans both sd card as well as usb storage , but not rom and system storage . means , it scans from /sdcard/ and /sdcard/external_sd/ mount points . it goes deep inside all non-hidden sub-directories , unless .nomedia file is detected . media scanner skips rom and system storage because both require root permission to write anything there . and , its very unlikely for an end-user to store music , photo there .
i ended up getting the digital to analog converter off amazon . i tried the suggestion of onik but galaxy nexus has different 3.5mm jack than other galaxy phones . i even tried my old htc incredible video out cable that goes through a modified microusb but i did not fit the galaxy nexus microusb port . there was no solution , that i could find , for an analog video other than the digital to analog converter . i installed it today and it works perfectly so i my phone mirrors to my head units display without a hitch . the only trouble i ran into was powering the ac powered unit . i already had a dc to ac converter so i just plugged the ac power of the video converter box in to the power converter box and hit it away in my glove box ( many conversions , haha . ) it looks seamless until you open the glove box .
the third table in this page mentions " vibrate": https://motorola-global-portal.custhelp.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/48504/~/droid-x---phone-status-%26-notifications even though the first table clearly depicts a different icon for the vibration mode , although with the same zigzag pattern . the pattern is also the same as the icon i have for vibration mode on my sgs : cheers !
if you only need the backtick for when you are entering code on stackexchange sites , then there is actually no reason to type the character . any time you are in a question or answer box , there is a set of icons just above the box , pressing the 101 010 button puts a pair of matching backticks into the text box at the current cursor location , with some replacable text in between , now just type over that text with swype ( or paste over ) . works perfectly on my galaxy s with swype enabled . edit for more recent versions of swype , see miquelfire 's answer where the backtick is now available as an extended character on the .' key beside the space bar .
i would say all videos players , but in doubt i tested : aosp gallery : works . the new " photos " app that comes with google+ : works . mx player ( free ) : works .
astrid has support for scheduled reminders based on completion date . cloud support is also present - tasks sync with astrid . com also remember the milk allows a user to schedule due dates depending on the completion of a task - one needs to enter " after x days " instead of " every x days " . android and ios apps available .
when i wanted to do this , i found the available apps sorely lacking , so i wrote a home screen widget which can do this . the image can be a static one , or you can refresh it from the internet periodically ( e . g . from an rss feed ) . you can set it to open a website when clicked , or launch an app of your choice ( amongst other things ) . the app is called showr , and it is a free download from google play . ( there is a " pro " version with more options . )
from the developer page , background data is used for " an application that uses the network in the background . " for example , a quick search tells me the market requires this to be turned on . keeping background data set to on is what enables you to keep data from gmail , weather , facebook , twitter , etc . up to date without having to manually refresh/sync each of them . also realize that battery usage increases with each app or account that is utilizing background data . i notice twitter has several time increments to choose from in terms of synchronization rate - this helps balance between having the latest data and preserving battery . hope it helps .
thank god i figured out how to fix it . the problem was that i was using software that was meant to root a first gen nexus 7 , and i had the second gen ( 2013 ) version . whoops . in order to fix it , i downloaded the unroot/stock toolkit from http://www.androidrootz.com/2013/08/nexus-7-one-click-toolkit-for-mac-2013.html and then downloaded the factory images for the nexus 7 2013 from google 's site , https://developers.google.com/android/nexus/images#razor i then used the unroot/stock toolkit to reload the bootloader and factory image . after this , my nexus worked fine . i was still able to root , but this time i made sure to use the correct software to do so .
a very flexible solution for this issue is offered by foldersync : this app not only allows you to specify which local folders should be synchronized with which remote ones , but also supports a ton of different services , including dropbox , ftp/sftp/ftps , google drive/docs , webdav , ubuntu one , and a bunch of others . i use it myself for dropbox and sftp , and am very satisfied ( switched to the payed version quite soon after having tried it ) .
this is due to a limitation of gmail more than anything . gmail only supports contact icons with a resolution of 64×64 , while ics supports up to 256×256 . when you give a contact an icon , android uploads that new contact icon to gmail . . . which then promptly downscales it . . . . and then android thinks you changed it to the low-res icon and uses that instead of the nice and pretty one you picked out .
yes , background data is always enabled since ice cream sandwich . see the note in the documentation for android.net.ConnectivityManager.getBackgroundDataSetting(): as of ICE_CREAM_SANDWICH , availability of background data depends on several combined factors , and this method will always return true . instead , when background data is unavailable , getActiveNetworkInfo() will now appear disconnected . vending ( the internal name for the android market , in fact com.android.vending ) uses C2DM to receive install requests ( take a look at its application manifest ; even on ics , it still has c2dm receivers ) . afaik , c2dm only works when background data is available . some time ago , i read a blog post somewhere ( which unfortunately i am not finding right now ) explaining how the android market ( the post was from before it was renamed ) worked . iirc , even when you asked to install an application directly on your device ( instead of indirectly via the https://market.android.com/ web site ) , all it did was to send a request to the google servers , which then sent your device ( via c2dm ) an install request . this explains why vending needs background data&mdash ; it cannot do anything without being able to receive requests via c2dm from the google servers . i do not know about google talk , but from what i have heard , it has used c2dm since before c2dm was available to the public . again , this would explain why it needs background data to work . afaik , background sync is completely separate from background data , other than the fact that obviously it cannot sync in the background if background data is disabled , and the fact that you could change it from within the sync screen in the settings application .
newly installed third-party keyboards need to be enabled in your settings before they become selectable . make sure you have it checked under Settings-&gt;Language &amp; Keyboard after installing .
uninstalling all play store ( market ) app updates fixed it for me . go to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage Applications and uninstall the updates from the play store app . this will leave you with an older version of the app , which is probably named " market " . then you should be able to install or update apps . after a while the play store update will be installed once again , but you still will be able to install or update apps .
yes , you will have to manually switch to home profile when you come back home . its what you can find in classic mobile phones . if you want to automate it , there're plenty of apps for that : tasker + profile4tasker ( paid ) , automateit ( free ) , llama ( free ) , locale + profile4tasker ( paid )
mtp is the better option in most cases , since the protocol is actually designed for this use . ptp is offered as an alternative since macs do not understand mtp by default ( you need to install " android file transfer " on the mac to make mtp work ) . this protocol was designed for pcs to access photos from digital cameras , so it can only access the photos on the phone , and it might trigger a photo management app on the pc instead of a file manager . to learn more about why mtp was introduced , see my answer to why is android file transfer necessary ?
you can do this via wifi , using a remote management app like e.g. airdroid or , when on windows , myphoneexplorer . there are a lot more apps like this , and they give you the added benefit of being able to manage a lot of other things remotely -- as e.g. reading/writing sms , managing apps/contacts/ringtones , copying files between your device and your computer , and sometimes even backup stuff . most of them ( like the mentioned airdroid 1 ) start a web service on your device , which you then can access with your browser . this often looks like a " virtual pc " ( see screenshot below ) . others ( like here myphoneexplorer 2 ) have a native pc-client , which can even do more ( like here : synchronizing with outlook and others ) . airdroid managing pictures myphoneexplorer windows client
a quick solution : just copy them in dcim ( to use gallery as a source ) or store them in picasa . it'll allow you to get them from another handset if you want : ) edit ( thanks to matt ) : you can put the file in any folder of your fs , and android will find it and suggest it as a wallpaper .
you need a launcher app to do such things . try using launchers available on playstore , like nova launcher . launcher will give you access to hiding notification bar , configuring desktop grid , playing around with doc and so on .
yes you can do this . for this , i am assuming you are using the stock google keyboard . open settings and tap on language and input . tap on the settings icon next to google keyboard . tap input languages at the top . deselect " use system language " and then select any keyboard languages you wish to use . now in the keyboard , the space bar will display the current selected language . to change to one of the other active languages , press and hold the space bar and select the language you wish to use .
in adb shell or terminal emulator ( and most likely over ssh ) you can use the pm utility to install apps . the command is : pm install /sdcard/app1 . apk the following are the switches of pm: for example , you can force the app to install directly to the external storage ( froyo/gingerbread style . ) p.s. the wget utility should be available via busybox on cm7 . if not , you can always install it via android market .
the asus eee pad transformer uses a usb 3.0 cable . i have seen noises elsewhere on the ' net that it will only charge on a usb 3.0 socket . this is likely associated with the extra power only available on usb 3.0 .
as i have just discovered , the latest cyanogenmod 10 nightlies have this feature . unfortunately it does not ever display an on-screen menu key . as a workaround , i mapped long-press of the menu key to its old function .
there is an option to minimize the unlock section by default in the lock screen section of the settings app . maximize widgets show widgets maximized and the unlock minimized when the screen is turned on .
it is totally possible , and there are a lot of remote touchmouse apps available on the android market . just search remote mouse , touch mouse , etc . that being said , i think that will be even nicer is to have an app that uses the orientation of the device as the cursor position , i.e. it works like a real laser pointer . ( that i have not seen yet and i am coding one . )
after posting the question here , i contacted all the different developers of google reader apps on the android market that i could find . so far only one developer has answered whose app does exactly what i am looking for , but 1 is good enough ! https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.droidlab7.reader.pro i have tried it out on a gawker media rss feed ( deadspin ) and cbc sports news , works perfectly and fetches the full article , no more annoying browser pop up ! in the top right corner there is a button that executes the " mobilizing " functionality , which is the scrape that i was looking for . if/when i hear back from other developers i will post it up more links .
try following these instructions : 1 ) open the command prompt and navigate to your sdk/platform-tools/ folder . 2 ) type adb tcpip 5555 with your device plugged in 3 ) type adb connect &lt;your device ip address&gt;:5555 4 ) at this point you unplug your device and type adb logcat 5 ) at times , such as unplugging/plugging into a usb device , the logcat will become disconnected , just redo steps 3 and 4 . from my answer here .
might help to look into @izzy 's solution involving tasker . a tweak is needed : instead of detecting a gsm/cdma signal , check if a wifi network is present nearby switch to/enable airplane mode and enable wifi and connect appropriately ( this part am uncertain about - if its an open public wifi point , good ( its bad but another story about open wifi 's ) what if it is a private wifi network and need to input the key ? tasker might be able to help you with that , unsure ! if moving away from network point , switch off/disable wifi and disable the airplane mode . having a look here at this wiki titled " turn on wifi at home " entry might also help you as well , to quote , in case of link rot : my route to and from work is populated by open networks from cable providers that require log-in via webpages and unsecured home networks . whenever i pass them my phone tries to connect , disconnecting me from 3g . leaving wifi on all the time means i am left with constant service interruptions . forgetting to turn on wifi at at home runs the risk of eating up my data plan . for this reason i turn off wifi when i am out and turn it on when i get home . but what if i forget ? with this tasker profile , my phone now uses cell location data to turn wifi on/off . steps : turn gps on ( just for now ) . you do not need to keep it running all the time , but it helps to pinpoint where your location for the context step . first , go home ( the place your wifi router lives ) . profile : wifi at home context : location > net=on , gps=off , radius 500m , get fix task : at home action : net > wifi > on task ( optional ) : alert > popup > text " wifi on " task : leaving home action : net > wifi > off task ( optional ) : alert > popup > text " wifi off " get fix locates where you currently are on a map so you need to actually be at home for this step . you have several setting options depending on how much power consumption vs . accuracy . see [ html http://tasker.dinglisch.net/userguide/en/loctears.html " location without tears" ] . the least accurate ( net=off , gps=off ) needs a really large radius . the most accurate ( net=on , gps=on ) will drain your battery faster . i find net=on , gps=off , radius 500m to work fine . my phone knows when i am home .
short answer : it depends . long answer : android developers have the ability to specify requirements for their apps both in terms of software ( minimum os version , for example ) and hardware . for example , an app that does turn-by-turn navigation may require the android device it is being installed on to have built-in gps . such an app would be listed as " incompatible " with any tablet that does not have a gps chip ( the tablet reports its hardware features to the play store ) . the same is true for a reverse situation , where an app that requires a minimum screen resolution may work fine on a tablet , but show as incompatible for phones that are below that limit . another example is google tv . since none of the current models have touch-screen support , any apps that require this feature would be listed as not compatible on the play store . these limitations are only being enforced by the google 's play store . this means that if you manage to side-load the app 's apk file , it may work just fine on any device . however , the lack of minimum requirements will mean that the app will be unstable .
i would expect mac to have no trouble mounting the usb storage when you connect the device over usb , but if it does you coukd try pdanet . you can also transfer files over bluetooth , wifi , etc ; please search for those solutions . as for syncing , we jeed to know what exactly you are trying to sync .
you could take a look at systempanel 1 or system tuner 2 . both let you monitor your ressource consumption ( not only battery ) , and ( at least in their respective pro versions ) also offer to do so in background , collecting data for later evaluation . system tuner 2 also offers a bunch of nice widgets 3 for your homescreen , if you need to watch things for a while . edit : after seeing mihic 's comment above , i noticed i missed another important point : while up to froyo , " dialing " the magic number *#*#4636#*#* brought up a nice system menu ( it still does that part ) including many battery stats , the latter ( battery stats ) have been removed since gingerbread . if your device is rooted , betterbatterystats can bring those back -- and do a great deal to help you identifying battery hogs : these two screenshots show you the most important information betterbatterystats provides : which apps used the most battery power while the device tried to sleep 3 -- and those who kept the device awake 4 , preventing deepsleep and such " powersave mode " . just helped me getting 20% more battery out of my device ; )
as you already pointed out in your question , it is a matter of intervals . of course , turning it off-and-on like a cars indicator light is more power consuming than simply leaving it on – and turning it off for 12 hours does really save juice . the matter is to find the right " interval " . not quite up-to-date anymore , but still sufficient for the " raw estimate": about two years ago i have posted a table with some consumption data , using two devices as reference . let 's average the values a little and assume they have changed " for the better " , so we can say : wifi in standby uses about 10 mw wifi downloading uses about 800 mw wifi uploading uses about 400 mw wifi searching for a nearby ap to connect to , including the entire process , must be somewhere in between ( no values in my table or their sources ) , but i would assume at least 200 . . 400 mw here – as like with cell signal , it needs to fully power up to scan the area for available ssids . let 's further assume the connect process takes about 5 . . 10s , just to have some numbers to juggle with : 5s &times ; 200 ms = 1.000 units ( minimum power-up consumption ) 10s &times ; 400 ms = 4.000 units ( maximum power-up consumption ) 10s &times ; 10 ms = 100 units ( maximum standby consumption ) by those numbers ( being just raw estimates , not scientific calculations ! ) , results would be : 100 . . 400 seconds are the minimum " disconnected time " for your described " toggle " to not consume more juice than staying in standby . toggling would thus make sense only for breaks of about 10 minutes and up . for a similar calculation , you might be interested in 2g versus 3g : does it really save battery ? : ) to avoid misunderstandings : as dan correctly pointed out in the comments , i have omitted a lot of details here . i was aware of that : the above is nothing but an idealized number-juggling , which should show that even at best circumstances permanent toggling is no good idea . calculating " exact numbers " which are at the same time " absolute " is impossible , as too many factors play a role here : noone expects wifi idling at 10 mw with the connection lost . it will certainly " power up " on a search for available networks . plus the points dan mentioned : many apps that perform network operations in the background use a broadcast receiver to run when the network connection comes up . if you are actually connecting to a network each time you turn the wi-fi on , all these apps will run , drawing more power . on each " toggle on and connect " , that is – while they would not do so at all otherwise , or at least at very lower intervals if the wi-fi was on all the time , the same apps might run more or fewer times to update or sync data . this very much depends on the apps installed/used if you are waking the device up and/or turning the screen on just to turn on wi-fi and check for messages , that'll use more power than the wi-fi itself . so please read my conclusion as " it makes no sense for time-frames smaller than 10 min " . the longer the interval , the more likely it makes sense – and the shorter , the less .
according to : android media process ( high cpu ) | alexus ' blog :
there are many variables that affect the performance of each method you have mentioned . additionally there is also the necessary configuration and requirements that each device must have in order to have solutions like this working . as requested , lets summarize and compare possible performances between usb ; wi-fi and bluetooth : usb : usb performance can be extremely low or very high , depending on the available usb version , which in turn , combined with the sdcard reading/writing speed on each device allows us to accurately measure and ascertain the transfer speed . there is also the physical limitation of the usb cable length that for some scenarios becomes a limitation . usb 1.0 : 1.5 mbit/s ( low-bandwidth ) and 12 mbit/s ( full-bandwidth ) usb 2.0 : 480 mbit/s ( effective throughput up to 35 mb/s ) usb 3.0 : 5 gbit/s ( 625 mb/s ) which is more than 10 times as fast as usb 2 wi-fi wi-fi loses limitations like cable length , but then again we need to account for the 802.11 protocol being used , the signal strength and range to accurately measure results : more about wi-fi protocols from wikipedia . wi-fi direct wi-fi direct , initially called wi-fi p2p , is a wi-fi standard that enables devices to connect easily with each other without requiring a wireless access point . here the communication is performed at typical wi-fi speeds for everything from file transfer to internet connectivity . essentially , wi-fi direct falls under the same values presented at the wi-fi table ( yet again keeping in mind that signal strength and range are the key factors for a good performance ) . more about wi-fi direct from wikipedia . bluetooth while we need to ascertain several influencing factors to determine if wi-fi is faster than usb , bluetooth is with no doubt in last place when we speak about transfer speed . designed as a proprietary open wireless technology standard for exchanging data over short distances , the maximum speeds are below the two concurrent options : more about bluetooth from wikipedia . android beam being a fairly recent technology , android beam allows users to transfer data between devices with near field communication ( nfc ) capabilities . nfc is even slower than bluetooth ( both short-range communication technologies ) and is limited to about 20cm of range getting up to 424 kbit/s . on a positive note , nfc sets up more quickly than standard bluetooth and the connection between two nfc devices is automatically established : technical comparison : only relevant aspects to this answer , for full table see wikipedia . summary based on the specifications for each method and their respective version , my classification ordered by fastest-to-lowest would be : usb assuming version 2.0 , since 1.0 is way slow and outdated wi-fi / wi-fi direct bluetooth android beam
based on the comments , this looks like a hardware issue , and not a software/android issue . i would suggest sending it to a service center for repair .
i could not find a way to do it or an app that would do it . there were a couple out there that claimed to have manual focus but basically just did what you described as " assisted auto focus . " i found this thread at xda where some people have been looking through the code to find a way to add the manual focus . from what they found it appears that it is possible but someone has to code it . its worth keeping an eye on it : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=630989
go to settings &#8594 ; storage and tap on the overflow menu in the top right ( on a device with a physical menu key , you may need to press that instead ) . this should bring up a menu item labeled " usb computer connection": tap on that , and it will give you a list with possible connection modes . uncheck everything that you do not intend to use . on my n5/cm11 there are only two options on this page : mtp and ptp . unchecking both causes the phone to simply charge when plugged into a pc . i have seen others that have an explicit " charge only " option , but i believe that is nonstandard .
android apps are not single-threaded . although there is one main thread as described in the documentation you quoted , apps can start as many other threads as they need . the advantage of all gui interactions being on one thread is that the gui code can be simpler , faster , and more predictable , because gui state is not being changed concurrently from different threads . it also makes thread-safety easier for app developers by providing a message queue , similar to those found in other oses ' gui frameworks . the app author just needs to make sure all long operations are performed in background threads , sending messages back to the main thread to update the gui , and that way the gui remains responsive all the time .
there is andropen office andropen office is the world 's first port of openoffice for android . you can view , edit , export office documents using full features of the openoffice . andropen office has 6 components : writer ( a word processor ) calc ( spreadsheet ) impress ( presentation graphics ) draw ( drawing ) math ( equation editor ) base ( database ) * andropen office is forked project from the apache openoffice project . andropen office is not affiliated with the apache openoffice project .
as far as i am aware , there really should not be any other settings which are affected by the ota . in fact , android central has a thread where people are compiling a list of new features and apps along with reported issues and bugs . they have put this ( losing your alarms ) in their list of bugs . it looks like it also broke netflix and wireless-n support , for what it is worth .
so i have had this same problem for the past month . there is a 1cm or so high deadzone that spans the width of my screen just about lower than the midway point from top to bottom . it is mostly always there , but some ( seemingly ) random times it goes away and all works well . my troubleshooting led me to this : if it is hardware , it is only because the software is telling it something it should not be . i am sure nothing is broken ( i.e. . , from being dropped , etc . ) something is wrong , for sure , but not broken per se . i took screen shots of temperature and voltage ( using cpu-z app ) trying to figure it out . i paid attention to when it happened and when it did not . i boiled it down to two possibilities : temperature and/or voltage ( i can explain how i came to this conclusion if you want . . . would take a bit more explanation ) . i charge my phone with the charger plugged into the wall typically . i live in asia so the voltage is a lot higher ( but within the appropriate range of the phone ) . yet , lately when i ! go to sleep , i plug my phone into my laptop to charge , rather than the wall . . . when i wake up the problem is not there . about 2 hours later or so the problem comes back . i tried this for a week ( charging my phone with my laptop ) and the problem is dissipating . as quickly as it escalated ( getting gradually worse ) it is now getting gradually better . try it and see if it works for you . at night when your phone is nearly dead , charge your phone with your usb port attached to your laptop . maybe it will help . i am still troubleshooting specifics to see if it is definitive . update : today , the day of writing this , i have not had the problem at all and it is been nearly 7 hours and the 3rd consecutive night of charging with usb on my laptop . update 2: happy new year ! i have been charging my nexus 4 with my laptop 's usb port since my original reply and the problem had disappeared . let me know if this works for anyone else ! nexus 4 - 4.4.2
i am afraid there is not really a " one-stop solution " . as you already noticed , all the different backup types have different goals , all of them have their pros and cons ( see also our backup tag-wiki for an overview ) : while a nandroid backup covers the entire system at partition-level , it is not the easiest when you want to only restore parts . on its own , it is an all-or-nothing . luckily , there are other tools which can deal with those backup files : you can restore single apps with titanium backup , and even read single files from them ( see : how do i view/mount nandroid file on device ? ) . titanium backup covers almost everything on an app-and-settings level , and can read from nandroid backup files -- but it cannot create a full nandroid backup . also , restore between different roms can be a little tricky ( but that applies to all solutions ) , at least when it comes to system files . still , it does a good job even then when using its " migration mode " adb backup is a good thing , but only available with android 4.0 upwards and also restricted to " apps and settings " . additionally , it requires a computer to attach the device to for backup/restore . the latter can be avoided using apps like helium - app sync and backup , which run directly on the device and use adb as backend . i found the best solution on rooted devices is a combination of nandroid ( offered e.g. by clockworkmod recovery ) and titanium . for non-rooted devices , choices are rare : neither of the two are available there , which leaves the user with adb backup as the only half-way complete solution .
i ended up using this free app : http://code.google.com/p/lockenabler/ and with smart bar i was able to set the camera button as a shortcut . my cam button now turns off the screen on a long press .
install google maps . under settings from menu select ' edit home or work '
there is now a setting for this , though i am not sure if it is in stock android and since which version it is available . it was definitely there in sony 's gingerbread and ics roms ( xperia neo v ) and cyanogenmod 9/10 . in cyanogenmod 9+ , it is in the " system " submenu below the " interface " caption .
a quick search brought up this article at http://blog.laptopmag.com/how-to-edit-video-with-movie-studio-on-your-android-tablet . while i do not have a tablet , i have played with movie studio before , and it looks like all you have to do is tap the timeline at the bottom of your clip , and drag the arrows that appear on its edges to trim it . this only trims the edges off , so if you want to take a part out of the middle , i would re-add the clip ( so you have two copies of it in your timeline ) , and then drag the arrows on the ends of the copy so you only have the part you want , without getting rid of the beginning of the clip from the original .
unfortunately for us ( not so much for manufacturers and carriers , ) gingerbread closed the exploits that were previously being used to gain root privileges on older android os versions . this means that tools like superoneclick and similar will no longer work . the only way to get root on samsung devices with gingerbread is to flash a pre-rooted image onto the phone with a tool like odin or heimdal . forums like xda-developers and rootzwiki contain detailed instructions for flashing such an image ( kernel only , full stock system , or a completely custom rom . )
sounds to me like you only have one " image chooser " app installed , and you would need to install another . i know es file explorer registers itself as one , so if you install that maybe it will show up in the menu and then you can use it to browse to your icons .
this is really a question about android in general , and is based on a misconception of how android handles background apps . check out this xda post for a nice explanation of why processes sitting in memory in the background really are not a bad thing . you should only worry about exiting/force-quitting/killing an app if things start misbehaving .
first off you will need to root your tablet . this is relatively easy , especially with the galaxy because it is so popular . head on over to the xda forums (www.xda-developers.com) and navigate to the galaxy 10.1 section . this youtube video also will do it for you : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=krqdp7xylwg be careful . follow the steps exactly . you do not want to brick your device . after that , you will have clockworkmod . so first things first : zip up your kernel , then copy it to your device . most of the time , tablets require sd-cards in order to install things from recovery , so pop in an sd-card and copy the zipped folder here . then , reboot into recovery ( turn device off , then hold up volume button and power at the same time ) . you will want to wipe your cache partition and davlik cache first . once this is done , go to install zip from sd-card , find your folder with the kernel , and that is it ! before you do this , do a backup of your current system , just in case your kernel really messes up your device . hope this helps !
unfortunately , that is not how it works :/ though we would all love the official ics versions rolled out to the nexus s and galaxy nexus devices , they are designed specifically for the hardware of those phones ; thus is the nature of android . so , if you want something similar , the only way you will be able to get it is a 3rd party rom . the only official os versions for each phone are the ones rolled out by each provider , in your case , samsung .
perform a factory reset then write to the memory and reset again . this is the best way i have found to prevent data remnance . i was aware that with a magnetic based drive there is almost always data remnanace . i believe the standard to effectively erase info on a magnetic drive is erasing and re-writing over the drive 7-20 times ( do not quote me on those number ) . i was under the impression that once you erased data from flash storage it was gone for good but recalled the story of a woman finding porn on her refurbished evo . so , i asked about data remnance at superuser on flash memory and found that data sometimes can remain after it is deleted . the recommendation there was : formatting , writing to the memory and formatting again . to format , as the answers above suggested , i performed a factory reset . this can be done one of two ways on the droid : go to the " settings " menu , choose " privacy " then choose " factory data reset " do a hard reset ultimately i just did the factory reset because i was too lazy to load the system memory up and i suspect that 99.99% the factory reset is sufficient , but it is good to know what the risks are .
the latest youtube update has enabled it :-d
no there is no feature in google play music that lets you delete songs you do not listen to . afaik there is no app that does the same too .
i have seen some other reports avlbout 90 degree compass deviations , and they were reported on android 4.4.3 . now that was an extremely short lived version . on 4.4.4 the problem vanished . so i am still convinced that this was a 4.4.3 problem .
you want to monitor any apps that use data in the background . it is hard to say which ones because there are so many and i have no idea what you have installed . i recommend installing two apps to help you monitor and control your data so you do not go over : phone usage - this app allows you to monitor how much data you are using and set daily , weekly and monthly limits ( it does this for voice and text too ) and it will notify you when you go over the limits . there are a number of others like this , some will tell you when you are getting close , other put a widget on your homescreen to show your data usage . i test a couple out to see which ones work best with your phone . quick settings - this app will allow you to manually control your data . with it you can turn off/on auto-syncing . you can also toggle the apn so you it turns off all 3g data without affecting the phone or wifi , so you can still get auto updates when you are connected to wifi but only use 3g data when you choose to . finally , if you really want to take control of things you can get tasker and set different rules about when you use wifi and when you use 3g and what apps are allowed to sync . . .
disclaimer : " safe " does not mean nothing can go wrong , particularly if you do not follow the instructions exactly . i make no guarantees , and you take the risks of rooting upon yourself . see this post for general rooting guidelines and an index of other devices for which we have rooting guides . if you have the original android 1.6 donut firmware on your device , upgrade it to 2.1 or higher . the official update page should bring you from 1.6 ( or 2.1 ) to 2.2 . the easiest method ( still safe ) &mdash ; 2.1 eclair , 2.2 froyo the easiest method is with gingerbreak . ( the 2.3.3 update patched the vulnerability used in gingerbreak , so if you have gingerbread then see the next section . ) on the device , go to Settings -&gt; Applications and make sure unknown sources and usb debugging ( under Development ) are checked . download the gingerbreak app via your pc and put it on the device 's sd card , or use the browser on the device . install a file browser like explorer since it appears the streak does not come with one . navigate to the gingerbreak . apk , install it , and run it to root your device . you are done ! the safest method ( still easy ) &mdash ; 2.2 froyo , 2.3 gingerbread you can attempt to root via other vulnerabilities but the safest method is probably to replace the stock recovery with streakmod and flash the superuser package through it , bypassing the need for hacks . this might work for 2.1 , but i have not tested it . ( wondering why this is safe ? the streak replaces the recovery with stock on boot . if you screw it up , it will fix itself ! ) install the android sdk on windows . ( you can use linux , but then you have to locate the fastboot package put out by htc at one point since it is not bundled with the sdk for linux . ) download streakmod and extract recovery.img from the . zip file to somewhere easily accessible , say C:\recovery.img . download the superuser package and put it on the device 's sd card . connect the phone to your pc via usb and put it into fastboot mode . the easiest way is through adb on the command line ( adjust the path if needed ) : cd C:\Program Files\Android\android-sdk\platform-tools adb reboot bootloader  alternatively , turn off the phone and then turn it on while holding the camera button . when you reach a white screen , release the camera button . when it loads , tap the FastBoot text button in the top right corner of the screen . you should see FASTBOOT_MODE in the bottom left of the screen when it is ready . from the command line ( adjust the paths if needed ) : cd C:\Program Files\Android\android-sdk\tools fastboot flash recovery C:\recovery.img  the device should show Download RECOVERY Done! when complete . continuing from the command line , enter fastboot reboot and immediately hold down both volume buttons on the device until you reach recovery mode . if the device boots , go back to step 4 ! the custom recovery has been overwritten with stock by the init scripts ; you need to get into streakmod before this happens . using the volume buttons , scroll down to 2. Software upgrade via Update.pkg on SD Card and select it by clicking the camera button . this will take you to streakmod recovery . using the same buttons as in the previous step , select apply sdcard:update.zip , then choose zip from sdcard . select Superuser.zip from wherever you put it ( e . g . , download/ ) . choose Yes - Install Superuser.zip and let it install . then back out ( using the back touch button ) and hit reboot system now . you are done ! if you want to keep streakmod recovery , use your new root powers to rename /system/etc/install-recovery.sh to something else like install-recovery.bak , then repeat steps 4-6a above . note that stock recovery can be downloaded and flashed just like streakmod , so there is not much to worry about if you decide to do this .
hi martin tapankov : yes . it is safe to remove the stock android keyboard application if you have already installed an alternative ime ( input method editor ) on your phone . you may go to " settings-> local and text-> text settings-> select input method " to select only one preferred ime and then reboot your phone to ensure it automatically picks up your ime . please bear in mind you should not install or move your preferred ime application to the sd card because , after your phone is restarted , the default ime will revert to android keyboard ( if you still have the stock android keyboard application installed ) or your phone will show a lot of forcecloses ( if you have uninstalled the stock android keyboard application ) . good luck ! fyi , i have already done this before on my samsung galaxy s epic 4g ( sph-d700 ) which comes with a hardware slide-out keyboard , so my risk factor has been much smaller than yours . :- )
your ubuntu is very outofdate . 12.03 12.10 . 13.04 . 13.10 14.04 are all newer versions of ubuntu . use 14.04 or newer when possible since 13 issues with my s2 sdcard are almost nonexistent
well i finally figured this out , after racking up 800mb of upload and 3.5mb of download with my exchange email over 2 days . . . i had tried to send someone an 8mb pdf and it never sent successfully . . . so it tried again , and again , and again , and again . the email was stuck in my outbox and could not be deleted . i would get " server error " messages ( derp ! ) . the solution was to de-couple the device from exchange , completely removing that account , thereby deleting the message , and then re-registering the device . now all is as it should be . . . long story short -- keep an eye on your outbox !
you might want to take a look at e.g. mail myself / selfmail ( which integrate into the share menu ) , or email me / email to self : create homescreen shortcuts which use a preselected email address and/or label by long pressing on a blank space on your homescreen , then select shortcuts , then email to self . guess that is what you are looking for ; )
this is happening because of an issue ( or a feature ? ) on stock samsung firmware . whenever you reboot the phone , the " show notifications " setting of apps that were moved to sd card will revert to its original state , which is to allow notifications . the work-around is to move the app back to the phone , and the setting will persist across reboots .
camera ptp mode means picture transfer protocol . this is probably why you can not see any videos . select usb mode and navigate to the same folder . make sure you are checking the right " camera " folder as you may have 2 , one on your sd card and one in the internal phone memory .
task killing is never a solution when it comes to " preserving battery " . as you discovered , most things restart themselves automatically . what could help , however , is ( temporarily ) turn off all services you do not need -- after all , it is just for that one run , and ( as you already pointed out ) you can resign from some of them : do you need a data connection for runkeeper ? if not : switch it off , that would save the most . if it is really needed : disable account synchronization , and do the same for all apps which are periodically syncing ( e . g . rss reader and the like ) . while running , you will not pickup phone calls anyway -- switch off the radio ( if no data are needed : just switch to airplane mode . while in airplane mode , you still can enable some services separately , such as e.g. bluetooth and gps ) . big savings again minor things include bluetooth . i do not think you want to listen to music via a bt headset while running -- so switch it off . if you really need audio , use a wired headset . display : turn brightness down as much as possible . if it is rarely turned on , this might not have much effect -- but it contributes . some apps which you will not need " on the run " might offer to exit them completely . do so . this altogether should save a lot of juice -- and should preserve enough power for 5h runkeeper with gps , i would say . good luck , and have a successful double-marathon ( one for you running , and one for power-saving ; ) !
it is required for phones ( at least in europe and us ) to allow emergency calls without requiring the user to unlock the phone or the sim card . you can always make an emergency call when you are in a cell coverage area and the phone has power . it is a safety feature , which guarantees you can use any phone in an emergency to get assistance , regardless of the state the phone is in . take this scenario : you are in a car crash and your own phone breaks . an unconscious friend 's cell phone is working , but it has a pattern/pin/password lock on it , or it lost power but boots to the sim pin screen . the feature guarantees that you can make the call without knowledge of the correct pattern/pin/password . the numbers you can call with this feature are restricted to the most common or regional emergency numbers , and are translated by the carrier to the local emergency numbers if you are roaming . the exception to this are wifi-only tablets , which can not make calls at all . edit : if the device 's sim is locked , it detects the networks available and identifies it is own network , but does not register the device to the network . in the case of emergency calls , the phone does not need to be registered to the network , all calls to emergency numbers are allowed , regardless of the state of the sim or carrier subscription . even with no sim at all , the networks are detected and the carrier with the strongest signal is used .
the " device offline " output means that the device is detected , but it refuses any operation because the user did not allow that particular computer to connect ( secure adb ) . your device is up and running , and displaying a confirmation window on its non-functioning screen . you could try to power the device on and blindly hit the ok button after unlocking the screen , then all adb commands should work . alternatively , if you have used adb with another computer , try it with that . also , all devices offer some kind of id even in this state , displayed by " adb devices" ; this is the serial number most of the time . see if it is the right format . edit : " fastboot devices " should show the serial number too . also , it should be easy to put the n7 into fastboot mode even without a screen .
go to settings --> apps --> clear data and cache of launcher ( i think it is trebuchet ) .
this is too big for a comment , so here goes : both articles cite one and the same mcafee report . mcafee is a security products vendor , hardly an impartial observer to the malware scene . mcafee does not have products which for ios devices , but they most certainly do for android devices . and paid , too . turns out they might have for both platforms . i can not be bothered to install itunes to verify . android is the fastest-growing mobile platform , and with an absolutely crazy 73%+ growth rate , and now has 48% market share , compared to just 10% in the beginning of 2010 . no big surprise here -- this is just a marketing ploy by a security vendor to sell more products . the same trick they pulled off with other av vendors that they did with pcs in the mid-2000s . as an aside , security is not all that much platform-dependent as it is people-dependent . most of the largest security breaches are caused by social engineering attacks rather than technical limitations . i have yet to see with my eyes an android malware application , it has always been beyond me how people manage to get infected . see also this related question on whether you need av on your android ( short answer -- no ) . your phone should be secure as long as you use common sense while installing and using applications . do not trust anything that is on the market play store , the same way as you would not trust a random pc program , or a facebook " app " for that matter . ios and anrdoid security concerns pop here and there in the news occasionally , but from observing both markets for some time i am fairly convinced that both platforms offer reasonable ( technical ) protection to their users , and offending applications are removed with short notice . google has even removed malware applications from devices without user discretion at least once .
with the big google plus push this past year , google have been slowly moving to retire picasa web albums entirely . first , they made it so that all of your picasa albums are available via google+ photos , then they have set picasa 3 desktop application 's sharing options to google+ as the default , then they even started redirecting https://picasaweb.google.com/home address to google+ photo albums , and android gallery sync options are indeed gone in 4.2.2 version . as of this writing , the latest gapps package includes the following change log : all apps updated to 4.2.2 versions google play store updated to 3.10.14 google play services updated to 3.0.25 gmail2 . apk ( gmail ) and googleears . apk ( sound search for google play ) removed since they are available in the google play store --may require uninstalling and reinstalling gmail and sound search after flashing . keeps previous version 's photosphere/picasa sync install on mako , manta , and tuna . the last line means that the gallery , which is no longer a stand-alone app , and instead integrated with the camera app , is an older version in order to preserve the picasa sync functionality , while keeping the newer camera features such as pohtosphere . unfortunately this is only available on very few devices such as nexus 4 ( code name " mako" ) , nexus 10 ( code name " manta" ) , and the galaxy nexus family ( code name " tuna" ) . this is due to the camera apps not being open source on either google 's android core apps , or every other manufacturer 's ui overlay . it is therefore impossible to get the picasa sync code working on other devices . if you are willing to experiment a bit , there is an older version of an add-on to the main gapps package here which may help you get picasa sync back . you should flash this gapps-jb-picasa-20121011-signed.zip file after flashing the latest gapps . zip package . however , keep in mind that this add-on was designed for android 4.1 ( not 4.2 . x ) /cyanogenmod 10 ( not 10.1 , ) and will therefore remove any newer camera features . it may also cause other unforeseen issues and instabilities , so make sure to take a nandroid backup of your current rom before flashing that file .
summing up from the comments : this very much depends on . . . the rom used the update format chosen for a specific update some roms ( e . g . cyanogenmod ) come with their own " updaters " , where special rules might apply . specifically , they might deliver " patch updates " , where only some files will be replaced . in those cases , no further action is required ( except for , maybe , a reboot ) . some other roms ship in specific formats , and might require special tools to be flashed ( e . g . odin or heimdall for samsung devices ) . again other roms are delivered using the update.zip principle , where a custom recovery is needed to install them . this update.zip may be a complete rom , or also just a patch . instructions usually are to be found where the updates are offered for download . in all above cases , some " initial steps " required for the first rom install can be skipped and must not be repeated , including . . . rooting your device ( custom roms usually come pre-rooted ) unlocking the bootloader ( unless you have re-locked it ) installing a custom recovery ( when it is already there , no re-install is required ; though there might be updates to this as well , and a newer custom rom might require a minimum version here as well . again , instructions should say so ) it is always a good idea to perform a backup before installing updates ( or tampering with system stuff in any other way ) . points to check for include : nandroid backup : a full " sector-wise " copy of all the important partitions . if things go wrong altogether , this enables you to revert to the exact state of when these backups were created logical full-backup : this is performed by tools like titanium-backup , and usually includes all your apps and data . so if something is missing after the rom update , you can substitute the necessary parts . ( note that titanium backup also can do that with nandroid-backups ) adb backup : quite similar to the previous one ( see the backup wiki for details and differences ) . note also that an ota-update is quite unlikely to happen with custom roms . some even include an app named fota-kill to " silence " the related update check . they either bring their own updater , or none altogether . in the latter case , the user has to check himself whether and when updates are available ; often a " reminder " can be setup by subscribing to the corresponding thread on xda ( or wherever the rom comes from ) , but actions have to be taken manually ( as described above ) . as i have shown until here , videos on updating your rom most likely do not exist as the process already has been described as part of the initial video ; though a few words like " for updating , skip to index ab:cd " would be a good idea ( and could be suggested in the comments ) . a special case are the google-apps ( short : gapps ) . whether you have to re-install them or not mainly depends on whether it was a " full update " ( complete rom ) , or the update just replaced some files . but it is easy to figure : when finished , just check if they are there and working . if not , you obviously have to flash them again . as a full-update replaces the entire partition content , gapps would be gone with that ; a " patch-update " would just replace/add some files , and not touch the gapps , so they had still be there . gapps are never part of a custom rom ( if they are , the " rom cook " is in trouble due to license issues ) .
i doubt that something like an sms/mms virus exists or is " in the wild " . if this mms was really originating from your phone , than this could only be caused by an malicious app . now , there are two ways how any app can send/receive sms/mms : by having the appropriate permissions you can easily find out which app has requested , and since you installed it , granted , which permissions that app got granted . see this question for tools . by exploiting the android system if there is an root exploit within the android system and within the dalvik vm , any app could use it to do anything . afaik as of android 2.3.5 there are no public known exploits . not sure what is the state in case of android 2.1 sms history editing the sms history is not necessary . the history is part of the ( stock ) sms client . if an android app uses to api to send an sms/mms the history is not involved .
google now by default will think that you are in the usa . the app pulls your home address from google latitude . this is also how it knows when you are home and it is the basics for traffic info . to change this go into : Maps -&gt; Location History (tab)  here you can set both your home and work address .
check out the free stayawake app simple app to toggle a stay awake mode . enables stay awake , always if plugged in to ac/usb
the htc sensation uses a capacitive touchscreen , so any standard capacitive stylus will work for touch-based input . simply be sure you do not purchase a stylus designed for a resistive touchscreen .
i do not think there is a setting in adw that can do that . i use adw . ex and i looked through all the settings and did not see any way to achieve what your are asking for . it is , however , open source , so someone could implement the option for this , or you could request it to anderweb and he might add it to an update .
the xoom dock has a connector to the usb port for audio and stability . the back of the dock has a stereo out port . here is a link detailing the innards and how to convert to a plain usb . http://wordpress.greghausman.com/2011/05/08/motorola-xoom-usb-dock/
you should try to set up an " application specific " password for your tab , and enter that password when you enter your account details . now you totally avoid the second screen asking for the code . you can create an application specific password at https://accounts.google.com/b/0/issuedauthsubtokens ( at least that is the one i use ) kind regards joern
unbind the gmail account . clear google play data . bind the gmail account .
that usb input in the honda pilot only supports certain drivers . it looks like it has support for standard flash thumb drives and ipod products . android comes preloaded with the drivers necessary to communicate with windows so until honda updates the stereos driver support or someone puts the necessary drivers to interface with the pilot on your device i believe you will be out of luck .
as you can see from the screenshot , you can definitely get colored output in ls on android . ( side note - i have got some bashrc magic running so the default ls output is ls --color=auto ) probably you are either running ls in a sh shell and not bash , you have got a watered-down oem version of ls , or there is some strange magic happening between adb on windows and the linux terminal . what device/android version/rom are you running ? what output does ls --version give ?
after failing to avoid freezing by sw settings , i resorted to last resort : baking motherboard . : ) result : device is bricked . it wont even start . i will buy a new motherboard .
yes , assuming the device has been rooted and someone has engineered the update to work with your specific device . how fast that happens depends on how hard the devices manufacturer has made it , and how active the community is . its not as simple as just loading windows on a computer . i asked a similar question a while ago . check out the answers for more detail : what is involved in installing android onto a device ?
having now read more about the apk file format , i think i can now safely answer my own question with " it is impossible " . an apk file does not contain a data structure which is " unpacked " on install like the packages used by , for example , most linux distributions . instead , an apk is simply a self-contained , rebadged jar file that contains the application 's bytecode , manifest and certificate and nothing else . the contents of /data/data/[appname] are presumably created by the application code when it is first run ( or at some future point ) , and there is no way of embedding such data into an apk so that the system automatically moves it to the correct destination at install time .
the equivalent of an ipod in the android world would be one of these two : a handset with no telephony at all , this will be wifi only an example of this is the samsung galaxy player . a prepaid handset phone , this will still connect to wifi , but later on if you wanted , you could connect it to a phone network an example of this is the lg optimus v on virgin mobile . as long as the manufacturer supports it ( check the product page , but i think most do nowadays ) , you will be able to download apps from the google play store . you will also be able to download from alternate stores depending on the device . finally , i think all android devices can download from the amazon appstore .
you might want to check for " app lockers " like e.g. app lock , which allow you to password-protect apps , or use even more restrictive child protection apps like e.g. child app protector , which can sandbox an environment ( also called " kiosk mode" ) . a somehow " special " solution would be app locker ii : fake crash , which in " protected mode " displays a fake force-close message so people do not get the idea you protected something .
your app does not do oauth/openid , instead it uses android 's integrated auth model via a special permission : YOUR ACCOUNTS USE THE AUTHENTICATION CREDENTIALS OF AN ACCOUNT Allows the app to request authentication tokens.  colornote , for example , does not need this permission and thus must get an auth token via the browser . it ends up in the list in the link you provided if you authorize it and you can revoke given permission for colornote via your assumed method . that is why you will not find google 's drive , youtube , maps and so on in the list either as they also use android 's integrated auth token permission . pro/cons : integrated : less friction for the user , depends on google apps and a google account openid : no google apps required , works with accounts from any openid provider ( see this site 's login support for any provider )
try uninstalling and then re-installing said app - be forewarned though that most ram boosters / memory cleaners are absolutely redundant in android . due to the nature of pre-loading your most used apps in order to give them better latency , there is little to no point of running these memory cleaners . in fact , by running them , you lose a bit of your battery as the os has to run the processor to select and pre-load other apps . yes - moving an app to the sd card usually prevents it from starting up at boot - this is also why widgets or apps that have some sort of notification / reminder / push message need to remain in internal memory . you can run a script ( if you are rooted ) or you can use an app like tasker / llama to run an app depending on a particular set of conditions .
for the smtp server details , try entering a server like mail.messagingengine.com and not entering any authentication details . the client will connect but because no auth details are provided , even if you attempt to send emails , the server just will not accept the connection and the emails will remain in the outbox .
ok , not a real final answer , but this is what happened . i had another problem with the gallery , described here : not all images showing up in gallery in following all the advice there i have removed data from " gallery " application in menu-> settings-> applications removed the . thumbnails directory from /dcim removed data from gallery app again . shut down the phone and removed the battery . i do not know if that fixed the showing-up problem , but now all of a sudden i can actually see my picasa folders . .
this section of the cyanogen instructions seems to cover the developer sapphire handsets
system memory , internal memory is a mis-leading thing , its actually referring to storage space which is a very different thing to the meaning ram often referred as memory ! the reference to storage - system as in /system would be more accurate . when you download an app from the play store , it must be installed into the /data . from there you can actually move the app to the sd-card . on stock vanilla android , the option is there ' move to sd card ' . now by the sound of it , its as if it is indeed moving the app to the sdcard , but its not really a sdcard , its how an internal storage space ( think of usb flash drives ) , is treated as an /sdcard but in reality , you have internal and external storage , the latter being the actual micro sd card slotted in place . its a bit confusing how it works , from a developer 's perspective , when a check is carried out for an sd card , android seemingly " tells " the developer that the internal storage is treated as an /sdcard . also , to compound confusion even more , there is also a symbolic link to the real sdcard , /external/sdcard as well - this bit is dependent on what device/manufacturer is in question . yes , this is the expected behaviour , whichever storage ( from a view point of android and the hardware device 's file-system priority , is treated as " sdcard" ) . in short , nothing you can do , apart from using app 2 sd , but then again , that could fall into the same trap as i mentioned previously about the developer 's perspective . edit after the op has edited their question to include the device , after looking at gsmarena MEMORY Card slot microSD, up to 32GB Internal 1 GB storage, 384 MB RAM  yup , it looks definitely like as if the internal storage is treated in this fashion as an " sdcard " . . . the naming is misleading . what is really meant , is : internal ( phone ) storage 157mb , internal sd-card ( emmc ) 1024mb
on june 2 , 2012 , picplz announced that they would be closing permanently as of july 3 , 2012 picplz . not only does it give you a number of effects you can apply to your images ( like hipstamatic ) but also automatically posts to facebook , twitter , flickr , tumblr , posterous , foursquare , and can backup to a dropbox folder .
go to inbox , press MENU button and click on Refresh . now , open the email again . in the gmail app , there is no way to refresh the current email , you can only refresh your inbox . when you refresh inbox , emails are downloaded ( in text format ) to your inbox . images from the email were downloaded on opening the email .
i have found that if i search for an address ( or other location ) , not too long after that i get a card with driving directions to that location . if i tap the card , i am asked if i " care about travel time to this location " . usually i say no , but if i say yes i will have a new card that gives me the travel time to that location , just like for work or home . in case you are wondering , the place to edit your work or home is Settings | My stuff | Places... . only home and work are available for me , but maybe they will add some more custom locations in the future .
after spending the whole week searching for this issue and testing different settings and tricks recommended by users from other forums , i have finally found the culprits . it seems that the least mark of your fingertips on the lens of your phone 's camera will make it less sensitive to qr codes and barcodes in general . that and also not having autofocus on . things i did that helped : clean the camera lens with a soft cloth to remove fingerprints or other marks turn on autofocus on your camera , if it is not on try setting camera action to macro , this seemed to make it recognize codes faster . i hope these tips can help others as it helped me . edit : also check this forum for more tips on this matter .
in general , custom roms are free . to date , i am not aware of any custom rom that is paid ( at least for the custom roms i have used for my samsung galaxy s2 , s4 and nexus 7 ) . however , you can donate to the developers if you wish . rooting and installing the custom rom yourself is free , assuming you accept all the risks , which includes bricking ( or destroying ) your phone . if you are not confident enough to perform the rooting and installation of a custom rom , you can ask an experienced person to do it for you . of course , they may or may not request for payment .
this issue was solved under jelly beans .
f-stop media gallery does exactly that . you can preview photos and it has an on-screen 5 star rating and " favorite " button . unfortunately , the tags do not " stay " with the photo if you upload to google+ or facebook .
general information you might want to take a look at what do the permissions that applications require mean ? -- our " community wiki " which hopefully becomes such a ressource one day . next to that , you might want to take a look at app permissions explained – what do they really mean ? , a blog article at androidpit giving at least some short explanations . techpp 's article use permissions to secure your private data from android apps goes a little deeper into details ( recommended reading ! ) . another nice overview is provided by binarydroids . edit : i have tried to sum up information from all kind of sources i could find , so the probably most comprehensive collection can be found at android . izzysoft . de : permissions . do not be afraid of the " . de": it serves its content in english as well . ( disclosure : i am the owner , creator , and maintainer of that site . ) a last direct recommendation is how app permissions work and why you should care -- and for more , please visit our good old aunt google : ) edit : i could not resist to add more valuable hints , as this is a very sensitive topic . so i will continue updating my answer : android permissions explained , security tips , and avoiding malware , a very thorough article on more than just permissions ( seemingly similar article here ) what can a zero-permissions android app do ? android os : malicious apps can steal permissions ( including a chapter on how permissions work ) the ins and outs of scary android app permissions ( a general introduction into permissions and the " abouts" ) not directly an answer , but an interesting ressource on our sister-site : studies on android users ' attitude to security . names a lot of further sources , studies , etc . , including " permissions " how to find those permission-grabbing add-ons in android reveals another interesting fact i was not aware of , as obvious as it might look once you know it : advertising networks get the same android-permissions as the installed app they’re associated with . ouch ! a paradise for profilers . . . and , there are more permission-grabbing add-ons . . . smartphone apps : is your privacy protected ? use permissions to secure your private data from android apps ( while already from 7/2010 , it still has good explanations on permissions existing back then -- and still there today ) advertizement inside apps also keep in mind that many permissions some app requests might not be required by the app itself -- but rather by some ad module that app uses . so according to techrepublic 14 , mobfox and admob , two of the biggest ad networks , require the following permissions : INTERNET , ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE , ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION , and READ_PHONE_STATE ( so they can know who you are [ READ_PHONE_STATE: phone number , imei/imsi ] , where about you are [ ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION ] , what networks you are connected to [ ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE ] , and whom you are communicating with [ again READ_PHONE_STATE , while in call , for the " remote number" ] ) . does this look a bit too paranoid ? that does not mean nobody 's after you , see deep dive into ad network behavior on android . which means : if you do not feel well with some combinations , you might simply check if the app on your wishlist also has a paid version -- which might do without those permissions , as it does not carry the " ad module " . speaking of this : addons detector will help you figure out which of your apps carry such a module piggyback . in this context , also consider : as trustworthy as the app developer might be , ( s ) he might not be aware of and has no influence on what those " ad modules " do with your data . remember : advertising networks get the same android-permissions as the installed app they’re associated with . 13 on this topic , also read : android apps and advertising : a bit too cozy android ad networks found accessing users’ private data free android apps often secretly make calls , use the camera how to curb aggressive mobile ad networks ( interesting to read for users , recommended reading for developers ! ) android adware abusing permissions , collecting more than they need reports show aggressive mobile apps want many permissions they do not need mobile ad networks accused of invasive apps ( with a " real life example " -- or rather " live example " ? ) top mobile ad networks : check out the networks on what permissions they want , how developers rate them , and more was this shocking news for you ? did i infect you with some " paranoia " -- and now you fell " left alone " with your bad feelings ? i will not leave you without some recommendations . first , you might want to know which potential " data thieves " you already invited to your device , unaware of those risks . it is usually no bad intention of the developer ( you know : " no money , no honey " -- the devs have to make a living as well ) . so having identified some " bad guys " , you might want to confront the dev and give him the option to switch to a different , less " dangerous " ad provider ( after all , the dev might have been unaware of the risks involved as well ) . if he is unwilling , you can still decide whether to kick the offender from your device . or to " go pro " , if there is a pay version available which comes without an ad module inside -- and honor the dev 's work while safe-guarding your data , which i would say is a typical win-win situation . so : what options do you have ? i will give a few examples below . addons detector knows a lot of those modules . high rated ( 4.7 stars at more than 3,000 ratings ) , it not only detects ad modules , but also analytics , development , and licensing modules lookout ad network detector -- nomen est omen -- concentrates on the ad modules . its additional value is the ability to tell you exactly what data is being collected , and by whom . comparable rating ( 4.4 at > 3,000 ratings ) trustgo ad detector offers comparable features , and also gives you details on the ad networks ' behaviour and backgrounds . currently 4.5 at ~ 2,000 ratings . " root users " might also have heard of several ad-blocking apps ( e . g . adaway , adblock plus -- the latter not even requiring root ) , some of them able to not only " block by host/ip " , but directly de-activating the ad modules . well , those are no longer available on the playstore , as google has banned them . but you certainly will find them in other places on the web . make sure to select a trustworthy source , if you plan to make use of those . i recommend f-droid , which has its own " market app " with the same name , so you get updates as well . all apps there are open source and thus free of charge . and no , obviously no " hacked pro versions for free " , all fully legal and lawful : )
no , the stock android browser ( chrome ) does not have support for websocket . but other browsers e.g. opera has support for it in the latest release , but it is disabled . see compatibility tables for support of html5
the overflow menu for google now ( on all form factors , i believe ) is in the bottom right corner of the app instead of the top right , where most other applications put it . you need to make sure you have scrolled all the way to the bottom of your cards , though , because it shares the bar with the " show more cards . . . " button , which is hidden if your screen is full .
pattern , pin or password screen lock is required , because there were still user certificates stored in the device . go to settings -> security and pick clear credentials .
it is not an absolute answer , but if you go into settings , applications , manage applications . then press menu , select filter , and make sure that third-party is selected . anything in that list did not get onto your phone as part of the standard android install . they have either been added by your phone manufacturer , your phone network , or yourself . unfortunately some standard android apps show up in that list , if you have updated them from the market ( like google maps ) and a lot of manufacturer added apps do not show up . i have got a galaxy s too , but had a htc magic running stock android before . apps that i have spotted as obviously being modified/added by samsung are the music player app , camera app , contacts app , clock app , daily briefing , fm radio , video playermemo , mini diary , my files , samsung apps ( and everything listed in there ) , social hub , voice recorder , task manager . also a lot of the " look and feel " of the phone , including the way the 7 home screens , and the applications screens work has been added as part of samsung 's touch wiz interface . tl ; dr galaxy s has a lot of custom apps , easiest way to compare is probably actually to find someone with a stock phone ( like a nexus one ) and directly compare .
i would recommend , rather , using thunderbird as an imap client with the google contacts and lightning add-ons ( http://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/thunderbird/addon/7307 and http://mozilla.org/projects/calendar ) . you should be able to manage your contacts and calendar in thunderbird and sync with google . so then your thunderbird and phone will each synchronize to and from google .
in this thread on the t-mobile forums there are a few people talking about water damage indicators . the op mentions this : when i remove the back of the phone and the screen is face-down on a table , the triangle is just above the left side of the micro sd card door . it is visible even with the battery left in place . . . . which another person confirms is a water damage indicator . if you do not see any pink triangles i think you are in good shape . edit : does your phone look like this with the battery out ? because it looks to me like that white circle near the bottom right is the only water sensor on the body of the phone itself .
flashing a supersu update zip via recovery will override android 4.3 's built-in superuser . from then on , you can use supersu , but you will need to keep superuser enabled in settings .
if the kernel was not compiled with /proc/config . gz support turned on , then the only sure way is to look at the source tree that was used to compile the kernel you are running . copy the config . h file into your own source tree ( or just use the original source tree ) and run make menuconfig to set any new options you want .
i believe this is impossible . the headset requires power from the device . android versions before 3.1 state that they can not support powering the usb bus . from the developer guide : when the android-powered device is in host mode , it acts as the usb host and powers the bus . when the android-powered device is in usb accessory mode , the connected usb hardware ( an android usb accessory in this case ) acts as the host and powers the bus . usb accessory and host modes are directly supported in android 3.1 ( api level 12 ) or newer platforms . usb accessory mode is also backported to android 2.3.4 ( api level 10 ) as an add-on library to support a broader range of devices . device manufacturers can choose whether or not to include the add-on library on the device 's system image . unless there is a custom android os that supports usb host mode , i believe what i am trying to achieve is impossible
note : answering my own question as nobody knew . i did a packet capture after selecting menu -> accounts and sync -> auto-sync ( also accessible via the " power control " widget ) . what did i discover ? to my horror ( http requests from phone displayed below ) : and my contacts and calendar are being transmitted unencrypted ! i do not currently synchronize gmail so i could not say if that is unencrypted either . also the stock market application ( which must be a service because i do not have the widget displayed or the application active ) : completely unencrypted request for stock quotes : just think , you could sit in starbucks in the financial centre of your city and packet-sniff what quotes were important to all the smart phone users around you . . other items that were not encrypted : http request to htc.accuweather.com time request to time-nw.nist.gov:13 ( does not even use ntp ) about the only data that is encrypted on my phone are the mail accounts i set up with the k-9 application ( because all my mail accounts use ssl - and fortunately gmail accounts are , by default , ssl ; and yahoo ! mail supports imap using ssl too ) . but it seems none of the auto-sync'd data from the out-of-box phone is encrypted . this is on a htc desire z with froyo 2.2 installed . lesson : do not use phone on open wireless network without vpn encrypted tunnelling ! ! ! note , packet capture taken by using tshark on ppp0 interface on virtual node running debian connected to android phone via openswan ( ipsec ) xl2tpd ( l2tp ) .
hmm , difficult problem your only bet is rooting ; and app like droidwall which is front end for iptables . and then you would have to add rule that states block any app that is running in background . that i am not sure how to achieve .
i would start at the router and look there first . do a reboot of the router and see if it still happens . if it does , there should be logging in the admin of the router that you can turn on ( if its not already ) and maybe you can see something causing the drop . try getting wifi analyzer from the android market ( free ) to check if your router is on the same channel as other networks around you . try to put your router on the " clearest " channel .
ok , i finally found it . i need to click on " edit/modify " close to the e-mail addresses in the google account setting https://www.google.com/settings/ then the hidden nickname option appears . thank you for your suggestions .
this is what i ended up doing , just in case this might help someone else : i tried flashing cwm 5 for rfs file systems via odin . it is actually straightforward , and then the phone reboots normally . however , trying to get to the recovery mode fails . ( i am not sure how exactly , but it would not work for me , i think it hanged at the recovery screen with android written on it ) . ( i freaked out ) then i downloaded a stock rom ( indian , based on 2.3.6 ) from samfirmware . flashed it through odin again . the device reboots ( and takes some time ) and you are on 2.3.6 ! then i flashed cwm 5 for galaxy fit ( also from odin ) from the forums . it went smoothly . it will also boot into the stock rom , and into the recovery . from there , i did not really try to do a nandroid backup . ( i supposed it would fail ) . then i formatted /data , /cache , . . . then moved the update zip file ( the rom ) onto the sd card . and from recovery , installed it . it is really not a big deal , if you are worried as i was . a simple backup of all your user data and apps via titaniumbackup or similar , and your contacts synced to google or exported to the sd in csv format , and you will not even feel the transition .
i believe that matthew read is correct about there being no native way to sync this , and about locale 's ability to work around this , but i am going to suggest some cheaper and simpler alternatives to the $10 locale app : tasker ( $6.50 ) : basically the same as locale but cheaper . with this ( and probably locale ) you could set a profile that turns on autosync for only 5 minutes and repeats this every hour ( or whatever timeframe you want ) . also , tasker can use locale plugins . juicedefender ( free ) : i have used it before ( although never tried what you are trying to do ) and it is super easy to setup and use . it allows you to control total connectivity and app by app connectivity control . it also claims to allow you to schedule " synchronization events " , which i have never tried by sounds like it would control general and app specific syncing . sync schedule ( free ) : i do not think this will be as useful as the name suggests but if all else fails it is worth a shot . it allows you to set times for the autosync to turn off and on but i am not sure if it lets you set multiple time windows per day so this may be of limited use . also regarding your " is there any way to make it pause when i actually want to use the phone ? " question , the native android power control widget has an autosync as one of the options allowing you to toggle it on/off at will .
it is the same . at least in my setup ( htc desire s ) . the image i favorite end up in a gallery folder with the same name as the dropbox folder they are in . edit : the gallery app might play a big role in this . on some systems they are known to take quite a while to update etc .
here they say , installing samsung kies should solve the problem . i have not tried it yet , but it is available on samsung 's official website for their various phone models .
maybe this post from xda will answer your question . this is not an apn problem , it is a sim problem . your provider has one set of numbers on your card , and another set of numbers that actually identify the network , and they do not match . technically , from the phone 's point of view , you are roaming , even if it is the same provider . from the provider 's point of view , you are not roaming . up until cupcake , we had that same problem here in canada when using the " fido " network ( which is owned and operated by " rogers" ) . the network identified itself as " rogers " , the sim cards identify themselves as " fido " , the phone think 's its roaming . so ; you do not need to worry about roaming charges when you are actually connected to the correct network . but ; you do not have an easy to read display to tell you when you are really roaming , nor can you make configurations that are based on whether you are or are not roaming .
from the code comments : // ... Verify it matches one of the given public // keys.  you can not just use any old signature , that would defeat the purpose . apks , on the other hand , are intended to be created and distributed by anyone and the signature is ostensibly to verify the source rather than limit the source .
sum-up from the comments : warranty first , at least as of today and outside the eu , it is not possible to install a custom rom or even only root your phone without voiding your warranty . even if it can be done in a way not increasing a ( possibly existing ) " flash-counter": in case your device " bricks " for some reason , not giving you a chance to restore to " stock " , your custumizations would be found in the service center . existing custom-roms as said , here you might want to take a look into the question where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ? , which lists a lot of ressources where to find different custom roms . a good choice might be cyanogenmod , which is e.g. dealt with in the xda-developers thread about cyanogenmod for ace plus . to find more details , you can simply use this google search .
as long as your charger device deliveres the right voltage then you should be safe . the maximum current specification is how much ampare it can deliver before the voltage from your charger goes out of usb voltage specs or blows a fuse . i do not know how they have constructed the htc desire battery chargine part , but i would use your charger . they should have some current limiter for the battery in any case , or you could not charge your phone in an ordinary computer usb connection .
sshdroid does not need root , it is optional . every app can bind a socket on an not privileged port ( > 1024 ) . i am pretty sure that your ssh client parameters are wrong , the port especially . afaik you can not add the port via : to the hostname . try ssh root@ipofandroid -p 2222 instead . if you need more verbose output of the ssh binary , start it with -v , -vv or -vvv . this helps to figure out problems .
oh , i forgot about this . my brother came to me and jammed the jack in as far as it could physically go . the problem was fixed . . .
that strongly depends on the app used . unfortunately , since froyo ( android 2.2 ) the options " use location service " and " permit google to collect " are connected and undividable ( before you could chose them separately ) . so if an app uses the google framework 's location service to obtain position data , it will not work without that service enabled . if it accesses gps itself , it would work with or without . only way out of this trouble would be to root the device , and then use a permission protector like e.g. lbe privacy guard or pdroid privacy protection / pdroid manager , which let you decide on a per-app basis which app is permitted to access a service/certain data ( many possibilities here , not only location ) .
you did not explicitely mention it , but from the context i assume you are using a device with android 4.4 ( kitkat ) . with that , google " pimped " the dialer . phonearena writes on this in an article called google makes the dialer awesome again : this is why you want android 4.4 kitkat : i think the best new addition though comes in the changes to caller id , because that has been supercharged with google as well . now , any time you call a number , or receive a call from a number that can be matched to a google maps business record , google will show you that business name , and possibly a picture ( though that part of the feature has been a bit dodgy so far ) , instead of just the phone number . this means far fewer mystery phone numbers in your call history , and if you are like me , it means even more than that . ( emphasis mine ) also see android 4.4 kitkat dialer will add google+ caller id and enhanced search options for a second source , and androidpolice 's google does caller id : kitkat 4.4 matches numbers against google places , and starting in 2014 , google personal accounts for a third . if it is not that , you most likely have a callerid app ( pre- ) installed which does the same : matching numbers of incoming calls against some online database .
no . roms are always device specific . reasons are proprietary drivers for specific hardware components . for more details , you might wish to follow up to the rom tag-wiki , rom-flashing tag-wiki , and the sites/pages linked from there , e.g. is there an official android “google” rom ?
unlikely to be possible in this context , as dalvik cache has a fixed system-wide location ( /data/dalvik-cache ) . so you cannot have " linked apps place their dalvik cache directly on sd " . either all or nothing . take a look at the app2sd tag-wiki for alternative approaches which might allow to move the entire dalvik cache to your sdcard . but a selective move imho is impossible . remark : an exception to this general rule are odexed roms , where the .odex files sit in the same place as the app , at least for system apps . so there might be a way to do the same for " user apps " which i have missed . )
i would try backing up the data for one of the apps , then clearing it and seeing if it works afterwards . you could try just restoring /data/data/com.rovio.angrybirds/files/highscores.lua and see if that works . i do not have cut the rope so i do not know how its files work , sorry !
is your nexus 4 100% stock ? ( i.e. . no xposed module changes , or low-level tweaks like status bar mods and dpi changes ) . verification will fail if the system files on your device do not match factory/the expected ones . i had this happen to me several times with both my n4 and n5 . reverting the changes i made ( thankfully , they were not too many ) fixed it .
usually this space is taken up by various things that come with the device , like resources for the os , built-in apps , and just disk information . even formatting an 8 gb sd card will only get you 7.49 gb . that same logic would leave you with 30 gb , the rest is most likely the os , and various system resources .
i have found the problem . both the router and the phone was working correctly . the problem is with the wifi channels . according to wikipedia 's list of wlan channels , some places only allow channels 1-11 , some others 1-13 . devices will provide support accordingly . my router supports channels 1-13 , while the phone ( i guess ) supports channels 1-11 . so when the router uses channels 12 or 13 , the phone cannot detect the network ! solution ? buy another router which only support channels 1-11 . logon to your routers config through your browser to find whether the router supports limiting the channels . refer to your routers user manual on how to do this change the channel settings on the router to be manual ( i.e. not automatic ) , and somewhere in the range 1-11 ( preferably 1 or 6 or 11 ) .
connect your phone open the windows device manager open each relevant device ( if more than one is shown ) , choose " update driver " , and select android_winusb.inf
google inc . motorola mobility llc . nianticlabs@google ingress , fieldtrip waze waze nik software , inc . snapseed nest labs , inc . nest ( learning thermostat ) bitspin ( formerly team tasks ) timely , tasks bump technologies , inc bump virustotal virustotal android texttospeech listing these separately as they seem to be created within google , but were possibly personal projects/ 20% time projects , and are now retired and only accessible if you have previously installed one of the apps : google places directory team places directory google inc . android apps my maps editor by google
how do i password protect uninstalling apps from the play store ? this is not possible as of today . i have seen a few apps to help me along , but they do not protect from the play store being launched from inside a game through a commercial for example . such behavior is not made explicitly available to third-party apps , the ones that do exist today can only go so far in providing an " app-locker " . how do i password protect either the entire play store , or the removal of apps ? you can not , at least not in a way that accounts for all scenarios . you may keep searching for " app-locker " apps that attempt to do this and hope you find one that fits your needs . have you tried paranoid android 's lockit instead of going down this route , i would recommend you setup multiple user profiles on the tablet ( the assumption here being your tablet is running android 4.2 or greater ) . in a multi-user scenario , if one user uninstalls an app , it is only uninstalled within their profile . you may read more about it here
the colors of the rings will change gradually as they move around the clock . if you have seconds enabled you can see it pretty easily over the course of the minute . specifically , the color of the ring seems to progress through the spectrum of visible light in order from lowest frequency to highest . that is , it goes in the same pattern as a rainbow 's colors : red-> orange-> yellow-> green-> blue-> indigo-> violet ( roygbiv ) . then the cycle starts over again near the top of the clock . that is how it looks on my phone , anyway . i am not 100% positive if the other rings follow the same color pattern or if it is just the seconds ring , but the inner rings seem to be properly colored for their lengths ( as in , at the point where the seconds ring reaches the end of one of the inner rings , they are both the same color ) .
in my htc desire i find it under : settings-> wireless and networks -> wifi settings press menu and select advanced here i can see option to use static ip by selecting " use static ip "
it appears the message is initially logged to my phone , and tablet , as google says " hey there is a new mmessage fofor you . " once i start in on the convo it only runs on the one device .
the likeliest culprit for your high latency is first and foremost the fact that you are using a wireless carrier 's network , which are notorious for their high ping times . switching from one carrier to another probably would not solve your problem , and even if you went from a 3g contract to 4g you probably would not see that much of an improvement , especially as more and more people start buying 4g capable devices . additionally trying to do something as data-intensive as play world of warcraft over your cell carrier 's network is never going to feel right . games like that rely heavily on low response times and are best left for wired broadband connections .
annotations are unfortunately not supported on android at this time : notes annotations appear on standard youtube players and embedded players . annotations do not appear on custom youtube chromeless players . annotations do not appear in video playbacks taking place on mobile , tablet and tv devices . someone from google has evidently acknowledged this feature request , but i do not believe there is any kind of timeline for its implementation ( or official word that it , in fact , will be implemented ) .
the app 's homepage at http://digitalsquid.co.uk/netspoof/ lists the requirements needed for the app to work : requirements network spoofer runs on android devices with the following requirements : which are rooted ( ‘su’ ) . have an sd card ( or internal storage ) with > 450mb spare space . which has wifi so i would start by double-checking how much free space you have on your device . then it lists the currently supported ( and unsupported ) models : supported devices currently network spoofer has been thoroughly tested on these devices : samsung galaxy nexus htc nexus one t-mobile g1 it is reported working on these devices , as well as working on most other devices : lg optimus 2x huawei u8150d htc hero droid bionic samsung galaxy s / s ii samsung infuse 4g however , network spoofer doesn’t currently work with : droid / droid 2 / droid x motorola atrix many other devices should and probably will work , but please report any odd behaviour or crashes , so i can get this working with more devices . your device unfortunately is not on the list of currently supported devices , which means that the app 's author does not guarantee that it will work for you . if you follow the bug reporting link there are ways there for you to provide the dev with more information , so that they can try to get things working on your device . but before you go there , have a look at network spoofer 's faq page which does list some common problems , and some ways to get round them , or what additional information you can provide to help get the problem fixed . finally there is currently an open bug report about network spoofer not working on an s4 , with the same error message that you are getting , that does list how the reporter of the bug got it to work : i had the same problem when trying to run bt5 on my phone using the complete linux installer app , but solved the problem by changing the script from the file bootscript . sh ( attached ) to the combination of the 4 other files ( installbt first , then startbt , and bt , then stopbt to unmount everything ) . the chroot command is located in the bt script . that could be worth trying ( you will need to visit the bug report to see the attached files ) .
i ended up spotting the offending program via battery usage . there was one app that was showing a lot of battery use even though i was not doing anything with it ( newsrob ) . i killed that and everything 's been fine since .
in my previous experience , i have always had problems downloading with chrome . i would try a different browser like boat browser or dolphin browser .
yes , it is possible . need a file manager w/root first , you need a file manager that has root access . personally i use es file explorer . within es file explorer , you will need to enable root access ( it is under the tools part on the left menu ) . all users will need to have signed in all users must have had to signin at least once to create their partitions . else , you will not see them . browse the exact location is : /storage/emulated/* # Android &lt;= 4.4.3 /mnt/shell/emulated/* # Android &gt;= 4.4.4 (actually, it may be 4.4.3 too)  where * is the userid . i am not sure how to get the user id , but on my tablets with 3 users it shows up as : /mnt/shell/emulated/0 # owner account /mnt/shell/emulated/10 # first user I created /mnt/shell/emulated/11 # second user I created  from what i gather for userids , it goes in order that i created the users . 0 = the first original owner account . then each account goes up from there ( 10 , 11 , 12 , etc ) . note : if your file manager does not have root permissions ( meaning the app itself must request root access ) , then when you enter one of the directories above , they will be blank . this is telling you that your file manager does not have root access - you need a file manager that knows how to request root access .
found a solution that worked for me . from this page : go to settings> application manager> all> google text to speech engine instead of disabling it entirely , hit " clear data " note : this solution may or may not be permanent ( i have a feeling when i next actually use a feature with voice , it will re-enable ) , but it is easily repeatable at need . it is mostly viable for me because i do not use such features terribly often . if you use maps every day or whatever you might need to find a different answer .
i assume you have a screen like this one ? there is a way to disable the so called " fullscreen landscape keyboard " . some custom roms have feature an option by default , but not cyanogenmod . what you could try is to download the xposed framework and disable that fullscreen landscape keyboard through xposed modules like " gravity box " or " xblast tools " . those two modules also feature a lot of other useful tweaks . i hope i understood you correctly and that this will be helpful . edit : those two modules i mentioned above may be a bit confusing at first . so i would rather recommend this module instead : no fullscreen keyboard xposed - android apps on google play
not sure about keyboard font but maybe you can change the font in apps . check out this link - custom fonts in apps . and also this link - custom fonts in apps 2 . link 2 is from external site .
no in fact there is the Knox void warranty flag that will be set to 0x1 if you are on the 4.3 . knox is not yet really understanded but so far something is sure , if you flash any rom that does not contains the knox security ( official or not official ) it will void your warranty . so even if you flash a 4.2.2 version of stock rom from samsung it will set the knox void warranty to 0x1 and your phone will not be supported by samsung . edit 1 : well according to comment , it might be possible to avoid the change of th knox flag , with the root method from root de la vega . but still if you are in usa ( where voiding warranty with a simple logical flag is possible ) be carefull while proceding because it still tricky . souce : xda forum about knox behaviour
mouse cursor graphics can be located in the framework-res.apk . specifically , res/drawable-x/pointer_arrow.png inside the apk file where x ( suffix of drawable ) is pixel density class of your device .
the hardware and software support sms , but not calling . the most likely explanation is that your contract is a data-only contract and sms messaging is disabled by your operator . there is a chance , however , that the problem is your sms settings . you can check these by opening Messaging , then open Settings from the top right corner and check that the Message center under Text message (SMS) settings is correct . the message center number is network specific , so check it from another phone that uses the same network or ask your operator .
solved by using manual method , searching and do " trial and error " on each files .
check out the free version of ' groove ip lite ' in the play store . the free version utilizes google voice over wifi only , but that is all you are asking for so you should be golden .
the problem is not that a file already exists at that path : it is that the app you are trying to install is already installed on the phone . have you previously tried to install superuser as a normal app ? you need to uninstall it before you can root the phone . uninstall it in the usual way from settings → apps . in addition , the motochopper exploit only works up to the 4.2.2 firmware for the galaxy s4 ( and only s4 variants with the snapdragon chipset , not exynos-based ones ) . if you have already updated to 4.3 or 4.4 , this exploit can not work . you need to use another method , for example unlocking the bootloader the conventional way ( though if the phone is carrier-branded the carrier probably has disabled unlocking the bootloader ) .
it depends on how the particular recovery you will choose to install handles user data . most recent versions of commonly used recovery images ( e . g . twrp and clockworkmod ) recognize the need to keep certain portions of internal memory on devices without removable storage . on such devices the /sdcard mount point is still present , but is pointing to /data/media partition instead . when doing a regular factory reset , this /data/media partition is left untouched . if you really wish to clear that area as well , in clockworkmod recovery , for example , you would need to navigate to mounts and storage and use the format /data and /data/media(/sdcard) option .
you can lock a particular message in your conversation so you do not accidentally delete that . the check box is for those messages . see following screen-shots - first long tap on the message you want to lock , and select lock . the message should be now locked and a lock icon should appear at the bottom . now when you delete the conversation the message was in , the locked message would not get deleted if the check-box is not selected .
here is how i solved both problems : 1 ) remove battery and reboot . two times because it was still behaving strange the first time . 2 ) remove files little by little , until i found the problematic file , called %01.%02 , i recognized its content as a tile from the maverick map app ( which i have not launched so it is more of a random casualty ) . anyway , i renamed that file to a.a. and then deletion was successful .
short answer : no . longer answer : the thumb-drive version of ubuntu is for x86 processors . there are ways to run ubuntu in android , all of them requiring a ubuntu port with an arm architecture . search for complete linux installer in the play store for basic stuff . it will rum on top of android in a virtualized environment , and you can connect to its environment and everything . just download the image and put it on your flash drive instead .
as far as i know , they are stored under : data/data/com.android.chrome/app_chrome/default/bookmarks
hey i got solution after giving lot of time on this problem . this is the defect of samsung software . actually every software version is linked with some number . but it not send any sms to that number . because of licence , security reason they need to linked every version to particular number . if some problem occur in mobile phone then only it communicate with this number . but in some particular software there is some defect that is why it send sms when new sim inserted into mobile . the solution is go to your nearest samsung service center and update your software .
pictures , videos , downloads , and music are all stored on the sd card by default . you can get at them by popping your sd card into any card reader . ( probably have to get an adapter ) app settings are stored on the phone . but if those apps support google 's backup service those settings will be restored on your new phone .
this is a documented bug related to tethering between intel wireless and qualcomm s4 based mobile phones , leading to disconnection or bsod . it has been documented here and discussed here .
see my answer here on some ways to save battery power on your phone .
as of version 4.8.2 you can automatically synchronise to dropbox ( or box .net) with each scheduled backup : go to schedules in the main menu select a schedule or create a new one fiddle with the time settings to your heart 's content select " sync to dropbox " in the " when finished:" combo box at the bottom . could also be a good idea to adjust the " connectivity modes " to synchronise over wi-fi only in the settings to avoid unnecessary data charges ( if applicable ) .
as can be seen in this video from the google i/o conference , in jelly bean applications can no longer read the system log for other applications , they can only read their own log . this has broken most ( all ? ) system log readers , here 's a blog post from a developer of such an application talking about how it has affected his application . the only way to have an app read other apps system log entries when using jelly bean is to root the phone . although other apps can not read the log files it is apparently possible to do it from the pc , try giving logshark a go .
most ( if not all ) custom roms deliberately prevent over-the-air updates from carriers/manufacturers . this is done both to prevent incompatibilities during the upgrade process , and to avoid losing root . with that said , some custom roms do offer ways to be notified of updates . for example , for roms that are integrated with rom manager update notifications are available through that app ( available for the premium version only though . ) other roms may even include their own update notification built-in . this is really up to the developer of a given rom , and you should be able to find this information on the rom 's support thread . after the initial rooting and installation procedure , upgrading a rom to a newer version is quite easy : download rom 's update . zip file and place it on the root of your sd card . reboot device to recovery ( clockworkmod in this case . ) perform a nandroid backup . this step is not strictly necessary , but highly recommended in case something goes wrong during the update process , or if you just are not happy with a new version . if that happens you can always restore a previous backup to get your device back to a fully functional version . clear cache and dalvik-cache partitions . again , not really necessary , but in some cases this helps prevent issues with installed 3rd-party ( and system ) apps in case the updated rom changes things around too much . apply the update . pick the zip file you downloaded in step 1 and wait for the update to complete . flash the gapps package . optional , if you want the play store , google talk and other google experience apps . you have to do this step each time you upgrade the rom , since the /system partition gets formatted as part of the update process . reboot . the first boot after rom update will take a long time ( 5+ minutes , ) depending on how many apps you have installed . this is because the dalvik-cache gets gets rebuilt . after this you should be all set .
this is usual android disconnection response . it is to do with your phone checking in with the closest antenna when you end a call . perhaps this will help explain the speed a little : http://images.cellphones.org/cell_phone_calls.jpg p.s. i just hit end call then home or lock screen and put it in my pocket :- )
i was able to install google play services by browsing to its page at https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.gms and then logging in , clicking install , and choosing my phone . come to think of it , i might start installing more apps this way , from the comfort of a desktop browser . : ) anyway , i am able to use the google+ app again . i am still puzzled by the " no connection " business and having to periodically downgrade play to market to install anything from my phone running android 2.2 , but i am glad i did not have to root it and install cyanogenmod as suggested by some friends .
no , you are pretty much out of luck . once you update , you have that version and cannot go back . i do not know your android knowledge , but , if you have the apk file for a previous version , you can " sideload " the application on to the device ( unless you have at and t ) . but that is a bit more complicated if you never done it before . it requires the drivers for your pc , copy the file to the sdcard , and then " open " the apk file with an file manager , which will then launch the package installer .
individual apps might have settings for font size , but i do not think android 2.2 included any system-wide settings for changing the default font size . check the market for a third-party contact list app that allows you to change that setting .
broadcom did not specify it , it could be any from this list , search for the gps category . galaxy y uses the broadcom bcm21553 which is arm11 . based on this , i conclude it uses the bcm4751 gps module . you can also try this ussd codes that might reveal some information .
there is no official way of installing the default keyboard if it is not installed by the manufacturer . however , there may be unofficial ways using files stripped from other devices or compiled from aosp . there are some keyboards on google play , see for example keyboard from android 2.3 , which claims to be like the default keyboard from android 2.3 . another way of getting the default keyboard may be installing another rom . i think hardware makers would install their own keyboards if they think that they are superior to the default one , for example because they better work on the screen size of a device .
ok , so it is quite obvious that your phone is receiving 3g service ( likely edge/umts ) , not just the 2g gprs service . gprs is simply not capable of the speeds you are getting . since you have called the carrier and had them check , it is their problem . i would say just go with it and enjoy the free service . do not let them charge you for it if they figure it out later , since you did try to make them aware . if you are worried about it just call again and make the situation really clear .
yes you can , you will need to create a different " calendar " ( probably " tag " would be a better name , but that is google 's terms for it ) . creating a calendar ( do this from the desktop , i did not found a way to do it from android 's calendar app ; do anyone know ? ) : go to http://www.google.com/calendar . look for the " my calendars " box on the left , click on " add " fill in the information , and click create calendar . you can change the color later from " my calendars " box , by clicking on the triangular button . adding events to calendar ( can be done from android ) : on the " create new event " view , choose the calendar you have just made from " calendar " combobox .
if you have " wifi-sleep " on , when the device goes to sleep , the wifi connection will disconnect from the access point . it does not happen right as the device goes to sleep , but a little delay after . it should not drain the battery much more then just having wifi on . of course , if you have very network active apps running , then it may drain it a bit more . but on the other side , if wifi goes to sleep , and you have network active apps , they will just use your mobile connection , if it is available .
according to this question on stack overflow iptables is available in android source distribution . users of retail android devices cannot access iptables binary . even android os itself cannot access that binary . this is hard-coded in android . many devices also do not have iptables at all . the only way to access iptables binary is to build your own android images . check out http://randomizedsort.blogspot.com/2010/08/building-android-and-linux-kernel-for.html . once you get comfortable with that process , check out http://randomizedsort.blogspot.com/2011/03/porting-iptables-1410-to-android.html . iptables is a default module in aosp , you can use netfilter to write c code to handle that . for example , you can create an android project , and write a jni file , use ndk-build to compile that , and then adb push the executable to the android file system to execute . and in the mobile end , you can adb shell to it , directly use iptables command as a root user , just like in linux . to check if your device supports iptables : issue the following command in adb shell or in terminal emulator : iptables -L -t nat  alternatively you could try the beta of ip tables app on google play to see if it does what you want . there is also droid wall that you could try . it supports scripts that may help , e.g. $IPTABLES -A "droidwall" --destination "192.168.0.1" -j RETURN 
there is no such thing as an " i747 t999" . the i747 is the model used by at and t . there is no relevant difference between the i747 and the i747m used by bell and telus , or the i747r used by rogers . they are identical as far as software or repairs are concerned . the t999 is a different model used by t-mobile , wind mobile , and possibly others . the only real difference is the supported frequency bands , though this means they are not intercompatible for roms . casings are identical , as are common parts like the camera or screen . i would presume that by " i747 t999" , they mean the part is compatible with both the i747 model and the t999 model , which it should be , as the physical form of them is identical .
make a backup of your data first . every folder and file in the /sdcard/data directory is 0 bytes . this looks like a corrupted filesystem or a defective sdcard ( see correction ) . especially , folders have a usual minimum size of 4.0k . i would suggest you to back up your data first , then check for errors : does " dmesg " show filesystem errors on mmcblk0 or similar ? if so try to backup , reformat sdcard ( see correction ) and restore or replace the faulty sdcard . ( edit ) correction : the galaxy nexus has no sdcard but a unified ext4 filesystem for /data that also includes /sdcard ( which is symlinked to /data/media ) . you might solve the problem with a wipe . but that will also delete all of your /sdcard content too . you might have luck entering recovery and adb'ing into it to fsck . ext4 your /data partition , i am however not sure if your rom supports this command <code> # boot to recovery first ! adb shell cat /proc/partitions # look for the biggest one and replace the ? ? accordingly fsck . ext4 /dev/block/mmcblk ? ? ? </code> here 's an external report about a similar issue : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1541379
from what you said in the comments above , there is a way to change the text colour and the icon colours along with the colour / transparency of the status bar . it requires a rooted phone unfortunately but once rooted download wanam xposed from the play store here is a link wanam xposed work 's on samsung android 4.2+ so you should not have any issues once this is installed it will ask you to install the xposed framework , do not be alarmed it is required and will not harm your phone . once the framework is installed you will be prompted to enable wanam xposed from the new xposed installer , if not you can simply click on xposed installer , click modules and wanam xposed should appear and check the checkbox . now go on wanam xposed , note everytime you make a change it will only appear after a reboot ! you can now go on theme and click either background color ( or colour as it should be : ) ) and this will enable you to select a colour for the status bar , or you can click on the following circle battery color stock battery text color signal icons color clock and date color status bar icons color ( remaining icons ) each of these will change the icons instead of the status bar background colour hope this helps !
you cannot execute either binary or shell script that resides on the external sdcard due to the execute permission bit being blocked . either move the script temporarily to a location other than sdcard ( if you are not rooted - you are in a bit of a spot there . . . ) after reading the posting on xda , it would appear that something is amiss , notify the developer of that forum and post it there and see what response you get : ) edit : you have that external sdcard treated as mass-storage device . turn that off and see what happens ( had to read all of the thread and some one posted - see #18 there ! )
go to settings -> apps , swipe to all , scroll and press launcher , then select clear data . your home screen is as good as new : ) update : as suggested by chahk below , a good way to avoid cluttering your homescreen is by going to the play store then going to menu -> settings and un-checking the auto-add widgets option .
asus released an update , and it is been 2 weeks since it happened
un-installing the app and installing it back again , fixed it .
mhl is a new wire protocol , using very clever signalling technology to use very few wires to transmit a lot of data : 1080p video , 7.1 channel surround sound , and rcp remote control data . mhl also uses the existing power lines on usb to allow the tv to power the connected device . when connected to an mhl display , the display controller on the phone speaks the mhl protocol just like it would speak the hdmi protocol to an hdmi display . the mhl standard itself is just the signalling protocol : it does not specify what connectors are used . this allows the micro-usb connector on a phone to detect when it is being used for mhl , and switch to speaking the mhl protocol . apart from the connector , there is no relationship between mhl and usb , so you can not use a usb hub : the cable has to connect directly to the device . hdcp hdcp on mhl works in exactly the same way as over an hdmi or displayport connection : the intention is that only consuming devices with a valid , unrevoked device key can perform key exchange and thus decipher the content . see the wikipedia page on hdcp if you want to learn about that , or about why the intended behaviour is not the actual behaviour . mhl connections there are three types of cable . the first is not an adaptor at all : it is just a cable for connecting an mhl producer such as a phone to an mhl consumer such as a tv . you can only use this if your tv supports mhl and has the appropriate connector . the second is the 5-pin micro-usb-to-hdmi adaptor you have mentioned . you can still only use this if your tv supports mhl , but it means the tv does not need a special port . it does not use the hdmi protocol , or convert any signals : it is just a cable with a micro-usb connector on one end and an hdmi connector on the other . the third is the 11-pin micro-usb-to-hdmi adaptor . this is needed for newer samsung phones , which are incompatible with the 5-pin adaptors . only the connection to the device is different : as far as the tv is concerned , it works the same as the 5-pin adaptor , and the tv must still support mhl . as you have surmised , the use for the extra pins is that 11-pin cables support using usb-on-the-go at the same time : the adaptor is y-shaped , with a micro-usb connector at one end , and hdmi and micro-usb connectors at the other . the usb part works as normal and can be used with hubs , either in host mode or peripheral mode . displaylink the other thing you have seen , a " usb to hdmi convertor " , is for pcs . software running on the pc acts as an extra framebuffer , and uses proprietary compression technology to compress the video stream so that it can be sent on a normal usb link . the compression protocol is secret , and optimized for sending computer guis rather than movies . the hdmi end of the convertor has enough processing power inside it to decompress the stream into a framebuffer , which it sends over hdmi to the connected screen . the technology is developed and owned by displaylink ( formerly newnham technologies ) , based near me in cambridge , gb . because they rely heavily on software running on the producer , they do not support android , and likely never will . and because the compression protocol is secret and proprietary , the open-source community will not be able to supply a driver either . these devices use the standard usb protocol , so they work with hubs , but of course any delay or bandwidth contention caused by other devices will make the display laggy and add compression artifacts .
as far as i know this is not really possible . but there are apps available in the play store that implement a panic button where you can place a button on your home screen ( and maybe also your lock screen , but i have not it yet ) . one of those apps i found is red panic button . but you can also have a look in the play store yourself if you search for something like panic button etc .
it was hard to take screenshots on 1st generation kindle fire tablet . you had to android sdk etc and connect to your computer etc just to take a screenshot . we are used to print screen function on computers . how to take screenshot of kindle fire hd or kindle fire 2 1 . press and hold volume down and power buttons simultaneously . your kindle fire screen flickers and takes a snapshot of tablet screen . you can find the saved screenshot images in photos > screenshots . make sure to select device tab at the top as shown below . you can send saved screenshot via email , skype etc . i did not any option to send them via bluetooth . it seems kindle fire has limited sharing options .
i do not think there is a way to disable market update notifications for a single app right now . in order to disable update notifications for all apps in the market , open the market app , press the menu button , choose settings . in the notification drop down , select do not notify me .
digging into the packagemanagerservice class on grepcode ( warning : this class file is huge , your browser may chug a fair bit when rendering it ) , the optimizing message is displayed in the following context : here the value of com.android.internal.R.string.android_upgrading_apk is the string " optimizing application " . in layman 's terms , it loops through each application on the device , updates the message on the screen by calling showBootMessage() and then calls performDexOptLI() on the application . so naturally , the next question is " what does performDexOptLI() do ? " well here 's what that looks like : so this invokes the dexopt utility on all of the applications that need it . it is difficult to find any simple documentation regarding dexopt , but there is a high-level overview here . suffice it to say , it is being used by the just in time ( jit ) compiler to create optimized . dex files that help improve the performance of the apps on your device and it outputs them into the vm cache . the reason it stores the . dex files in the cache is because otherwise it would have to re-extract them any time you want to run the app ( the . apk is just an archive , it is not an executable file ! ) . thus , it makes sense to just keep them in the /data/dalivk-cache directory to reuse them , and dexopt performs some optimizations during the initial extraction while it is at it . tl ; dr ( or non-programmer summary , i guess ) : it is rebuilding the dalvik cache .
this is not built-in functionality , but it is something you could achieve with a trigger/event app such as tasker . this kind of app runs in the background , and lets you configure certain actions to take ( such as turning off the ringer ) when certain events occur ( such as seeing a particular wi-fi network ) . tasker 's not the only such app , but it is very complete and has some users who contribute to this site , which means that if you have questions setting it up you can probably get them answered here . see tasker .
it is possible that the usb cable is designed for charging only ( i.e. . not a data cable ) , or is of poor quality . off-topic : although not a usb cable , i have encountered otg cables that could not detect a usb drive . in this case , it was a poor ( or defective ) otg cable ; other cables were able to detect the usb drive . related posts ( external ) : all micro usb cables are not created equal ?
as you have already tested , trying out different browsers might be a good alternative . i suggest you try either boat browser or dolphin browser . my stand for chrome browser still remains . it is still an immature browser , and lacks many features / add-ons that are available in other browsers .
the skype application description in the market lists the list of devices that supports video calling . as of skype 2.5.0.108 , video calling is supported on these tablets : samsung galaxy tab 7 ( wifi , verizon , sprint , plus ) htc flyer samsung galaxy tab 10.1 ( t-mobile ) acer iconia tablet ( a500 ) motorola xoom acer iconia smart devices that are not listed may still be able to do video calling , but skype says that the video quality may not be as good as on supported devices . check out skype 's application description page for the latest list of supported devices .
i think what you want is the my orders page . this is reachable from the play store web site by under the " gear " menu in the upper right . i see all of the things i have purchased from google play , including apps , music , etc . for what it is worth , there does not appear to be a way to get a list of your orders from within the play store app . however , i do see a list of transactions in my google wallet app , although admittedly they are not all necessarily from the play store .
if you have not opened the application in a while , it will naturally disappear from the list of recent apps . try opening it with the widget and then going back to the home screen . if gmail is once again under you list of recent apps , you just have not opened it in a while . if it does not appear at all , then the widget you are using does not add gmail as a recent app .
backup your apps using astro file manager or mybackuppro or titanium backup . then perform a factory reset to wipe everything . finally , from the backups , restore the apps , but not the data . ( most backup apps allow you to do this . ) be warned that some apps store data on the storage card , so a fresh install might still pick up the old data off your sd card . be sure to erase your sd card too .
judging from other apps , i would suspect the answer to be samsung printers only . that being said , hp has eprint , but google 's cloud print offers printing for older models of printers as well regardless of make .
i have found that cyanogenmod has something like this , but i did not really want to install that just for easier volume controls . i found that there is an xposed module called gravitybox that includes this . it included a lot of other stuff that i did not care about too , but thankfully someone extracted this specific feature and repackaged it as expandablevolume . i installed that , and it works great now ! ! example 1 example 2
summarized answer : the main issue your facing is that you are using smartassv2/ondemandx that was developed for stock kernels . but you are using it with a non stock kernel , the cyanogenmod 7.2 . see bellow a summary for each of them . useful reading : a beginner’s guide to android kernels smartassv2/ondemandx governors stock kernel is the factory firmware . if you are using smartassv2/ondemandx governors , they are modules for phones with stock kernels because they do not have ' smartass ' or ondemandx ' governors : xda developers forum :: smartassv2/ondemandx governors for rooted/stock rom | 2012-02-24 last updated : by andyx ; 16th may 2012 at 07:47 am . this modules are for people with stock kernels because they do not have ' smartass ' or ondemandx ' governors . differences between this modules and build in stock kernels : allows to set max cpu freq when screen is off ( to save battery ) , allows to set starting cpu freq when phone awakes ( to speed up awake process ) , allows set/change almost all aspects of governor ( to suite needs ) , should be a bit more responsive when parameters are well chosen for smartassv2 governor . cyanogenmod 7.2.0-rc1 the current cyanogenmod 7.2.0-rc1 u8160 port status is stable , but there are some known issues reported . already fixed reboot related issues : v0.9 ( 20120203 ) : hotfix 4test5 [ 21 feb ] : revert longterm patches due to random reboot issue . v0.7 - 22 january 2012: kernel stability fix ( disabled sched_hrtick due to instability/random reboot issue ) . note : check your version . the latest is v1.3 released at 2012-06-25 . use the link bellow to get detailed information about the development and what users are reporting . if you have got a version above v0.9 , consider reporting your issue , thus allowing the developer to deal with it . if your version is not the latest , consider changing to it . xda developers forum :: huawei u8160/u8180 cyanogenmod 7.2.0-rc1 u8160 port latest release : v1.3 last updated : by psyke83 ; 25th june 2012 at 01:57 pm . thread responses : 3830
we do not compare apples with peaches . but it is always a good idea to be careful what you install . true , google play is to be considered one of the safest sources for android apps . still , some malware sneaks in every now and then . so you should use some common sense before hitting the " install " button . things to look at include ( but might not be restricted to ) : what permissions are required ? though not always easy to decide , there are some things which can count as indicators – e.g. taking a simple calculator app , it certainly does not need access to your contacts , calendars , system settings , etc . how is it rated ? i am not talking about " naked numbers " , but check the comments . they might give you useful hints on whether it is safe to install . also , an app installed several thousands of times with no traces of maliciousness in the comments should be considerably safer than an app with almost no installs and no comments . should it be a very popular app , but only has few installs ? that is in most cases a clear indicator for malware , hiding behind a popular name . better keep your hands off those . aside of that : in case you are still unsure , pick a good forum and ask . another good idea is to check other apps from the same developer ( just follow the link on his name ) , and use above criteria on them .
this is definitely due incompatibilites between the ril and the baseband/modem firmware . the ril or the radio-interface layer are the libraries ( shared-objects ) that allow the phone to talk with the modem firmware . i found this issue on the cyanogemod jira : https://jira.cyanogenmod.org/browse/cyan-2172 if you read the comments , you will see that people have solved this issue by flashing a compatible firmware . since i am now running cyanogenmod 11 , i dug around xda and found a leaked 4.4 firmware for my device . it was packed in a cwm-flashable zip so i flashed it and voila . please remember to backup your device , your current modem/baseband and the ril files . flashing a new ril is not necessary always but helps .
as david said , you can restore an unsupported app from a previous backup , or you can restore the data of that app ( e.g. saves in a game ) . when you install an app from the play store , you are limited to what is available for your country ( unless you are rooted then there some ways to go around it ) and even if you install an app that you previously had , the data will not be restored . google play store just backs up your apps names so when you restore through the play store , the data is not restored .
not that i have found . it is just different names for the same phone . ( a pretty standard marketing practice . ) some more info here : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/htc_dream
it should be located under android settings > location and security . but you need apps that support this feature in order to make full use of it . if you have a google apps or an exchange account your admin will be able to use the corresponding features like password reset etc . certain apps ( examples : llama / widgetlocker / wavesecure ) when made as device administrators are then allowed a higher level of access to system features .
they are stored in /mnt/shell/emulated/  i have just created a restricted profile and it created a new folder in there with the name "10" , the main admin users folder is "0" . you should be able to copy the files into the relevant place within these folders to get mine craft to pick them up . ( this was done on the 2012 nexus 7 but i do not think it will be any different )
short answer : no ! that would cause the handset to boot-loop or cause f/c ( force close ) as ice cream sandwich and later , their apps are relying on the v4 . x framework . by bringing it across to gingerbread could spell disaster and " weird " issues with the handset . however , bringing across gingerbread 2.3 . x apps across to ice cream sandwich should work , ( paradox ahead . . . ) as ics upwards would have compatibility layer within their framework for running apps that target below ics ! hope this part makes sense !
i got solution : i just clean battery node and it is work .
some network-branded devices use a virtual cd-rom device to supply their own tethering software . if your phone 's tethering is not restricted and the device created is empty , i would say it is safe to ignore it .
what the phone 's essentially asking you here is , do you want to use only 2g data networks , only 3g data networks , or automatically switch between them depending which is best ? the gsm setting will give you access to 2g ( and 2.5g ) data networks using gprs or edge data standards and speeds . wcdma will give you access to 3g networks ( using either normal 3g or hsdpa standards and speeds ) . the normal setting would be auto , which lets the phone automatically select the best ( normally fastest ) data network that it can pick up in the area that you are currently in , but as this involves using all the 2g and 3g chips and antennae this uses more power than forcing the phone to always use one or the other . the downside to picking gsm is that it will stop your phone connecting to high speed 3g data networks , but will save power as the 3g ( wcdma ) chips and antenna will not be used . the downside to picking wcdma is that it will stop your phone from using 2g networks at all ( so if you are in an area with no 3g support , then your phone will have no data signal ) but if you are in an area that you know has good 3g signal , then selecting this will save power .
if you really just want to remove it ( which , fair warning , may cause problems with the system ; i have no idea ) you can : use adb to delete the . apk file : adb shell rm /system/app/Camera.apk . you may need to first elevate to root ( adb shell and then su from the shell ) . use titanium backup to uninstall it a potentially safer route that people take is to use titanium backup pro to " freeze " the app , causing it to essentially act as though it is uninstalled without actually removing it ( so it can be " defrosted " later if needed ) . this does require the pro version , though .
it looks like your phone tries to build a 3g connection only if packet data is enabled . after all , 2g is just fine for voice and texts . but unsuccessfully trying to create a connection when there is no network costs a lot of power . in my experience , phones normally cope just fine with that . my theory is that the 2g signal normally contains some sort of flag that indicates whether there is also a 3g signal . the 2g repeater would incorrectly send this flag -- possibly because the tower it gets its signal from sends it too . thus your phone wastes energy trying to connect to a signal that only exists somewhere else . if you cannot ( or do not want to ) replace the repeater by a more sophisticated model , you should turn off 3g altogether while in your office . gsm phones have a setting in Wireless &amp; networks -> Mobile networks -> Network Mode that lets you switch between wdcma ( 3g ) and gsm ( 2g ) . i do not know what the setting looks like on a cdma phone . you can probably automate this with tasker if you do want to use 3g where it is possible . alternatively you could use a widget to change the setting manually without having to go to the settings menu . one app that provides a widget for this is widgetsoid .
in froyo and later , there is a " cursor handle " that you can grab and drag to the right location . now this photo doesnt show it , but the actual cursor is still there blinking too . that handle will also bring up a quick action menu to select text or paste . and once text is selected , you can copy and cut too .
summing up the solution from above comments : fixing up the possibly broken build.prop file you do not need to mount your sdcard to revert your changes . if you can boot into recovery , and access the device via adb shell , you can do so and replace your edited build.prop file with the backup copy you have created ( using the cp command ) , thus restoring the state of before your edit . example , assuming you have named your backup build.prop.bak and placed it in the same place as the original : keep in mind the file ends with " prop " , which is short-hand for " properties " -- not " prob " as short-hand for " probabilities : ) if it still not boots : uninstall the last app installed as the first part did not solve the problem here , it might be the app installed ( facebook home in our case ) is causing trouble on the device it was not intended for . so let 's kick it out . boot into recovery again , get your adb ready , and # uninstall the app # adb shell pm uninstall &lt;package_name&gt; adb shell pm uninstall com.facebook.home # reboot the device adb reboot  this finally solved it . as a factory-reset was done , how was the app able to survive that ? this was an after-thought to the entire issue . a possible explanation lies in the fact that the factory-reset complained about the sdcard not being able to mount . so if parts of the app got installed to the card , they might have survived there . unlikely as this is ( after all , apps on sdcard should not be able to cause boot issues , as the card is mounted only after boot_completed ) , i see no other explanation ( comments welcome , i can include them here if wished for ) . this lead to another question : should i remove the external sd card to protect it from factory reset ? normally , a factory reset should not touch the external sdcard . but " better safe than sorry": if it should not be touched normally , it should not matter whether it is in the device or not , so it should not hurt to remove it before the factory reset . however : if you use ( d ) app2sd , there is a special directory called .android_secure on the sdcard holding the ( encrypted ) parts of the " moved apps " . after a factory reset . the system does not know of them -- so when re-installing such an app , it might lead to problems . thus when removing the card before doing a factory reset , make sure to remove the .android_secure directory from the card ( using a card reader and your computer ) before re-inserting it again .
the sdk needs to be run as admistrator to be able to write those files . just retry and run it with elevated rights .
the wl1271 wifi chip in the droid 2 does not support 5.0 ghz networks , so there is sadly no possibility of a workaround . its " better cousin " , the wl1273 chip , does support 5 ghz networks ; unfortunately , motorola went the cheap route . you can get more info on these chips at the texas instruments website .
edit : apparently download and recovery modes are merged for the g1 . just press alt-l on your physical keyboard while in download mode , and recovery will show up . what you are seeing is download mode . the key combination is usually subtly different . in the case of my phone , it is just a matter of having the phone connected to usb or not . you should try it with and without usb , as well as removing the battery and doing a fresh boot . ( you can also remove the battery , plug into usb , and reinsert the battery and try ) . also try other keys -- you already know using back instead gets you to that device info screen .
looks like you have messed up some terms : i was trying to enable mobile hotspot function , so i could enjoy internet from my pc adhoc wireless network first : the mobile hotspot function is to share your android device 's mobile internet connection to other devices not having internet on their own , e.g. a tablet or laptop , via wifi . second : only few android devices support ad-hoc networks . there are solutions , but all of them require your device to be rooted . third : if you wanted to use your pc 's internet connection on your android device , that would be reverse-tether , and again require root to be established .
as with all updates , the first thing that comes to mind is factory resetting the device . this clears all the remnants of the old version out of the system and resets app data that could cause inconsistencies . the downside is you will lose all your apps and their data . normally i only do a factory reset in between major versions ( 3.2-> 4.0 , 4.0.2-> 4.1 etc . ) , but if minor updates cause trouble , this would be a first step for me . oh yeah , the reset can be found in Settings -&gt; Backup &amp; reset -&gt; Factory data reset . note that while this usually does not affect your sdcard ( including internal storage ) , some devices may wipe that too . but not the nexus series , so you are safe .
i fixed this by removing data from the sd card . it was nearly full . freeing up ~1gb of the card solved the problem . it is likely that the application uses some sd card space to open files .
as far as i know , nandroid uses the yaffs2 file system for storing backups inside the . img files . a quick search on google points to these instructions on extracting files from a nandroid backup : first you will need to download and build the " unyaffs " module : svn checkout http://unyaffs.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ unyaffs cd unyaffs gcc -o unyaffs unyaffs.c  then copy the image file off your phone 's nandroid directory and extract it : mkdir data &amp;&amp; cd data ~/src/android/unyaffs/unyaffs /[path-to-backup-folder]/data.img 
this was supposedly fixed several months ago , but people are still reporting problems . i can read items on the card , but do not have write permission . to fix it , i combined strategies from a few sources . partition card with ms-dos partition table and ext4 filesystem . i used gparted on my ( linux ) desktop computer . insert the card into your phone . ( you will probably not have write access now . ) open the terminal emulator , installed by default in cyanogenmod . type in the following ( i recommend wifi keyboard for large blocks of text ) . give the emulator root privileges when it requests them . the $ and # indicate prompts , so do not type them in . $ su # chown media_rw:media_rw /mnt/media_rw/sdcard1 # chmod g+w /mnt/media_rw/sdcard1  this changes the sd card 's permissions . the owner and group change from system to media_rw , and it also gives the group write access .
this seems to have been fixed in version 3.3.11 and above of the market app .
after doing some additional research i finally came across a youtube video on how to bypass a samsung galaxy s continuum activation screen . the steps outlined in the video are very simple : from the activation screen select emergency call . enter the following *#83786633 which will disappear when you press the last 3 a toast with the text Softkey is enabled will appear then press the home button
this has happened many times to me , and every time it has been a bad cable . if you have one , try finding another usb cable to test it with , and see if it works . often some connection goes bad in the cable just from use and wear and it will only charge and refuses to transmit data . the other possibility ( this is known to be a problem with the evo 4gs , but i do not think i have heard of it on the galaxy s ) is that the usb port on your phone has been damaged or gone bad . this happened to my dad 's phone ( evo ) and they sent him a replacement . let us know what happens after you try a new cable !
from your home screen , under Menu-&gt;Settings-&gt;Accounts&amp;sync-&gt;Facebook you can uncheck Contacts . obviously , this will stop your phone contacts from syncing to facebook , but after you get the list the first time , the only thing that really updates is the pictures , so disabling it should take care of it : )
for now , afaik , every action associated with a mouse click can be accessed using a touch or a long-touch . combo using a key-press and a touch are not well supported ( if supported at all ) . long-touch over a link , gives you a popup with : open in new tap ; open in incognito mode ; copy link address ; save link as . for future reference , google chrome shortcuts link , from google support page ( the majority of the linux links are available for android . . . just waiting to have this page updated with the android shortcuts list ) : google chrome - keyboard and mouse shortcuts
we confirmed with the device manufacturer that the devices use ntp to sync the time with pool . ntp . org . after a bit of research of my own , i discovered that ntp is configured in /system/etc/gps.conf . you have to be root to edit this file , but i was at least able to confirm that the information given to us was correct . we have opened the firewall to traffic going to pool . ntp . org , and so far all of the devices have kept in sync , so it looks like this has worked as intended . thanks to http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1200089 for the info on the ntp config file .
ok , at last , the mighty user of xda , bin4ary , has released a very nice and easy toolkit to root ics jb roms of most sony phones , including xperia s . i used the tool and easily rooted my phone . very fast and painless . no need to flash or unlock bootloader or anything . if you are also interested , this is the page on xda : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1886460
turns out the issue appeared to be specifically with a google maps update . i have received two updates over google play since then and the problem appears to have resolved .
i just tried this on two phones , a samsung galaxy 551 and a samsung galaxy s . it does not work . the phones typically just shut off . however , one time the galaxy s did not shut off right away but i was not able to put the battery back in before it shut off . my google nexus s is made so that you can not even take the back cover off without unplugging it . i suspect that this is simply not a supported feature in most phones and that you are not likely to find that it works anywhere . not to mention the fact that power-loss may damage components or corrupt data . this is one reason why the phone monitors the battery life and shuts down if there is not enough battery power .
drm stands for " digital rights management " , and mainly is used with sold ebooks/pdfs and the like ( and also for sold music files plus maybe even videos ) . those keys are to identify your id as to prove if you have permission to access those documents . if you never bought any of those " crippled " documents , chances are you do not have to bother .
there are multiple approaches to this problem . the first an most effective is to switch from pop3 ( which i assume from your question you are using ) to imap , where mail is handled on the server instead of client-side -- so you can delete a message when you decide to delete it ( and not when client x is retrieving it , as handled by pop3 ) . second might be trying a different mail client ( again , i do not know what you are currently using ) . for android , i would recommend k-9 mail -- which is capable of handling pop3 as well as imap , and even exchange ( the latter via webdav ) .
i borrowed a friend 's fitbit and tried to sync it with my nexus 10 . i enabled bluetooth . i then installed the fitbit app and logged in as him . there is no option anywhere to sync the device . i then logged out , and created a new account . on a compatible device , once the account is created , it prompts you to sync a fitbit device . this question is never asked on the nexus 10 . circumstantial additional evidence comes from the large number of unhappy reviews citing device compatibility on the fitbit app page . so it is confirmed that despite the probable existence of the necessary bluetooth hardware/software , at the time of writing fitbit devices cannot be synced with the nexus 10 .
disabling the proximity sensor seems to have worked : after some testing , i got no freezes at all .
if you are using swype , slide your finger from the swype button ( bottom left ) to the sym key . this will display a set of navigation buttons - including a dpad that lets you move the text input .
it will not ask for a password for free apps since there is no danger of financial loss of any kind , it is a good point however there are apps on google play that can ' lock ' certain apps check 'https://play.google.com/store/search?q=app+locker' or something to that effect this one looks like it does the job : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.domobile.applockfeature=search_result#?t=w251bgwsmswyldesimnvbs5kb21vymlszs5hchbsb2nril0 . they will enable control of apps via a pin
there is no simple answer to the question , " why do programs crash sometimes ? " the error message you see tells you that an app has crashed , just like when a program crashes on a desktop computer . usually this indicates a bug ( programming error ) in the app or in one of the libraries included in the app ( e . g . an ad network , or a library for accessing a particular web service ) . the bug might always happen when you try to do a particular action , or it might be caused by being in a particular state . for example , a calendar app might have a bug that only happens when you create an event on the first of the month , in a month that already contains an event . if the bug is triggered by particular circumstances , clearing the data or cache for that app might make the bug go away until the same circumstance arise again . sometimes , the app itself might be correct but the crash caused by a programming error in android itself . the app might be relying on android to behave in a particular way , and if android does the wrong thing , that could later cause the app to crash . similarly , the crash might be caused by hardware problems : if the phone overheats , the hardware might compute the wrong answers sometimes . in the first instance , you should report a crash to the developer of the app that crashes . android 's crash-report process will automatically include relevant information with the report , to help the developer see what is wrong . even if the problem turns out not to be their fault , they will know the right place to report it , and might be able to suggest a workaround you can use to avoid the problem . if you do not report a crash , it probably will not get fixed .
skype for android has a couple versions . most are wifi-only , so you would be able to use them no problem except that the g1 is not in skype 's list of supported devices , so you will not find it in the market . looks like it is verizon-exclusive . the newest version will not run on your phone even if you grab it pseudo-legally ; i am not sure about older versions . skype 's api agreement also prohibits other apps from making skype calls , as far as i am aware . fring used to support skype , for example , but had to remove that feature due to threats from skype .
there is an app in the market with the id " com . ebproductions . android . launcher " that is gingerbread launcher free . this appears to be a slightly modified version of the aosp stock gingerbread launcher that someone 's made available for devices that do not come with the stock launcher installed .
i am not aware of any stock messaging apps amongst any of the roms that will do that , but it looks like there are a bunch of apps in the market that will ( like smessaggia bulk customized sms or group sms , or group sms and scheduler . )
it seems that asking this question has encouraged me actually make a proper effort to poke around the phone 's settings enough to find a workable solution , which is to enable Spell correction for the qwerty keyboard word suggestions / predictions . the option is enabled in the location : settings language and keyboard touch input text input QWERTY section spell correction now , typing i , t , s mid sentence will produce the suggested words its , Its , it's , which is pretty much acceptable for me . it's might be third , but it is listed and that is what counts ! i do not know if this is a common problem or if the default setting for Spell correction is on or off , so i do not know what the cause of the problem was , but at least it is sort of fixed .
it looked like a gingerbread-related problem . since android 3.0 you can login with any google account , with or without gmail .
sync is not possible and the " download folder " function is also missing on android . you can support this feature request : https://www.dropbox.com/votebox/2133/android-download-upload-folders
i use droidwall for this purpose - it is a firewall with a whitelist or blacklist configuration . also avg antivirus free and lookout for detecting virus and other malware . set droidwall to whitelist mode with log enabled , which disables internet access for all apps and services except the ones you explicitly allow . then use the phone for a while , open up all the apps once , restart the phone ( all this to give a malicious app a chance to get activated ) . then , open droidwall and view its log . you will see all the apps which tried to access the internet and the ip addresses they tried to connect to .
install this wifi tether and configure it according to video . it is working
i just want to start this answer off by saying that if you are not an expert computer user , this is probably not for you . you will need to know how to setup and edit partition tables , along with knowing how to resize , delete and add partitions . i of course accept no responsibility for any damage you cause to any device from reading this tutorial . in theory here is what you need to do : repartition your device 's sd card so that you can make room for all the the operating systems you want to run get a new boot loader that supports dual ( or multi ) booting flash the partition with a build that is compatible with your phone specifically for your device ( the galaxy note 10.1 ) , here is a great link on dual booting : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2258867 the tutorial is on an ubuntu machine , if you do not have ubuntu it is pretty easy to install from their website : http://www.ubuntu.com you probably do not even need to install ubuntu to do this tutorial , i think you would be fine just running off of the live cd . i am a little biased because i love ubuntu , but i would recommend installing it when you have free time . it really is a life saver and it runs on top of a linux kernel so you get all of the benefits of linux when you use ubuntu . very important before you start the tutorial 1 ) backup your device every time before you make a change to the os or to the boot loader . it is extremely easy to brick your device if you do not know what you are doing . if you brick your device and you have no backups to go from , then you are out of luck my friend . 2 ) you need to have a cwm ( clockwork mod ) installed on your device before you start the tutorial along with nandroid backup . see extra stuff below for install information . 3 ) i cannot stress this more : make sure that you are installing a mod that fits perfectly with you device ! ! you will potentially render your device unusable if you do not check your roms thoroughly . 4 ) this is not so important but will save you a lot of time in the future . go get a bigger sd card , no 1gb or 2gb is not enough and 4gb is pushing it . go out and buy a 16gb sd card , they are not that expensive and if you are going to be doing multiple booting , then you will want the extra space . it will be a huge pain to transfer all of your files onto a bigger sd card because you decided you wanted to triple boot android , arch linux and ubuntu all on one device . this is the voice of experience unfortunately . hopefully the tutorial works out well for you . when you get comfortable with installing os partitions , then you can start trying out different flavors of linux . my favorite is ubuntu , followed closely behind by arch linux ( arm ) ( which is great for server applications ) . extra stuff installing cwm and nandroid backup on galaxy note 10.1 here is a video tutorial for installing the cwm on the galaxy note 10.1 if you need to do that . again make sure you get the right rom for your device . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=niyixzcw7xs if youtube is more your thing , then here is a pretty good video on doing the same thing in the other tutorial . this youtube video requires you to already have cwm installed on your device . galaxy note : how to dual boot 5 different roms for those of you who do not have the galaxy note , here is something else i found that might be useful ( or at least a starting point ) : http://lifehacker.com/5826050/how-to-dual-boot-multiple-roms-on-your-android-phone please feel free to edit if you have something to add ( tutorials for specific devices etc . ) also , if you need more info , just comment and i will help you out .
finally the market updated itself after force-stopping it , clearing its data and cache , starting the app again , and then exiting it and leaving the phone alone for an hour or two .
xda is a good resource but not a good starting point . the aosp is also . but the best idea is always to look how others are creating customs roms . for example the cm development for the kindle fire : a good starting point is jackpoint calvin 's post about how to create a cm update . zip for the fire from source . it gives a good overview about how the kernel , asop , hardware modification and cm play together . and how these are handled with android 's repo script . forums are a good information resource , but it is hard to find useful information fast . irc channels are the first place to get involved . join a few rooms to get into contact with developers . maybe you find a beginners task on which you can start working . also you need knowledge about android/linux kernels , hw drivers , C and some java .
there are several system monitors available you might want to give a try . some of them log activities while running in the background , so no information is lost when the device has to be rebooted . while these might not directly point out the troublemaker , you could still see at what time the freeze happened , and which apps might have been active then -- so they should bring you at least closer to finding the culprit . one of those monitor apps is systempanel app / task manager ( it has a free trial version , but that does not log in the background but only allows for " live monitoring" ) . some screenshots from the playstore for illustration : systempanel ( source : google play ) an alternative would be system tuner , which offers similar functionality .
the files you downloaded from that site are for a samsung galaxy y . your phone is a samsung galaxy ace duos . you need to find a rom suitable for your phone . you are lucky that installing that rom did not brick the phone completely . you can not undo an update : to get back to what you had before , find a stock rom image for your phone ( probably from http://sammobile.com for a samsung phone ) and install it following the provided instructions . alternatively , if you still want android 4.1 , look for an unofficial 4.1 rom for your phone and install it in the same way . see also : where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ?
i have followed the guide in this page and reinstalled a stock version of android : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1196179 then i reinstalled cwm recovery and flashed cyanogenmod .
found this thread on the vibrant section of the xda devs forum : not enough space in music database ? ( pretty sure the vibrant is a us carrier-specific version of the galaxy , with this weird obsession us networks seem to have for making up alternative names for devices ) . maybe it has something to do with how the app handles various artists and/or unknown artists . i added all my music , then deleted tracks from various artist albums until it worked again . i then put back the various artist album track and it did not work , as expected . i thought this was artist based , but when i got it working again--by deleting the track mentioned above--and then added a track for a various artist album by an artist that already existed , the app crashed too . i then thought it might be song based . so i removed that song and then added a set of songs . however , it unexpectantly worked . the difference with the set of songs added above is that they were not part of a various artist album . they were a new artist , but the main album artist was not various with a contributing artist of the actual artist name . instead , the album artist was the artist name and the contributing artist was left blank ( or had the same name ) . so , it is that the music app does not understand how to handle various artist albums ? plugged sd card into my pc , did a search for files named * . mp3 with " various " in the artist tag , moved all of them off the card . plugged card back into galaxy again , waiting for media indexing to finish , i can now view the artists column without the app crashing . still can not search in the app without crashing , but i have a few more compilation type albums so will try spotting and removing all of them to see if it helps . update nov 2010 : the music player included in the official samsung froyo ( android 2.2 ) update , seems to have fixed this problem , or at least made it so that i can have the majority of my tracks on the phone without this problem showing up .
the only way this would happen is if you downloaded the old version of your app before google had " pushed out " the new version you uploaded . if you download an app you will not get anything but the most recent version google has available . i assume you just did not wait quite long enough after uploading before trying to download it .
when you add the account through the gmail app , you will enter your account info , it will verify the info , and then ask you what you had like to sync , if anything at all . if you do not want anything to sync from the account , then nothing will be . if you change your mind , you can go into the settings -> accounts and sync , and the change it up .
as of this moment , it is a known fact ( not necessarily an issue ) that the xposed framework does not work with art . so , you either : stay with dalvik runtime , and get the advantage of using xposed ; or uninstall xposed framework , and get the advantage of using art after installing xposed , the runtime gets reset from art to dalvik . can you stop it please ? you can be glad that i implemented this , otherwise you would be in a bootloop know . xposed is not compatible with art ( yet ) . it is a completely different architecture with pretty much no documentation . rewriting xposed for the art runtime requires understanding the concept , the code structure and many details to know how it works . i have already spent dozens of hours on that and some things are working . but still it is a long way ahead . do not expect even a test version in the near future . so please do not ask when it will be available - you will surely know when it is ready . i have nothing else to say about that .
check out this list : proxy , tunnel and co . though it is in german , you already find the relevant apps grouped by their purpose . for vpn , try vpn ( also in german ) . the german language should be no problem concerning mapping apps to the requested topics ( vpn , tunnel , . . . ) , as that part is language-neutral . descriptions can mostly be replaced by those from the play store -- or taken from the linked ( english ) reviews . so basically , all information is there .
at the moment , there is no central spot on your phone to control which notifications show up on your phone and how they behave across apps . for this end , you will need to open up each application and tweak how and when it notifies you about new messages or other events . generally speking , every app has some settings ( or preferences ) that are accessible by the more button . hit the button and a sub-menu of options will pop up , with settings often among them . in most android apps settings , you will find a category for " notification , " " alerts , " or something akin . for the email app that i use for my company emails , it is labelled " notification settings " . find yours and click it ! from the presented screen , you can usually change when and how an app notifies you of whatever it monitors . taking the example of the email app that i am using , i can : un-check the " inbox notifications " entirely to disallow notifications on the status bar . select a ringtone for my incoming email messages . set the phone to vibrate when a new email arrives . with this options you can adjust your app to react the way you intend . note : some system global settings may overwrite your definitions for specific behaviours setup on each app . also some power saving apps like the one i use : easy battery saver have global settings to save battery , included preventing the phone from highlighting or vibrating . i have performed some successful tests using the vodafone huawei u8510 running android os , v2.3 ( gingerbread ) . as far as my knowledge goes , the android 2.2 . x froyo has pretty much the same notification behaviour .
never ever flash android rom without wiping data / cache wipe dalvik cache format system ( optional , but requires for some rom ) always read instructions carefully before flashing any rom / mod and reverify whether its for your phone model only . anyway , as you said you are not able to go to recovery mode , therefore there is no use of having a backup . try to reset your phone , ( ie , press power button for approx 7 - 10 sec ) . if nothing works , follow below instructions : take out the battery . put on the back cover . hold both volume + and volume - while plug in the usb cable to a pc . it will automatically get into ftm mode . then flash generic 2.2 firmware on it . after flashing , it may stuck in the ftm loop . put in the battery and flash again . after 2nd flashing , take out the battery for 10 seconds . then put it back . press and hold both power and volume + to boot into android . i have no experience with zte v9 , so i can not hand on step by step tutorial . hope your phone gets well soon . sources : modaco : zte bricked androidforums : zte unbrick manual
i have tried to do this in my own car - here 's my experience with it . from a " hearing the person " perspective , the headphone jack into the car 's speaker system works great . what is even better is that the person does not ( generally ) hear themselves talking either ( no echo or feedback ) . this is using an original moto droid , so your mileage may vary . the problem that i have with this kind of setup is having the person hear me . i still , generally , have to hold the phone up to my mouth for the person on the other side to understand what i am saying . i have found it helps a little bit to enable speaker phone , but then the person sometimes gets the echo feedback . it is really a no-win situation . most likely , you will have to get an aftermarket blue tooth headset .
to unlock your phone , use galaxsim unlock . you need root for this app . if you do not have root , the app will give you instructions on how to root your phone .
this suggestion assumes familiarity with connecting to the phone via adb i had a similar situation on my previous phone . i was able to pull the important stuff over adb when the phone was in recovery . in my case i had to mount some of the filesystems to access everything i wanted to retrieve . i am not sure if it is dependent on the phone whether the adb service is available in recovery . on mine it was available in both recovery and download mode . if adb on your computer recognizes and can connect to your phone you should be able to retrieve and save any files you need . if you are not familiar with adb this is a good place to start : http://www.xda-developers.com/android/all-in-one-guide-to-adb/ if you need any help with it let me know , adb is a whole other topic so keeping it simple here .
as the answer to are google books drm protected ? explains , acsm files are drm-protected , so you can only read them in the play books app itself , not in another ebook app . once you have " pinned " the book and it has downloaded , you can read it offline in the play books app .
most of the app 's data is stored in internal memory , below /data/data . you cannot access these directories/files directly if your device is not routed ; same applies to moving it elsewhere . but if your device is rooted , the keyword are data2sd , app2sd , and link2sd : app2sd : the " official " way to move your apps to the sdcard ( see : app2sd and its tag-wiki , the latter describing it in more details ) . this method moves a big part of the app itself over to the sdcard . can be used without rooting the device . link2sd : an advanced variant of app2sd . this moves the entire app to the sdcard , and then creates symbolic links to the " original places " -- fooling the system to think " nothing ever happened " . requires the device to be rooted , plus a separate partition on the sdcard . see link2sd and its tag-wiki for more details . data2sd : does not care for the apps , but for their data . also requires the device to be rooted . we have no tag for that , but you might want to look up the corresponding app on google play : root # all data2sd card . .
open the people application ( it is the name of the contacts app in jelly bean ) and edit the entry for " me " . set your picture there .
it sounds like the database is corrupted . i would go to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications and clear the data for gmail and gmail storage . if that does not work , try clearing the data for everything google ( talk , google framework services , etc . ) .
so i only tried to replicate the issue for a few minutes but even when i got the recorder to stop recording ( opening the camera app forced the recorder to stop ) it saved the recording . i am not sure if you already looked on the sd card but if you have not try using es file explorer ( or other file explorer ) and go to " sdcard/my documents/my recordings " . . . thats where i found my recordings . maybe its still there .
upgrade to google maps 5.2.1 , released today .
it depends which frame was impacted . if it was the " thicker one " this one is easily replaceable ( though you have to remove pretty much everything - there are videos on youtube ) . of course if you have a warranty sticker on one of the screws warranty goes bye , bye if you remove it . if it is the " thinner " to the front the only way to fix this is to replace the whole assembly - screen included which costs big ( about 250 usd import ) . that is because the amoled is glued to that frame - you had have to unglue the glass , and unglue the screen which is impossible without breaking it . ( source )
as goggles is an app that you have said you are curious about , here are the permissions it asks for ( copied from the market web page ) : this application has access to the following : your accounts google app engine allows applications to sign in to google app engine using the account ( s ) stored on this phone . access other google services allows applications to sign in to unspecified google services using the account ( s ) stored on this phone . act as an account authenticator allows an application to use the account authenticator capabilities of the accountmanager , including creating accounts and getting and setting their passwords . manage the accounts list allows an application to perform operations like adding , and removing accounts and deleting their password . use the authentication credentials of an account allows an application to request authentication tokens . hardware controls take pictures and videos allows application to take pictures and videos with the camera . this allows the application at any time to collect images the camera is seeing . your location coarse ( network-based ) location access coarse location sources such as the cellular network database to determine an approximate device location , where available . malicious applications can use this to determine approximately where you are . fine ( gps ) location access fine location sources such as the global positioning system on the device , where available . malicious applications can use this to determine where you are , and may consume additional battery power . network communication full internet access allows an application to create network sockets . your personal information read contact data allows an application to read all of the contact ( address ) data stored on your device . malicious applications can use this to send your data to other people . write contact data allows an application to modify the contact ( address ) data stored on your device . malicious applications can use this to erase or modify your contact data . storage modify/delete usb storage contents modify/delete sd card contents allows an application to write to the usb storage . allows an application to write to the sd card . having used goggles for a while , these all seem fairly innocuous , here are what goggles does that needs those permissions : your accounts everything under this heading is needed because goggles links to your google account and stores your goggles history in your google account , so that you can go back at look at your previous searches , even after you change phones . to do this it needs to access the google account login credentials already saved in your phone 's " accounts " list , otherwise it would have to prompt you to log in to google every time you open it , or re-save your credentials again itself , which is a bit silly when they are already stored centrally on the phone . if you have more than one google account on your phone , then the first time you open goggles it asks you which one you want to save your history into . there is a setting that stops it saving your search history if you do not want this . hardware controls the entire point of goggles is to take pictures using the camera , it can not do that without these permissions . your location using goggles you can take pictures of landmarks and buildings and have it automatically identify them . it uses your location to help it narrow down the guesses of what you are photographing . network communication it uses google 's servers and massive databases to help it identify the potentially billions of different things you could photograph and ask it to recognize . your personal information * read/write contact data * you can take a photo of a business card with goggles and have it save the contact details from the business card straight into your contacts . storage you can set goggles to save all the images it takes to your sd card for later viewing via the gallery app ( this is in the settings and is off by default ) . so , as far as i can see , they have a legitimate reason for all of the permissions that the app asks for that fits with one or more of the apps functions or needs . could they also use these permissions for other purposes ? yes , but personally i trust the app to only use the access for the required purposes , after all google has plenty of other ways to get all of that info , as i am already syncing all of my contacts , etc up to gmail anyway !
no , for the same reasons detailed in this answer . stackexchange-url
the android bug report system . search to see if someone has already suggested the feature , then submit your idea using the feature request template .
maybe because you have not removed only the small apps that does not take significant space . go to settings -> apps -> select " all " on apps tab -> click menu and click sort by size . you will see the apps sorted by the size it takes on your phone . check if the top apps in this list are taking most of your space .
there are a few parts to the process : unlocking or bypassing any bootloader protection , allowing the system partition to be written installing the relevant binaries to acquire root . both of these stages can vary from phone to phone , but here are a few examples : unlocking the bootloader on many oem phones , this traditionally involves exploiting a vulnerability in part of the system in order to rewrite certain partitions . sometimes it will mean flashing a new bootloader , a new recovery ( this is becoming common ) or temporarily booting from an image over usb , in order to gain recovery access to the system partiton . on the nexus range of phones , and the development phones that were released by google , it is as simple as running " fastboot oem unlock " , though this will wipe the phone . also , bowing to pressure from the development community , many manufacturers now offer an official route to unlocking the bootloader . installing the root binaries . once the system partition has been cracked then the rest is fairly straight-forward . it basically means installing the ' su ' binary ( this escalates to super user permissions ) , and an apk which provides an android front end to ' su ' , and prompts the user when an app is requesting root permission . there are several approaches to this second stage . the most common has been to use a pre-rooted rom provided by the community . there is often a choice , from the stock rom provided by the manufacturer and then tinkered with to add the binaries , through to a whole range of aosp ( android open source project ) roms , such as cyanogenmod ( one which i contribute to ) . there are some other methods . for example , some phones ( eg galaxy nexus ) can use a " superboot " bootloader , which tinkers with your existing rom as bard of the boot process . it is flashed to your phone using the fastboot program . typically there will be a single favoured approach for any particular phone .
the app is not running in the background . when you start it , it generates codes based on an algorithm tied to your original configuration . it for sure will not impact your battery , and is not running in the background ( the time based codes it creates , are constantly changing though - every 60 seconds - or however long ) . but the app is only using resources when it is running , and servicing out the codes to you .
the following works for me on an htc incredible . hopefully your settings are similar . settings > language and keyboard > touch input > text input > prediction . you should be able to un-check prediction .
here is the ultimate answer : first , on your phone , install a terminal-emulator from android market , then run cat /proc/cpuinfo  which will show you the detailed processor information of your phone ( arm5 in my case ) . afterwards , you need to install an arm5 cross-compiler environment on your linux box ( download ubuntu and virtualbox if you are a windows/mac-freak and do not have a linux box ) , in order to compile native code for your phone . you do this in order to be able to start a privilege escalation attack on your phone . so , next , you need to cross-compile a privilege-escalation attack for arm5 ( htc hero microprocessor ) . for that , use the rageagainstthecage attack made by sebastian krahmer of suse linux berlin ( in binary only ) , reverse-engineered here : http://pastebin.com/fxsgij3n a precompiled version is available here http://cmw.22aaf3.com/common/rageagainstthecage-arm5.zip download the android sdk starter kit from google . install the appropriate android platform sdk ( version 2.1 for me ) . http://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html then , download the superuser ( su ) package : http://cmw.22aaf3.com/common/su-2.3.6.2-efgh.zip put all , the superuser package , the su program , and the rageagainstthecage exploit in the same folder as adb ( a program to connect to your android phone from the android sdk ) . you need to enable usb-debugging , and switch of internet sharing . next , you transmit the file rageagainstthecage . bin to folder /data/local/tmp on your phone ( initially , as normal user , you have write access only to the sdcard and the temp folder , but this is sufficient ) adb push rageagainstthecage.bin /data/local/tmp/  then you start a shell on your phone : adb shell  and change ownership on rageagainstthecage . bin to all chmod 755 /data/local/tmp/rageagainstthecage.bin  next , you start rageagainstthecage on your phone as normal user /data/local/tmp/rageagainstthecage  when the exploit finished , your adb connection should terminate . if it does not type exit adb kill-server adb start-server  now connect again to your phone : adb shell  adb shell now runs with escalated privileges ( root ) . so now , remount the file system so you can write on the system partition . mount -o remount,rw -t yaffs2 /dev/block/mtdblock3 /system exit  now push su and superuser to your phone ( remember , you have write access now ) adb push su /system/xbin/ adb push Superuser.apk /system/app/  and then change ownership on su to all adb shell chmod 4755 /system/xbin/su  next download and install one of all those free tether apps that require you to root your phone . start superuser . now start your tether app . a popup will appear , which will ask you whether you want to grant this app root access . say yes , and check remember . now switch of your phone and restart . when it has restarted , everything is back to normal , no more root privileges . but su is still there and executable for everyone . so , when logged in , start the wifi tether app . since you checked remember in the superuser app , it will use su to switch this application to root , which means it will now run fine , with only the tether app with root privileges : ) next , connect with your linux box to your brand-new working android wifi hotspot . after you are sure it works , do not forget to put access restrictions for the hotspot in place . btw , if you use your escalated privileges to export some apk packages for reverse-engineering , you will notice that android lacks the cp command . you can circumvent that restriction by using cat ( copy-cat ) instead : cat /data/app/superuser.apk &gt;&gt; /sdcard/Downloads/superuser.apk  ; - )
indeed the internal filesystem somehow got damaged . to fix this you need access to the filesystem itself , which can be done using adb . ( android debugging bridge ) instructions for connecting to the archos tablets using adb can be found here : http://www.archos.com/support/support_tech/updates_adb.html?country=erlang=en although the description is complete this still sometimes can be hard . you might have to restart your computer a few times , but eventually it is possible . open a command window in the directory containing the adb . exe program ( it is in the ' platform-tools ' directory under the androis-sdk-windows folder ) type : adb shell if the connection is ok , it will start a server and after e few seconds show the ' $ ' prompt . this means you are connected to the tablet and have direct access to the linux shell . if you type ' ls ' you will see a list of folders that contain the operating system and all supporting files that make your tablet work . now navigate to the folder containing the flash file system by typing : cd . /dev/block/vold if you now type ' ls ' again you should see three or four folders that have numbered names . one of them is '31:8' . this is the folder that points to the internal flash . now we can fix our problem by recreating the ms-dos ( fat32 ) file system on this partition . type the following : mkdosfs -f 32 /dev/block/vold/31:8/ this will fix the fat32 filesystem . now leave the shell by typing ' exit ' , disconnect the usb and restart your tablet . on my system this made internal storage re-appear , and after that it also mounted the sd-card . problem solved . many thanks to this post on slatedroid that contained the answer .
rom manager does not do anything particularly special to install a custom rom . it essentially makes a call to the recovery binary that allows it to save instructions for your recovery partition to run the next time it boots , thereby automating the process of flashing whatever zip file you choose . you could do the exact same thing manually . therefore , if your device needs to be s-off to flash a custom rom from recovery , it will also need to be s-off in order for rom manager to flash a rom . it will not work on an s-on device since it will not be able to write to the nand , and you will not even be able to get a custom recovery to stick in the first place , most likely , which it will ultimately need to flash the rom .
if you go to Settings -&gt; Backup &amp; reset there is a Back up my data option which states : back up application data , wi-fi passwords , and other settings to google servers in addition to this on the android os support site it says : a wide variety of your personal data is backed up autonmatically , including your wi-fi passwords , browser bookmarks , a list of the apps you’ve installed on google play , the words you’ve added to the dictionary used by the onscreen keyboard , and most of your customized settings . some third-party apps may also take advantage of this feature , so you can restore your data if you reinstall an app . if you uncheck this option , your data stops getting backed up , and any existing backups are deleted from google servers . as for the security concerns although i assume they must be sending plain-text wifi passwords according to the backup service developer guide they are at least using a secure connection to do it over .
you are missing the ratings of users who did not leave comments . a large , significant number of users do not leave comments , but they do rate apps . this is what a developer will see in their dashboard , a breakdown of all ratings of their app : so i have an average rating of about 4.57 out of 331 ratings . however , in the dashboard i only have 6 pages of comments , and each page has up to 20 comments . so i have no more than 120 comments on my app . so you had only be seeing 1/3 of the ratings for my app in particular .
one way to prevent this is to create an extra guest profile with help from switchme : get root , install switchme , create an guest profile , protect your profile with an password and enable switchme 's login manager feature . this allows you to recover the tablet by rebooting into your profile and resetting or deleting the guest profile . note that switchme may not work with your rom .
the problem was bad ( or improperly upgraded ? ) saved data in the launcher app . here 's how i fixed it . at the dialog above , press " report " when in the report screen , drag down the notification bar at the top of the screen . press the settings button in the upper left of the notifications area . tap " apps " , then " all " , then find launcher in the list . tap launcher . tap " clear data " . you lose your home screen customizations , but at least the phone now works again .
unlocking a phone from network has nothing to do with manufacturer updates . its more of , being able to take a sim card from another network and pop it in . for example , buy a handset from orange , and using a t-mobile sim card in the new orange handset , the t-mobile will not work as the handset is locked into the orange network and thusly refuse any other sim card except orange 's own . by unlocking the orange handset , you can effectively pop in the t-mobile sim card in place and continue using the handset as if it was " bought from t-mobile " instead . a unlock code would be required ( there are plenty of websites that can do this for you for a fee ) , some operators will charge you for the unlock code - again this is dependent on whether you are on contract or pay-as-you-go - check the terms and conditions of that first . for example , from my dealings on modaco 's forum , orange will not give you the unlock code until after a time period of usage on contract , think it was 3 months , again check ! once a unlock code is handed over to you , this is taken from the handset 's imei number and the designated sim card that you wish to use , which a 6 or 8 digit number is generated , that , going by the previous example , a t-mobile sim card gets popped in , the orange 's handset will prompt for the network unlock code , in which the 6 or 8 digit number is entered to unlock it thus freeing the handset from the network . one thing though , this happens with samsung , flashing unofficially using the likes of odin or multiloader , it could mess up the handset , because there is a checking in place to ensure that if the handset is locked , the flashing will fail . kies is one ! now , this was going back about 18 months ago , so i do not know if that applies now . if you are thinking of flashing a custom rom , double check to ensure that the handset can indeed be flashed with the network lock in place .
taking google 's music app as an example ( i would wager most others are implemented similarly ) , there are two distinct parts that constitute the app : the foreground processes and tasks that the user interacts with the background service that actually handles music playback point 2 can be verified in this android developer 's blog post wherein it is stated : music playback runs in a service to allow it to continue operating after the user leaves the music application . this distinction ends up being important when you remove an app from the recent tasks list . as covered in my answer to another question , the following is what happens when you swipe an app out of the list , as stated by android engineer dianne hackborn : actually , removing an entry in recent tasks will kill any background processes that exist for the process . it will not directly causes services to stop , however there is an api for them to find out the task was removed to decide if they want this to mean they should stop . this is so that removing say the recent task of an e-mail app will not cause it to stop checking for e-mail . in this case , that means that the foreground tasks of the music app are being stopped , but the background service ( evidently ) chooses to continue running . this is a product of the way the app is implemented , so you simply will not be able to stop music playback by swiping the app out of the list . instead , you can try the following from the recent apps list ( also covered in the above linked answer ) : if you really want to completely stop an app , you can long press on recent tasks to go to app info , and hit force stop there .
so there are still some differences between the factory images and aosp builds . here are some of the differences i know : " gesture typing " feature is missing in aosp builds as noted by jbq here . " photosphere " feature is missing in aosp , as noted here . the various google apps do not come included with aosp ( play store , gmail , maps , google now , etc ) . i am sure you can hunt down more differences by going through threads in the ' android-building ' mailing list . a last note on the differences by one of the gatekeepers of aosp . edit : actually , i think you can easily compile a more thorough list of the differences between factory and aosp images . the following commands may be of use to you : adb shell pm list packages adb shell pm list libraries adb shell pm list features adb shell pm adb shell am  there is more information regarding these commands at http://developer.android.com/tools/help/adb.html#pm the following answers are added for posterity 's sake , since they are somewhat related : what&#39 ; s the difference between an aosp rom and a stock rom ? what is the difference between aosp/vanilla and stock ? i did not find much use out of them , but someone else may . i will add some comparisons between factory , aosp , and cyanogenmod later . i will be testing it on the Nexus 7 (grouper) , it may differ slightly for other devices .
can the app record my internet browsing and send it to an outside source ? it may depend on which browser you are using . the stock browser should save it is browsing history within its private storage . if there is no root exploit , an external app should be unable to access the browsing history . can the app upload to an outside source photos that i have taken ? if the app requests and gets granted the write external storage permission , it would be able to access your photos . then it would only need the internet permission , to upload these photos so some site . can the app look at data from other apps and use it ? usually not . but again , if there is a root exploit available for your firmware version , it could use it to access every piece of data on your android device . are there particular app permissions which are rare requirements that might indicate a malicious app ? well , it depends on what the app should do and what permissions are requested . most apps that could also run offline , request the internet permission for ads . contact the app developer if you are not sure why the app needs/requests a particular permission . i would be careful with permissions that could also cost you money : send sms and call phone . i have heard that some strange social network app requests now send sms for some reason . also the read phone state and identity is pretty common , because it is needed for backwards compatibility with older android versions . but it allows the app to read for example your imei , which is unique to your device .
you can buy them from the website without downloading them . any apps purchased through amazon . com simply get added to your account . i think that is the best you can really do .
the supported media formats page of the android sdk documentation ( under the " core media formats " subsection ) outlines all of the formats that vanilla android supports . audio codecs specifically noted are : aac lc/ltp he-accv1 he-accv2 amr-nb amr-wb flac mp3 midi vorbis pcm/wave as the documentation also notes , manufacturers can provided decoders for additional media formats , meaning that this can potentially vary by device a bit . i am not aware of any simple way to determine which extra formats are supported by a device aside from simply copying a sample over and attempting to play it with the stock music player . similarly , specific apps can potentially provide software decoding for additional codecs . mx player provides codecs in the play store , for example .
the exceptions coming from zip ( in the log extract ) indicate that the package is corrupt . this error could have been introduced by the download , or when the package file was generated . you could check for download errors by verifying the apk file 's sha-1 or md5 checksum against a checksum provided by the download site . obviously each site will have a different way of telling you the checksum . also , the method of verifying it is different depending on what os your pc runs : on linux it is as simple as running <code> md5sum file </code> or <code> sha1sum file </code> . note that this will not always be the case from the " application not installed " error message . as others have indicated , that message usually results from trying to install a package that already exists on the system , unless the new package has a newer version number and is signed by the same key .
in a word : no . in order for all applications on the device to have access to a cifs mount , cifs support needs to be compiled into the kernel ( or at least available as a loadable module ) . i have never seen a device that shipped with such a kernel from the manufacturer . does not mean that they do not exist , i just have not seen them . now , for some devices that have been rooted/unlocked and replacement kernels can be compiled , i have seen kernels made with cifs support built in . once you have cifs support in the kernel , you could use an application like mount manager to handle the system-wide mounts . the applications like es file explorer you have seen with cifs support have their own private implementation . they are unable to mount the share into the global namespace such that other apps could take advantage .
the most accessible way to get a copy of the app itself would probably be to download a stock rom in zip format and just extract the htc camera app ( /system/app/HTCCamera.apk ) . a de-odexed version would probably be easiest , but in theory you could extract both the . apk and the . odex file and put them on your device if you wanted . to be honest , though , i would be pretty skeptical about the htc camera working on your rom since deck is not sense-based . you can give it a shot , but i would wager it relies on some sense framework files ( never tried it myself ) .
as far as i know ( not from us/ca ) the p999 is a t-mobile g2x device with vanilla android , whereas p990 is lg optimus 2x . the specs are mostly similar but there are certain differences , such as the os customization . maybe a custom rom will bring the functionality to the g2x as well .
as the factory-reset already correctly suggests , the description makes quite clear that such happened . a factory-reset " deletes " everything from your internal-storage -- that is , all the apps you have installed , all data , caches , etc . so nothing is left but what you have moved to sdcard/external storage . while there are possibilities to even recover deleted data ( usually via a nandroid backup or any other 1:1 copy of the entire file system and doing file carving ) , this is nothing easy and you must start the copy as soon as possible , before you do any other initialization ( which you already did ) . with every data change , chances to recover something get smaller . we have some questions/answers behind the data-recovery tag explaining this in more detail , see e.g. how can i recover a deleted file on android ? recover deleted content from userdata partition ? btw : with all other data on internal-storage , also the logs are gone for good -- which is a pity , as it would be very interesting to know what triggered an automatic factory-reset . the only thing coming to my mind is a remote-wipe , which might have been triggered either via your company ( if you are accessing their exchange server via active-sync , and thus accepted the corresponding device-administrator ) -- or the previous owner ( if any ) having set up some anti-theft app , and now pulled the trigger on you . . .
wikipedia mentions that this feature exists , but i can not seem to find it in either chrome nor in chrome beta .
while it sounds strange that there should be no keyboard present , and as trivial as it might sound : simply installing an alternative keyboard from the playstore should fix that . take e.g. hacker 's keyboard , which is a very flexible one , and well rated ( i am using it myself on my tablets ) . simply install it , and its settings should turn up at the place you have described . optionally , add the dictionaries for the languages you like to have them ( see the keyboard 's playstore page , some are directly linked to the app ) . do it from a pc/laptop as you currently have no keyboard available on your device , it might be difficult/impossible to use the playstore app on the device itself to install the above . you can still install it : on your laptop/pc , open a web browser and go to https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.pocketworkstation.pckeyboard log in with the credentials of the google account you use on your device click the " install " button , accept the permissions for the app ( they are ok ) the keyboard will be pushed to your device once the installation has finished ( you can see this in your device 's notification area ) , you can go to the described place ( settings → language and input → keyboards and input methods ) and make the new keyboard the default input method . with that final step , you problem should be solved . no google-account configured on the device ? in this case , installation via the web interface cannot work either , as the app-to-be-installed cannot be pushed to the device . still , there is something you can do : on your pc/laptop : visit the hacker 's keyboard project 's download page and download the .apk file to your computer if you do not have any file manager on your android device : you will need the android sdk installed , or at least a " mini variant " ( the adb/adb.exe binary and , on windows , its helper .dll files -- check the adb tag and its wiki for details , and see qtadb for a simple , user-friendly variant working on windows , mac and linux ) when on windows : make sure you have the drivers for your android device installed on your android-device : enable unknown-sources to activate side-loading ( settings&rarr ; security : check " unknown sources" ) if you do not have a file-manager app on your android device : enable adb debugging ( settings&rarr ; development : check usb-debugging ) connect your android device with your pc/laptop via usb cable to install your .apk . . . if you have a file-manager app on your android device : simply copy the .apk to your device as you usually copy files there use your file-manager app to navigate to the .apk " tapp " the .apk file 's entry . after asking your confirmation , the app will be installed . skip all below -- you are done . if you do not have a file-manager app on your device : use pm install via the adb command-line to install the .apk on your android device ( see xda-developers for more details on this -- usually it should be adb pm install /path/to/download/*.apk , replace the /path/to/download part with the full directory name of where you saved the .apk to ) .
no not every android phone does this but it is done in many htc phones . the reason is simple : memory usage . here is the breakdown : when the system is running out of memory , the inbuilt task killer of the system automatically kicks in and checks to see if it can stop an application and recover some ram . htc sense devices employ a launcher that is " heavy " and often uses up a lot of memory so when the task killer sees you are not using your launcher and knows it needs the ram for another app , it kills the launcher . thus , when you hit the home button or quit the app , the launcher has to re-initialize . tips : do not use a task-killer if you dont have a low end device . android already has a built-in one that kills apps and does it safely . using apps such as " advanced taskkiller " actually mess with the way the system kills apps and actually can cause more force closes and system instability in the long run . additionally , the more ram the system has , the more the launcher uses to cache stuff it needs . this is good because the launcher becomes more responsive and fast as its using a cached copy instead of grabbing it all over again . if you clear the cache constantly , it needs to re-cache the items and so it will be less responsive . use a lighter launcher . sense might be good but there are more rock solid and light launchers such as launcher pro that wont experience this problem . you dont need a new phone with more ram . trust me , 1gb of ram is more than enough with the right system . : )
an ruu is a windows executable file ( htc currently does not support mac or linux ) that installs a rom to your device . it will overwrite the following partitions : system ( the /system mountpoint ) boot ( the /boot mountpoint ) recovery user data ( the /data mountpoint , this means you lose all of your personal data ) it may update your radio image ( if newer ) you use an ruu by simply connecting your phone and running the executable file . i belive htc sync may also be required , but i have not done this in a while . the reason this unroots your device is sort of twofold , though it depends on your exact configuration . first , the su binary and superuser app are typically installed to your system partition when you root . since this is overwritten with a stock version of the partition , those two things will not be present . this prevents you from making calls to the su binary which is needed to grant root permissions to an app . secondly , the boot partition has a flag which defines whether or not adbd ( that is , the adb daemon ) runs with root permission , called ro.secure . the default value for this on a stock boot image is 1 , which means that it is not running as root ( so 1 represents " yes , it is secure" ) . many custom roms set this to 0 so that you can immediately get a root prompt when you use adb shell , and also so that you can execute privileged commands without the need for a shell ( i.e. . adb pull ) . per your last question , i do not think you can run an improper ruu , but i have never tried . it does go through a verification process before the upload , at which point i assume that it checks to ensure that you have the proper device and whatnot . my guess would be that the verification would fail if you tried to use one on a device it was not designed for . if you want more information , i managed to dig up a pdf from htc 's site which outlines how to use an ruu on the htc magic ( rogers wireless version ) . the steps are generally the same for any android device , though . also of note , there is an open-source program which is designed to provide the same functionality while being cross platform . it is simply called htcflasher , and i have not used it myself . you can find it on google code if it is of interest to you .
when you hold the home key and tap power , it takes a screenshot . unfortunately sometimes lag causes the home press to be delayed/extended , so if you press it and let go before hitting power it will still happen sometimes . the original sgs suffers from this issue as well , though it uses home+back . i would try the same workaround i propose in my answer to that question : go to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Running Services and click on ScreenCaptureService to end it . you will have to do this every time you boot up your phone , unless you get a task killer or can remove it somehow , though either of those may have other side effects .
looks like it depends on the book . from google play support : downloading free music , tv shows , and certain free books and magazines is still considered a transaction , even when the price of the item is $0.00 . if you do not have a credit card associated to your google wallet account or if you do not have not set up a google wallet account , you will be prompted to add a new payment method upon when downloading certain content from google play .
cyanogenmod roms has a feature that by long pressing the back button you can kill the running process .
the " market " to " play " renaming is just a re-branding of the store . it will not change any of the underlying availability or features . you will have to ask google ( good luck ! ) about if/when additional feature will be made available in india . so there is nothing to be gained by " upgrading " , other than satisfying the google marketing department . here are some details from the google play faq :
what software do i need to add to do this or can it be done with the built-in software ? all software for it is built-in . look through Setting-&gt;Wireless &amp; networks menu . there must be items like Portable Wi-Fi hotspot and Portable Wi-Fi hotspot settings
is that true ? yes , this is true . the usa is currently using the 700 , 800 ( sprint only , i think ) , 1700 and 1900 mhz bands for lte service , whereas european providers are using 800 , 900 , 1800 , and 2600 mhz ( wikipedia ) . if it is true , can the us variant be persuaded to work in the uk , 4g-wise ? i am not shy of flashing custom roms and so forth . no . the frequency limitation is not set by the software - it is the antenna . flashing custom roms will not allow you to access frequencies that the antenna is physically unable to support , so there is nothing you can do short of modifying the hardware . i am assuming that it will work without issue on 3g ? this could potentially depend slightly on which specific variant you want , i suppose . the at and t one supports 850 , 1900 , and 2100 mhz frequencies , the t-mobile usa one also supports 1700 on top of the other three . according to this table , t-mobile uk uses the 2100 mhz band , so either should be compatible with their 3g service in that case .
absolutely yes . i have a sk4g as well , and tried setcpu out too . it force closed regularly ; whether it is due to overheating i can not say for sure , but it seems the most likely cause . fyi , all the sk4g roms are based on the stock rom as no one 's reverse-engineered the hardware requirements to build custom kernels for it yet : (
you can do it according to this post on xda : make a file called 99applock . txt insert code below and put you messaging service in where it says ppid ( that usually can be found in data/data if your using aftermakrket sms app ) remove the . txt extension and put file in ect/init . d and just give it 777 permissions , it works for me .  #!/system/bin/sh sleep 60 PPID=$(pidof com.your.app) echo "-17" &gt; /proc/$PPID/oom_adj renice -18 $PPID 
i own an og droid and a droid bionic and both phones eventually had similar audio jack problems . on one phone i found the issue to be a wad of dust crammed in the jack which i had to fish out with a [ enter your choice of small pointy tool ] . it could be a result of the internal contact points being pushed back from repeated tension . this would weaken the contact with the audio cable . in your particular case i do not think this is true however . other things you can try : pull the audio cable in and out several times wiggling it and testing it . ( ideally you had want to test it with something that plays audio continuously so you do not have to keep hitting play ) getting a different and potentially better quality audio cable to test with . you can also try resetting to factory default which may help if the problem is software related . ( as long as you have a google account synced with your phone , all your apps will be automatically re-downloaded ) if all else fails , take it back to the phone manufacturer or your phone service provider . they should be able to fix it for a reasonable price . there is the option of trying to fix it yourself but that is not recommended if you are uncomfortable working with small/delicate electronics , not to mention voiding your warranty .
problem i have been recently using my beats tour with my htc one . it was working fine and then it stopped working . first i thought either my phone had a problem or the earphones . i thought of claiming my warranty but , before that i did following tests : plugged different earphones in my htc one from apple , samsung and htc . all worked fine . plugged my beats earphone with iphone , ipod and my computer . it was working fine too . analysis then i compared the connector of beats earphone with others . i noticed a potential design flaw with both beats connector and htc one : beats earphone connector radius is slightly smaller than normal earphone connectors . htc one internal connector was pushed in more when plugging and unplugging earphone . ( i do not exactly know words to explain this but , this usually happens with electronics when using cheap materials ) . solution as i am sure both htc and beats will not be accepting these facts . i recommend you to buy a short extender . i connected my extender to my htc one and beats earphone and it worked like expected . i am not sure if we lose quality when using a cheaper extender .
the only way to add more widget is to install an application that allow their widgets to be used on the lockscreen . developers need to specify if their widgets can be used on the launcher , the lockscreen or both . so , if a widget is available on the launcher but not on the lockscreen , i am afraid that you can not use it on the lockscreen . ( but you could mail the developer so he makes his widget available on the lockscreen ) . as said in the comments , a xposed module is available for rooted to user that enable all widgets on lock screen : gravitybox
mhl compatibility on a tv only means that it will supply sufficient power ( 500ma , 900ma , or 2000ma , depending on which version of the mhl spec it is compatible with ) through the hdmi port to power the adapter and charge the phone . an mhl adapter will work just fine with a non-mhl tv . you just need to supply your own power from a regular charger . this is what the female microusb port on the mhl-to-hdmi adapters is for . you plug the charger into that , plug the hdmi cable into the tv , and mhl cable into the phone and you are off to the races . not all phones support mhl however , the nexus 4 in the question supports slimport instead .
ultimately i plugged the kindle into my macbook instead of my ubuntu machine , and it mounted it just fine . no idea what the issue is with my desktop - all other devices on the hub work fine , switching ports changed nothing , etc etc . if your device will not mount , try it with a different computer . for some reason .
as of the new and current minimalistic text version , it is possible to print the wifi ip and ssid information if you donate to the developer .
some questions , and hopefully some answers : so you are currently rooted , running one of the earlier leaks of froyo for the droid ? you are willing to switch to a mod cm6 ? or do you want to go back to plain vanilla stock without root ? if you are currently rooted and willing to try out a mod like cm6 , then go to the market and downlaod rom manager . make a nandroid backup of your phone before you do anything . then download and install cm6 via " download rom " -> cyanogenmod . you want 6.0 , not the rc version . when you download and install it , make sure you include google apps and wipe your data and cache . if you are wanting to go back to plain vanilla stock , be noted that apps like easyroot ( one click root access ) will not work for the latest version of froyo for the droid . you will have to downgrade to 2.1 to get root access back if you go this route . with that said , if you are rooted , go get rom manager . under download rom are " stock images " . one of those options is 2.2 frg01b with the option of root/unrooted . this should put you on the right path of plain vanilla stock . hope this helps , let me know if i misunderstood you and i will try to clarify .
no , probably not easily . this so answer points to using ffmpeg via the command line . it offers examples on audio and video conversion . for example : ffmpeg -i /tmp/a.3gp /tmp/a.mp3  this android shell command app is on the market , which could theoretically call ffmpeg , but it looks sketchy weighing in at only 2.5 stars . could be worth a try but it is tough to tell .
there is a really good thread of discussion about this on androidforums here . in short , leds have a long life span ( 20k+ hours ? ) . so the concern is not really the leds burning out ( although after a long period of time , they will eventually start losing the amount of output and their brightness will dim ) . the real concern is to not apply too much voltage to the led and overheat it . another concern would be overheating your battery ( due to heat dissipation from draining the battery from powering the led ) . in short , if you are only using the led for time periods less than half an hour , you should be okay . if you need to use it longer , go get a real flash light . : )
there are some solutions available on the playstore . one of them is traccar ( the link belongs to the android client ) , which logs to a traccar server you can define . the server software is open source ( at least that is what the app description claims ) , so you can use it on your own server . written in java , it should run on most operating systems . for more details on this , you might want to check with the traccar website .
the language setting was my key problem - after changing the os language from croatian to english ( u . s . ) , google now is miraculously ready to go ! watch the video how to get google now talking to you . . . for an instructional guide on changing your system language .
there is no " write-only " permission for access to gmail - it is either " read-only " or " full access " , meaning that the app in question will be able to both create and delete messages from your account . however , i would guess that adding and deleting mails are two very different things from a programming standpoint , so you should be ok :- ) !
no drivers are needed for adb devices in linux . the adb binary uses libusb to access the device . all you need to do is add device 's usb vendor id to ~/.android/adb_usb.ini
i had the very same problem with my io tablet ( samsung logo loop , sometimes the upload_cause screen , but never actualy booted ) . took me a lot of try/fails before i found a working solution . and this is it : you have to reflash not only the stock rom , but the stock bootloader too . i followed this tutorial and my tablet is working without a hitch ! good luck ! http://rootzwiki.com/topic/2525-guide-wi-fi-flashing-stock-bootloader-to-io-tab/
method 1 . the base way is to sync your contacts to your gmail account from your sony ericsson w810i if that is possible . then sync that account to your galaxy and your contacts will be copied ota easily . method 2 . sync all your contacts from your sony ericsson to outlook . then export those contacts from outlook to a csv file . once you have your contacts in csv file you can import that csv file to your gmail account and then sync that gmail account to your galaxy s 2 and you are done .
the youtube video refers to an xda page as shown below : that xda page gives further details about the cm9 rom , gapps and instructions . your lg p690 's hardware seems to be a close match to my lg p500 . so , if you are not satisfied with the rom mentioned , you can give a shot with lgp500 's rom - the chances of getting it working in your p690 is good . please search this site for details on knowing from where to download rom for p500 .
apparently this functionality lays on the keyboard . i would and old version of swype ( which came installed ) . after rooting , i followed this instructions to update swype and now i get this functionality back . good luck to everyone !
buy it on the amazon android app store . they are matching the prices of the android market and its lets you download it . just gives you a warning that you may be purchasing a game that does not work with your device . and , as of today ( 12/11 ) its still $ . 10
your best solution would be to " root " your device ( see here if you do not know what rooting is ) . basically " rooting " your phone will give you permission to do anything on your phone . you might find it strange but currently , you are not allowed to do many things with your phone even if you own it : ) anyways , getting back to the point . you can do the following things to make life easier for you:- remove some of the pre-installed applications which you do not use:- after rooting , you will be able to remove pre-installed applications . remove all of them which you do not use . you can use titanium backup for this purpose . integrate update of pre-installed apps:- some of these pre-installed applications ( including google applications such as gmail , play store , chrome , etc . ) receive an update at a later point of time . when they get updated , their old version does not get removed . they are still taking up space . after rooting you will be able to integrate the update so that older copies get actually replaced by new versions . you can use same titanium backup for this also . move as many apps as possible to sd card:- after rooting , you will be able to move any application to sd card . again , titanium backup to your help .
you do not need to compile the source code to get an idea of what aosp looks like ; if you download the android emulator , it includes a default device image that is just aosp plus a few developer tools , without any of the google services . this sums up to : the linux kernel , dalvik vm , java libraries , and android framework stock launcher ( including the various lock screens ) stock keyboard stock browser ( not chrome ) calculator calendar ( syncs to exchange ) camera clock download manager email ( syncs to imap and pop ) gallery ( which also include a media player ) messaging music ( not play music ) people phone search ( local apps , people , and the web via google , not google now ) settings various app widgets almost all of the essential android framework are part of aosp ( e . g . intent system , permission system , activity/service system , content provider system , app widget system , daydream system , standard ui elements , notification bar , dalvik vm , jit compiler , java standard libraries ( apache harmony ) , opengl and renderscript , multimedia framework , connectivity framework , gps , sensors , etc ) . the only significant part of the framework that are not aosp is google cloud messaging , which handles push service , and play store services , which provides application updates , in-app billing , and game services . since these services are highly dependant on google servers , they cannot really be a part of aosp . all of the android development tools are also part of aosp . some important google apps that are not part of aosp includes gmail , google maps , youtube , google now , google+ , chrome , hangout , and play store . here are some screenshots taken from android 4.3 emulator : the launcher , with some stock widgets , enough said : all the apps in aosp pretty much fits into one page , this has been the case since early android : all the widgets :
phone updates are an odd thing . manufacturers decide if the phone is capable of handling the update ( based on the device 's hardware ) and carriers decide when to push the updates to the handsets . there are exceptions , such as wifi only devices , where it is solely up to the manufacturer . however , system updates are generally a good thing . these updates bring bug fixes , security patches , and general improvements to the android experience . there have been some bad updates , that have broke existing features ; but these have been fixed within a few days and are few and far between on recent devices . but how to decide ? if you are hesitant at all to install the update , do some searching for the device and update . technology sites such as gizmodo and engadget post updates to many devices , especially if the update introduces problems . there are also many android specific blogs that post information of patches and updates . if no one is reporting problems then the update should be fine to install .
you are running sense that comes with these " extra " " sense like experience " apps . you are right , you cannot remove them by normal means . if you go to manage applications and select each htc app ( peep , facebook for htc sense ) you will not be given the option to uninstall them or delete them . if you do root your phone , you will be able to uninstall them via either adb or flashing some zips . you will not be able to just uninstall them the normal way once rooted . removing peep can possibly disrupt some htc widgets but you can still access twitter via the twitter app or other apps such as plume , tweetdeck etc . same thing for facebook/facebook for htc sense . friend stream is another htc app that integrates other social apps . users report different compatibility issues between friend stream and versions of the social apps . it does allow login with any version of facebook/twitter/flickr .
android does not have a default memo application , but most android app stores their database in /data/data/PACKAGE_NAME/databases/ . some applications write their data to the sdcard instead , so you might want to check that as well .
the official sony page says it has flash preinstalled ( look on the " in business " tab , " fast and full internet " section ) . the xperia mini pro meets the specs for adobe air , so i see no reason to believe you could not download air as well .
in android , afaik , when you connect to an active wi-fi network , mobile data ( gprs , 3g , etc ) will be disabled ( even if are turned on ) temporary . so it would be ok to just connect to the wi-fi network . but , if you want to be sure about disabling mobile data , you should go to settings -> wi-fi and networks -> mobile data and uncheck the option to disable mobile data . ( in ics it is in settings -> wireless and networks -> more -> mobile networks )
adb backup archives are a " all or nothing " solution when it comes to restore – which is what the " unsafe warning " is about . considering your circumstances , here are a few points to consider : do one " full backup " excluding your system apps cannot hurt , so you could restore that as-is . note , hoever , that this most likely also excludes data of system apps , which might include apns , contacts , calendars , etc . use e.g. helium backup ( no root required ) to create adb compatible backups of all your apps separately , so you can restore them separately . this can of course also be done on the command line ( specifying the package names ) , but this app makes it much more comfortable . create a full adb backup nevertheless , including everything ( except -shared , as data from your ( internal ) sdcard can be copied on file-level using any file manager ) . though you probably might not wish to directly restore it , you might still have use for it considering you are after rooting in the first place , here 's the background for my recommendations : if you succeed rooting your device , and have no side effects , all the above backups just gave you a " good feeling " , and you have no current need for them . but hey , it did not hurt ; could well be one of the following things happened : if you succeeded rooting , but had to factory-reset the device due to some side-effects , you could either use helium ( or adb restore ) to restore selected apps from their separate archives , or use adb restore to restore all of your user-space-apps in one run . but you could also use titanium backup to extract selected apps/data from the complete backup , and also restore some system data that way . if rooting failed , and you have to factory-reset your device , you at least can restore your user-space-apps and their data from that archive , or chose to only restore selected apps as described above . as for the size of 22 mb : that could be fine , or could be too small – depending on what apps you have installed , and how much data they have ; there are no absolutes for " user-apps-only " backups ( except of course for 0 byte files when you have at least 1 app installed ) .
with lbe privacy guard you can block positioning permissions for certain apps . you can download it here : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.lbe.security.lite it is important to note that lbe does require your phone to be rooted .
technically , ics can be put in samsung galaxy y duos s6102b . unfortunately , a ready-made rom featuring ics for the device is not available yet . so , unless you are a rom cooker and developer , you can not do this .
stock froyo ? no , not at the moment . custom rom ? take a look at xda forums , there are some roms currently in progress , but might be unstable on your phone .
your device seems to be quite easy to root . make sure you have samsung kies installed . download odin 1.8.3 go here and download the appropriate file for your firmware . to find out you firmware 's version , you can run dumpstate on the phone ( via adb shell or any terminal application ) . the fifth line of the output will contain the version identifier ( like Build: GINGERBREAD.XWKPG ) . start your phone in download mode . switch off your phone , and restart it while holding power + volume down + home enter download mode and plug your phone into your pc . start odin and put the firmware you just downloaded into the pda box . click start . your phone should reboot after a while . congratulations ! you are now rooted ! switch off your phone and reboot into recovery by holding volume up + home + power . wipe dalvik cache . reboot . source
you are going to need to install a sense-based rom . cyanogenmod is basically a customized build of the android open source project ( aosp ) code , which is released in source form by google . they use only open source components , and sense is a proprietary , closed source ui made by htc . installing a rom with sense is very easy , though . the procedure will be just like flashing cm - boot into recovery and flash a . zip file with the rom that you want ( alternatively , install via rom manager , whatever you prefer ) . there are custom sense roms as well as " stock " rooted roms floating around . the xda boards have a handful of each . you can find a rooted stock rom here , though , if you are looking to go back to the original system as provided by htc ( but retaining root ) . edit : i answered this under the assumption that you have no backups to work with , but if you used clockworkmod to create a backup of your system before installing cm7 ( which is highly advised for any future readers out there ! ) , you can restore that backup and . . . well , be back where you were on a stock rooted system . after all , that is the point of the backup !
for the drain caused by google play services , install the xposed framework and the module wakelock terminator . the free version lets you block 1 app , and that is all you need . open up wakelock terminator , choose to block google play services , and filter it with the following : nlpcollectorwakelock nlpwakelock checkinservice networklocationlocator . of course , your device must be rooted . if it isnt , try disabling location access when you are not using it
the main difference that i can see is the type of accounts that are supported : the gmail app is limited to accounts from google : username@gmail.com read and respond to your conversations online and offline manage multiple accounts view and save attachments set up label notifications email app : username@your_domain.com the main feature is that it works with all email providers , but its a very basic app , you can send and receive emails , but no search capabilities present .
it looks like someone sent htc an email back in july and got the following response : i understand you want to know which speed is the best for your device as far as sd card is concerned . we have tested the devices on a class 4 speed . i could not recommend anything higher than that . the phone may be capable of running a higher-class speed , but we have only tested it on a class 4 . you may also want to email htc support and see what they officially say . from i have been reading , people have been using class 6 just fine . not sure about 8 or 10 .
this seemed to solve itself . after trying again just now , it worked . must have been a server-side thing . sorry i can not help anyone else that has this issue .
some tablets support usb hubs . source
hint : just try the combination with the other volume button if you enter the wrong mode ( that is what i do because i cannot remember the button trick either and do trial and error every other time i need this . launch your software , prepare the ftf for flashing and only then do the following to enter flash mode : switch off the phone ( remove battery maybe ) press the volume down button and hold it ( while holding ) plug in the usb cable if successful , the led should turn green just for the record , to enter fastboot mode : switch off the phone ( remove battery maybe ) press the volume up button and hold it ( while holding ) plug in the usb cable if successful , the led should turn blue if i mixed something up , please correct me .
samsung galaxy player 4.0 is not actually a phone per se , so it is hard to use it as such ( without some help at least ) : any of the following solutions answers your question the way you intended it to be answered , but this is the result of a deep investigation and testing that might help you or help others in the future . 1 ) just like a bluetooth handset : with a fair amount of limitations , you can pair the galaxy player to your smartphone just like pairing a bluetooth headset : turn on bluetooth on both devices , make the galaxy player discoverable , and scan with the phone . once the devices recognized each other and got paired , the player shows up connected to the phone . when a call gets to the smartphone , the galaxy player will ring as well . the screen does look just like the incoming call screen on a smartphone , providing an option to answer or decline the call . initiating a call from the smartphone , will automatically activate the galaxy player , just like it would with a bluetooth headset . if the galaxy player and your smartphone are close together , lets say it the same room , the call has a good quality , just like if you were talking on your phone . the power consumption for this solution is very low , so its a thumbs up as well . sadly , the contacts list on the galaxy player will do you no good , since it actually can not initialize any calls . 2 ) using wifi : one tested alternative with a very lost cost can be signing up with a service that directs texts and/or calls to the galaxy player . e.g. , google voice , see the international calling rates the only drawback using any service like google voice on the galaxy player is that you can only receive/send text messages and calls when connected to wi-fi , unlike a normal phone . google voice is a feature-rich call forwarding service . you get one phone number that will ring all of your phones ( cell or landline ) . with it , you can receive voicemails and text messages ( no multimedia messages/mms , though ) . being a part of your google account , you have access to all of your messages ; call logs and more . google voice @ google play 3 ) using voip signing up with a service with a voip solution , it is possible to make actual calls from the galaxy player ( or any device with speaker and microphone ) . e.g. , line2 , see the plans comparison this service does not get you stuck to a contract , extra fees or a period of time . so , if a better solution appear in the future , you can stop using it immediately .
the short answer is that managed items are items that can only be purchased once per user and that google play keeps track of their purchase , unmanaged items are not tracked by google play and they can be purchased multiple times . a fuller description is given in google 's in-app billing version 2 : managed per user account — items that can be purchased only once per user account on google play . when a user purchases an item that uses the " managed per user account " product type , google play permanently stores the transaction information for each item on a per-user basis . this enables you to later query google play to restore the state of the items a specific user has purchased . if a user attempts to purchase a managed item that has already been purchased , google play prevents the user from purchasing the item again and displays an " item already purchased " error . the " managed " product type is useful if you are selling items such as game levels or application features . these items are not transient and usually need to be restored whenever a user reinstalls your application , wipes the data on their device , or installs your application on a new device . unmanaged — items that do not have their transaction information stored on google play . this means that you cannot later query google play to retrieve transaction information for those items . for " unmanaged " purchases , you are responsible for managing the transaction information . also , google play does not attempt to prevent the user from purchasing an item multiple times if it uses the " unmanaged " product type . it is up to you to control how many times an unmanaged item can be purchased . the " unmanaged " product type is useful if you are selling consumable items , such as fuel or magic spells . these items are consumed within your application and are usually purchased multiple times . note that only version 2 of the in-app billing deals with both managed and unmanaged , version 3 only deals with the managed in-app product type .
yes , any phone that has a front-facing camera and is running gingerbread ( android 2.3 . x ) and above will be able to join and initiate hangouts with the latest version of google+ app .
as far as i am aware , android basically just does not work this way . you can turn off the screen ( "sleep " mode ) and put it into airplane mode for some extra battery saving , but there is no " standby " equivalent like on a laptop . the processor should underclock itself when you do this , too ( how much probably depends on the device ) . and , as lie ryan points out in the comments , for phones this is largely due to the fact that a call could come at any time . i would guess honeycomb 's behavior is essentially a hold-over from that since it is easier than rewriting it . that being said , if you just want a book reader , you might consider something like a nook color . the iconia is really a full-fledged tablet pc ( though running android ) , but something designed specifically for e-reading will probably offer better battery life .
i had this issue - it is not that a fix does not come , it is just that it is taking a very long time to get a fix . this is due to the lack of the downloaded agps data - it can not download the data , and so has to rely on solely gps satellited , which takes ages . if you have been disconnected from the internet for a while , then you will suffer from these effects . agps data is cached for a few days , or when you change location , so if you just disconnected , gps should work for a while afterwards . ( you should also check to make sure that the google system is enabled for location use )
cloning a sim card is not what you think it is . apart from the simple contacts information , the only thing stored on it is a code which identifies your phone to your carrier . it is like a user id , which the carrier can use to look up which plan you are on and what phone number you should have . although cloning a sim card is possible , it is not something you want to do as a customer . it is a technique used by crackers to impersonate another user to the phone network , in order to illicitly receive their phone calls . it may be illegal where you live . think of the sim card like a credit card . it belongs to the carrier : they just lend it to you for the purpose of using their service . if your bank sends you a new card , or you change bank , you do not " clone " your old card onto your new one : you just use the new card . and , just like a bank card , if your carrier did not send you the new card as a replacement for the old one , then it refers to a completely different account . if you simply want to move your old phone number to your new phone , you need to contact your ( old ) carrier to do this .
i have used both quality bluetooth and wired headsets adapters with my htc desire without anybody complaining about sound quality . in general i do not think you can go wrong with plantronics headsets , i have been using their landline ones for years .
your numbers are not synced to google contacts . your friends need to install the official google+ app in order to see your numbers .
now , the only option you have : flash rom over usb using odin ( if you have windows pc ) . you can find firmware files for your device on internet ( look xda forum ) .
i believe you backed up from recovery , correct ? if that is the case , then the backup should contain everything that was on your phone before the backup -- apps , saved games , etc . so restoring the backup should have restored angry birds and its save data , as long as that was present before the backup . titanium can back up the app , the app 's data , or both . it does require root . non-root users have to deal with recovery backups , which are not as flexible since you can not restore only bits and pieces -- it is all or nothing . of course , the sd card is easy to back up ( plug it into a computer ) and some apps may allow you to export data . you had have to ask rovio why they chose not to use a database , but i would guess it is because the save data is so simple . if you open the file it is almost human-readable text . even easier to back up than a database .
by workspace you mean homescreen ? you could try a custom launcher , like apex or nova , which allow you to backup your homescreens .
some options : try hitting menu -> refresh in gmail , there should be a notification prompting you to re-enter the password . if it is in the notification bar , pull it down and click it . clear the cache and data for all google apps on your phone : gmail , gmail storage , google framework services , talk , accounts , play store , etc . via Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications -&gt; All . if your phone lets you , go to Settings -&gt; Accounts and sync and remove and re-add the account .
my suspicion that rom manager does not support sd-ext backup is quite confirmed with my experience . while looking for alternatives , i understood that there are these three recoveries available : clockwork mod recovery ( cwm ) amon ra recovery teamwin recovery ( twrp ) i tried the twrp 2.2.2.1 from its xda thread and i am glad to inform that it did back up my ext3 partition . other than this benefit , i have a touch interface which is much easier in par with cmw 's user interface .
based on what i have read so far , this may be a bluetooth issue . some people have fixed the issue by : using only 1 bt device . if you have connected both a bt keyboard and bt mouse , disable one of them . disabling wi-fi . having both wi-fi and bt seems to trigger a repeating key issue . using external keyboard helper pro . it has a do not repeat option . link to app . at the end of the thread , it mentions that bt was re-engineered in android 4.2 . so if you upgrade to 4.2 , that should fix the issues you are having .
i would put it into the keyboard 's user dictionary . there are a few clipboard/snippet manager application , you might be interested if you need to store longer texts : clipper text snippet lite ime
you can use a custom lock screen . just pick the one that you like
eduardo you are right , there is already a way to do this with the standard messaging app . you have to disable the " group messaging " setting in the messaging app . not sure if this setting is available on all versions of android but i have v4.4.2
yes you can lagfix without rooting by flashing a kernel like voodoo through odin . but this will void your warranty anyways . if it helps , the sgs phones are very easy to unroot and revert to stock to hide what you did .
a system update will most likely un-root your phone , but if all you have is the tethering hack , i would recommend updating , re-rooting , and reinstalling the hack , after making sure the the hack is supported in the next version .
use xperia notes app . this allows you to add texts , draw pictures and record audios as well . it also has a widget . but the app may not be compatible with your device .
there should have been a warning when you begin the encryption that you had to agree to . the only way to unencrypt it is to perform a factory reset , thereby wiping your data partition completely .
a very simple way ( but one that inquires a small cost ) is to use something like wifi file explorer . the free version allows you to download files from a device on the same network as your pc , the pro version enables uploading and downloading directories . wifi file explorer ( click image to enlarge ) as for reading the sd card directly from the computer , i have not found anything that gives instructions on how to do this . but if i find anything , i will let you know !
android studio contains adb in folder android-studio\sdk\platform-tools it is possible to add to path in windows and use terminal inside android studio only by command : " adb shell " and after use " su " get root shell . locate android studio platform tools folder ( eg : c:\android-studio\sdk\platform-tools ) open enviroment variables in windows ( http://www.computerhope.com/issues/ch000549.htm ) add platform tools to end of path ( eg : ; c:\android-studio\sdk\platform-tools ) reopen android studio use terminal with command : " adb shell " older windows will maybe need reboot after change path variables .
best answer i have found so far : you could try clearing all data from the keyboard . Menu&gt;Settings&gt;Applications&gt;Running Applications then tap All . scroll down and find Internation Keyboard ( if thats the one you are using ) and Clear Data . source : sony ericsson support forum of course , it will also set the keyboard to the original settings . anyway , i would like to find a way to remove some misspellings and not all the learned words , so if somebody knows how to do it , i will be glad to hear from it .
apparently , " this is not a user-configurable option right now " . i am not sure if that is a general android problem , or a specific cyanogenmod one . totally clueless about why , of course .
there is a thread on google groups that covers this issue . by the answer provided by analikeslattes , this is being considered and possible prepared by google staff since 5/1/12: android instant upload to drive hi all , thanks for your input . we have heard many requests along these lines , and are definitely looking into potential solutions on our end . i will do my best to keep this forum updated once relevant features start to become available . in the meantime , please keep posting your requests about the drive android app ! we are always excited to hear from our users . cheers , ana as far as i can tell , this is not yet implemented and a year has passed . since both applications are from google and they alone can take the necessary steps to have this feature implemented properly , i would suggest to you and any interested person to visit the thread and leave the " feature-wish " there . app suggestion while it would be great to have a native solution for this problem , oliver salzburg commented on my post at google+ about this issue refering the app suggested bellow , that i have just now tested and is working beautifully sending all of my files to my desired destination on the google drive . foldersync lite foldersync is a application that enables simple sync to cloud based storage to and from local folders on the device memory card . it currently support multiple skydrive , dropbox , sugarsync , ubuntu one , box .net, livedrive , hidrive , google docs , netdocuments , amazon s3 , ftp , ftps , sftp , webdav or windows share ( samba/cifs ) accounts , and support for more platforms are planned . you do not need more than 5 minutes to complete the 3 basic steps : add your google drive account add a folderpair start the sync process
that calendar app is the default included in aosp . carrier and manufacturer customizations frequently replace the aosp variants in favor of modified versions . this is what is happened with the galaxy sii updates . instead of vanilla android you received touchwiz . if you had like it on your phone , you can install it from the play store or flash a custom rom like cyanogemod or aokp .
i ended up looking at cyanongenmod 's source code and figured out how they did it . here is my working . sh script : echo 'boot-recovery ' &gt; /cache/recovery/command echo '--update_package=/sdcard/update.zip' &gt;&gt; /cache/recovery/command reboot recovery 
you do not need an external tool for this . on the versions of the play store with the new " simplified " permissions dialog , you can still find a full list of permissions from the app 's store page ( the screen with the icon at the top , description , screenshots , and c . ) . scroll down to the bottom of the page . under " additional information " you will see " permissions " with a link " view details " . click this link to see a dialog with the list of individual permissions . however , if you do want an external tool , appbrain is an alternative web front-end to the play store , and lists the permissions individually for each app . from there you can click through to install the app from the real play store . not all apps appear on appbrain , but many of them do , especially the popular apps . there is also a resource offered by izzy , a good friend of this site . his website offers a curated list of apps , searchable by permissions . it also gives a fuller description of each permission , and highlights interesting combinations . because apps are added to his site by a manual process , it is a very small list compared to the huge number of apps on the play store , but consists of a good range of recommended and popular apps in different categories .
the connectbot developers recommend full keyboard to issue keyboard shortcuts . but there are also other keyboards .
when i had the original nexus 7 ( now dead ) , there was no way to delete a page from the homescreen . so , i am not surprised the nexus 7 v2 still does not have this feature . on the original nexus 7 , i flashed the cyanogenmod rom , which uses the trebuchet launcher . this launcher had the feature to delete a page from the homescreen . if flashing a new rom is overkill , you can install a new launcher , as t0mm13b suggested . i personally use nova launcher on my samsung galaxy s4 , which lets me delete a home screen by launching Nova Settings from the home screen ( via left soft key ) , and going to Desktop &gt; Home Screens .
give this a go : try to stay away from magnetic fields as far as you can open gps essentials and tap on compass ( calibration will not work when the compass is not showing ) put the phone on a flat surface with the display pointing up move the phone slowly , 5 seconds per full rotation is ok rotate the phone three full cycles around the axis pointing upward rotate the phone three full cycles around the axis pointing away from you rotate the phone three full cycles around the axis pointing right the direction of rotation does not matter this should fix your problem . credit to lepidas on xda
do not know of any youtube option for that end , but if you are open to use an app to limit other apps , you can give a go to onavo count | monitor data that has an option to limit the app to wi-fi only : save money on your mobile bill - avoid costly overage fees ! onavo count puts you in control of your 3g data plan . easy setup , three brand new widgets , tailored alerts and automatic blocking tools will keep you safe from bloated data bills .
as your original question still is not answered and i wondered the same , here 's the answer . short answer : no , without root it is not possible to run an smb server using the default ports so that it is found by windows pcs . long answer : smb either runs on ports 137-139 ( udp and tcp ) using netbios or on newer systems ( from windows vista onwards ) directly on tcp port 445 where in the latter case computer names are resolved by the llmnr ( link-local multicast name resolution ) protocol which runs on udp port 5355 . why is this important ? apps not running as root can not bind to unprivileged ports ( &lt ; 1024 ) . it is possible to use alternative ports for smb but windows is hard-wired to just listen to the default ones . so i guess if you use linux or a separate smb client for windows which allows to connect to a server with a custom port number it is probably possible . but it is not really a straight-forward way .
i completely forgot about the adb_usb . ini file in the \USER_NAME\.android folder . added 0x0C2E to the bottom , restarted adb and all is good . so , full instructions : get device hardware ids from device manager in the form of USB\VID_1234&amp;PID_5678&amp;MI_90 enable driver : open file \android-sdks\extras\google\usb_driver\android_winusb.inf add under both [Google.NTx86] [Google.NTamd64]  save and close . installing drive : find device in device manager and update driver . choose browse let me pick have disk browse select \android-sdks\extras\google\usb_driver\android_winusb.inf ok choose Android Composite ADB Inerface next accept unsigned warning if shown . for windows 8 you may need to enable the installation of unsigned drivers , just google it . update adb : open file \USE_NAME\.android\adb_usb.ini add to the bottom 0x1234 ( this is the vid part with the 0x identifying it as hexadecimal ) save and close restart the adb by either eclipse : show the Devices view click the facing down triangle in the top right corner of the view click reset adb command prompt : open command prompt cd to your \android-sdks\platform-tools\ folder run adb kill-server run adb start-server all done .
the solution is to buy a galaxy tab . my nexus is dead . asus not even accepts it to make a diagnostic . the " global " warranty is not valid in brazil . by a better quality product from a company that respect their users .
i should have identified that this problem only occurs when mounting the media remotely using cifsmanager . better late than never , i suppose . the solution is to pass a parameter using the options field : iocharset=utf8 . the parameter tells the cifs module to use utf8 as the character set when it mounts the samba share . this may become unnecessary in the future , as it would make sense to have this set by default in the first place .
slashgear has an article with a set of pictures showing the internals of the archos 7 , slashgear : archos 7 home tablet clears fcc picture 6 on this page has the wifi module and antenna labelled , unfortunately as i do not have one i can not quite work out the orientation of the parts in that picture as to how they relate to the full device , you might be able to . there are also a number of videos on youtube and elsewhere on the web of it being taken to pieces by owners where you can see the internals , search for something like " archos 7 disassembled " to find them .
i used to have this problem a lot on my droid . i believe it has something to do with the headphones and how some music apps react to you plugging them in/out . my solution ? i use tasker to make two profiles : not headset plugged music stop media volume 0 headset plugged music stop media volume 5 the volume is not necessary ( just so i do not blare loud music into my ears when i put in my ear buds or sets it 0 if i unplug my headphones and it somehow is still playing ) . so in other words every time i plug in or out my headphones , it stops all music . since i have done this , i have had no more problems .
some android phones , like the nexus one , have special contacts that tell the os when the phone has been docked . the desire actually does not have these so can not automatically detect that it has been docked . car home can still be launched manually . another option is to look at an app like tasker . you could configure car home to be launched when certain conditions are met , like the phone is on charge and in a vertical position ( so docked ) . there are many other ways you could use tasker for this .
app specific settings are usually stored in the internal storage folder accessible only to that app . while apps do have the ability to write to external storage and lose access to that data when you mount it , i doubt that is the case here . when you install and move an app to the sd card , you are not moving the entire app . some core content of the app still stays on the internal storage . however , moving an app to the external storage has some interesting side effects . the app is completely disabled when you connect your device to the computer , on pre honeycomb devices . android 3.0 onwards , the usb storage was switched to mtp , which allows the device and the computer to access the storage simultaneously . in your case , when you connect to the computer , the apps on the sd card are disabled , causing them to disappear temporarily . as for them not reappearing when you disconnect and restart your phone suggests that there is a bug in the launcher you are using . try using a different third party launcher instead .
as we checked out on chat , the file was not ( as originally expected ) some compressed xml in any known format -- so there seems to be no easy way to read the contents of that file . which leaves you with a few options : re-flash the stock image to your device , import the backup , then use a good backup app like sms backup and restore to back up your sms . after that , flash back your current rom , and import with the same app . this should always work ( and did in the op 's case ) , but means a bit of effort as one has to flash the device at least two more times ( to stock , and back to current ) . before doing this , consider making a backup if you already put some customization/configuration work into your current rom . similar : use an android emulator ( the one from the sdk , or jar of beans ) , load the same android version you had on your device before , import the backup , and use one of the mentioned apps to export it from the emulator , as well as to import it on your device . note : this might only work for " plain vanilla android " , as the emulator will most likely not support device-specific ( or manufactur-specific ) stuff . unless there is an emulator around supporting device-specific images , of course . in the op 's case it did not work , as the app in question was bound to htc 's sense stuff . unfortunately we have been unable to determine the file format used . for completeness , one other thing we tried : if a complete nandroid backup is available , the sms database can be found in /data/data/com.android.providers.telephony/databases/mmssms.db and explored using any sqlite frontend ( recommendation for a graphical one : sqliteman ) . unfortunately , in this case the database was empty due to the wipe occuring when unlocking the device .
user poo-tang provided an answer in the xda forums : xperia play games do not work this way so will not be interchangeable . these new games are hid ( native android built in virtual controller/mouse ) supported ( only available on android 3.1 and up ) xperia play uses sony framework only . the games are coded for one or another ( sometimes both if developer has added support for both )
you describe the options displayed with a word highlighted including " share " . behind this item hides an entire menu , the so-called " share menu " , where many apps plug themselves in as receivers for compatible content . a highlighted word might serve as such content for several things -- e.g. a web search ( so google search could pick it ) , send by mail/sms , or -- the interesting part here -- some dictionary/translator app . while i would suspect google search could cover that as well , i want to give you another interesting idea : colordict dictionary wikipedia is an app that can be used for online and offline " word lookup " in dictionaries , be it translation , synonyms , or definitions . the app supports a bunch of dictionaries for offline use , as well as several online dictionaries and , the name suggests it , wikipedia . if it integrates with the " share menu " ( which i guess it does ) , this would make the perfect candidate for you : colordict ( source : google play ; click images for larger variants )
i would recommend checking out locale , it is meant for this kind of automation . or tasker could work too , and it has a 7-day free trial on the manufacturer 's page .
let 's talk about sets , baby android 's backup service has a concept called a set : the set of all data backed-up from one device ( on one transport , but that is a detail ) . each set is identified by a unique string , such as the imei on the device . when an app ( or the list of installed apps ) is backed up , its backup data go into the set associated with the device it is being backed up from . all the sets are still specific to the user 's google account . if you wipe your device and sell it to someone else , he will not be able to access that device 's set unless he can log into your google account . default behaviour when an app is installed , or a device has its list of apps restored , the backup system first looks in that device 's set for backup data for that package . if it does not find any ( either because it is a completely new device with no backed-up data , or because that package has never been installed on that device ) , it'll expand the search to other sets . ( if there is a choice , it'll use the last set that was used for a full-device restore . ) thus , when you set up a new device , it'll restore the list of apps from an old device 's backup , and restore each app from the old device 's backup . if you had an app installed on one device and you install it on another device , the app will be restored with its data from the old device . in either case , the data are now backed up into the new device 's set , which means that the backup data from the two devices are separate from now on . after you factory-reset a device , it'll restore from that device 's last backup if there is one , and failing that , from some other device 's backup if there is one , but it will start to create its own set from then on . that is why nalum 's two devices do not see each others ' backed-up apps : they are each restoring from their own last backups . source this mechanism does not have any user-facing documentation , since it is supposed to automatically do the right thing , but the code is available . bmgr: basic use as izzy found , the bmgr tool gives you some control over this process . it is intended as an aid for programmers to help test and debug the backup integration in their apps . you can use this tool in an adb shell to trigger backups and restores of chosen packages , wipe packages ' backed-up data , and even a whole-device restore . do not try to use it in an on-device shell except as root : you need the system-level android.permission.BACKUP to do anything interesting with it . you can make an app update its backed-up data immediately : bmgr backup com.shadowburst.showr bmgr run  ( or whatever the app 's package name is ) . there is not normally any need to do this , as apps request their own backups whenever their data changes , but this lets you work around a badly-written app . to restore one package from the backed-up data it would choose by default : bmgr restore com.shadowburst.showr  but again , this will only do what the device would do on its own , so you should not need to use it . note also that the device already needs to be installed to make this work . more control now for the stuff that the backup system will not do on its on . to see what sets of backed-up data are available : bmgr list sets  and you will get some output like this :  3ff7800e963f25c5 : manta 3f0e5c90a412cca7 : manta 3dd65924a70e14c8 : TF101 3baa67e9ce029355 : m0  the 64-bit hex number on the left is a token . you will need this in a minute . the thing on the right is a ( relatively ) friendly name for the device that owns the set . for example , manta is the code name for the nexus-10 ; tf-101 refers to the original asus-eee-pad-transformer . once you have figured out which set you want , you can restore an app from that set using its token : bmgr restore 3ff7800e963f25c5 com.shadowburst.showr  you can add more package names to the end of the command to restore several packages at once , or you can specify no package name ( just the token ) to restore every app with data in that set ( that is , it does a full-system restore ) . finally , you can wipe an app 's data from the current set : bmgr wipe com.shadowburst.showr  this will make its next backup operation start from scratch . this might be useful after uninstalling an app , if an error in the app corrupted its backup data and you do not want it restored . you can not make a device start writing into a different set , nor can you wipe a whole set .
this will not answer your question for google maps , specifically , but have you tried using an offline map application such as mapdroyd ? would that suit your needs ? you download the entire map beforehand and therefore would not have to use your data to view the map .
with later updates to the system , it seems that the issue has resolved itself .
there are different approaches to app2sd , which are briefly explained in our app2sd tag-wiki . the app2sd built-in to android only moves parts of the app to sdcard , while other parts ( e . g . the app 's data and its dalvik cache ) remain on internal storage . how much ( or what percentage ) gets moved varies from app to app – which is what you experience in the described case . moreover , an app needs to explicitly support this mechanism . there are different other approaches pre-installed with some custom roms ( such as app2sd+ ) , or separately installable on rooted devices ( such as link2sd or data2sd ) trying to fill this gap ; to completely move an app out of internal storage , one often has to use combinations of at least two of those tools . please see the linked tag-wiki for closer details .
its shows that your phone is in extended standby mode . you can find it in Settings-&gt;PowerManagemnet extended standby mode increases the standby time by reducing the background activities when the phone is in standby mode . data will automatically be turned off and background activities will be stopped from waking up , while applications will also be prevented from syncing data . you will still be able to receive calls and texts , while the calendar application and alarms will still feature normally . as soon as you unlock your smartphone it'll go returning to functioning normally . any ongoing downloads or bluetooth transfer will be allowed to complete and once completed data will be turned off . extended standby mode is replaced with stamina mode for xperia running on jellybean or higher source : sony
currently , i have only seen two browsers on the android platform that display svg . the opera mini browser displays static svg . it seems to run scripting for a very short period of time , but does not run it continuously . it also does not appear to run smil animations . the fennec ( firefox mobile ) beta browser also displays static svg , as well as running scripting . it is still in beta and relatively huge . it does not run all of my example scripts successfully , but it does run some . i can not test smil animations , because i removed it to free up a large amount of space on my phone .
a google search shows me a lot of people have this question . . . looks like it is still an issue . although one post here says image viewer ( with animation ) v1.0 from androlib . com helped ( i have not tried it ) .
the kindle fire will function as it normally would , but you cannot use the video on demand service while you are rooted . the amazon appstore functions fine even if you are rooted . you can revert to the " original functionality " with the " unroot " button provided by superoneclick . nobody knows this but amazon . honeycomb was not open-sourced when the fire was being developed , and amazon forked the android open source code to create the kindle fire 's codebase . thus , the fire was built using the newest available source at the time of development - gingerbread . i rooted my kindle fire ~30 minutes after i got it , largely because i wanted access to the market but also to ease any development i do with it . everything works like normal except vod ( as noted above ) .
i finally found the solution . yes adb of beaglebone is rooted but there is not a su binary . so i was not able to execute this code within my app : process proc = runtime . getruntime ( ) . exec ( "su mount -t vfat -o rw /dev/block/sd* /storage/usb1" ) ; but i finally find a program to root beaglebone black and install a valid su binary . you can download it here : http://www.unlockroot.com/unlockroot.html but be careful ! it installs bunch of unwanted programs to your computer too . once you install the program , connect your beaglebone via usb . first you need to unroot beaglebone . so open the program , you downloaded , and click unroot . it will take a couple of minutes . then restart your beaglebone and click root from program . then restart your beaglebone again . and voila :d you have 100% rooted beaglebone with a valid su binary . you can mount and unmount usb storages and copy files within your application . but you should do it like that :
what are you putting in for the package name that it does not like ? beginner mode vs non-beginner mode should not matter . package name has to have at least one . in it to be valid . usually you can just use your email backwards along with a unique name for the app . say your email is someone@gmail . com and you are trying to export an app you want to call myapp . the package name could be com . gmail . someone . myapp .
yes . you will use it as a regular phone , but will be disconnected from the networks ( facebook , twitter , ims , sync , etc ) yes . you can access your calendar offline . and yes , you can sync when wi-fi is available . yes , you just disable data traffic .
there are two options from my point of view : buy a cheap replacement from ebay ( search for ' ba-s410 htc battery ' , the nexus one also has the same battery ) leave it ' charging ' , maybe it revives on its own background : liion batteries need a safety circuit because they must stay within certain charging levels ( not under nor overcharged ) . if that circuit detects undercharge it may just think it is dead and prevent further charging for safety reasons .
you can install cyanogenmod or any number of custom roms , but it sounds like you will need to develop a specific rom for your situation . if you only want the user to run a single app , i would imagine you had have to develop an app that declares itself as a home screen/launcher , and have your rom only include that app as the main launcher . this is basically how barnes and noble made the nook simple touch . their own launcher is very limited and does not let you install apps or see anything that looks like android . as soon as you get root via an exploit , you can easily install your own launcher that gives you access to the standard android interface and turns the nook simple touch into a fully fledged ( if limited ) tablet . a specific implementation is outside the focus of this stackexchange site , but you can get programming advice at stackoverflow . com
there are stock firmware images available for download here that can be flashed with the sp flash tool . in terms of creating your own rom ( cwm-based or otherwise ) , that is beyond the scope of this site .
summary from my comments , as requested , as an answer : there are plenty of other headset controller apps on the playstore if you are worried about the permissions . i tried jays once , but it only worked partially ( in 9 out of 10 tries , i had no luck to adjust the volume -- instead , other actions were triggered , as e.g. pause/play ) . having a philips headset , i tried philips headset -- and am quite satisfied : volume control , play/pause/skip , accept/refuse/hangup call , all possible smoothly . most of the headset control apps want to make calls . as my device is rooted , i control such things with the lbe app : neither jays nor philips headset abused this privilege . most headset control apps seem to work with most headsets , more or less . as my example with jays and a philips headset shows , some features might not be available/working . but you cannot break anything trying . so i would suggest to give it a try first : if one app does not work out , try another . if none works the way you need it , you still can go for another headset ; having checked some of the control apps , you then already know which companies have a specific app . as said , my philips headset works fine with the philips app -- others reported the same for jays . reading the comments will give you more details and help you finding a good combination .
i ended up contacting twitter support and they verified ownership of the account using a dm .
installing a recovery and flashing your rom download your recovery . img or wahtever the name is to your fastboot folder . adb reboot bootloader fastboot flash recovery recovery . img fastboot reboot recovery now use your recovery to flash your rom . at this point you may not be able boot into your rom if you do not have s-off . but give it a try . if it works then forget the next few lines . copy the boot . img file from inside your rom and copy it to your fasboot folder . adb reboot bootloader fastboot flash boot boot . img . now you can reboot to boot into your rom .
only the paid apps you have purchased will be listed under the " not installed " category indefinitely . i believe it takes a few hours ( or sometimes days ) for the market app to sync with google servers to refresh the list of installed apps .
modern phones use li-ion and li-poly batteries . so the battery life is not affected by whether you charge them at 0% or 90% . it only has a long term effect . batteries degrade with every charge cycle . a cycle is usually a recharge from below 50% . so charging while the battery capacity is still relatively high has a long term effect of less degradation . the other frequent pseudoscientific habit that has no roots is a technique many call " formatting " , where you leave your battery plugged in for 16 hours or 3 * 8 hours with discharge in between or any other baseless claim by anyone on any forum or phone shop . if they do not have scientific evidence do not believe them .
based on my experience with chinese-made mid , we can extract it only if we have the access to it is kernel ( which usually the manufacturer does not release it ) . maybe you can start looking for the solution at tabletrepublic . com forum . find the specific device model and chipset used , and i am sure there will be a lot devs out there willing to help .
tl ; dr version : just use the gps . long version : turn on wifi positioning ( "location and security > use wireless network" ) , turn on gps ( "location and security > use wireless network" ) , use google maps ( or other gps applications ) , then walk/drive around your city . when you turn on both of these services , before the gps acquires a " fix " , android will send the wifi 's mac/ssid and cell tower base stations cid/lac around you to google 's server and google 's server will send back your location information ; after the gps acquires a " fix " , your device will send the wifi mac/ssid , cell tower cid/lac , and your gps location to google 's server and google 's server will collect this information to refine their own wifi database . note : i believe the device could also be sending other data , like signal strength and possibly ping latency ; but i am not sure about the specifics of these . also from google 's support forum : by christopher ( google employee ) if your location is being incorrectly detected by a google maps or latitude using google 's cell id ( cell tower ) or wifi ( wireless network ) location database , you can help provide updated info to correct google 's database using google maps for mobile . at this time , you cannot provide individual updates to google 's location databases , though they are being updated and improved constantly over time . open google maps on an android 2.0+ , windows mobile , or symbian s60 phone and enable gps . while maps is simultaneously connected to a gps satellite and a cell tower or wifi router , you will be providing updated anonymous geographic data for the cell tower or wifi router to which you are connected . please note that this data is anonymous and may require a significant amount of data from you and other users before changes are made to google 's location database . android : you must enable settings > location and security > use wireless networks and have previously given consent for anonymous location data collection . you can check if you have given consent by un-checking and re-checking the ' use wireless networks ' setting .
also see http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=734138 for a discussion about how they might . mechanisms other than apn change might include time to live request header data volume answer seems to be probably not .
not likely , the flash storage itself usually have built-in hardware wear leveling , yaffs2 is only advantageous when the flash storage does not have hardware wear levelling . however if you are reformatting a flash storage , do check that the flash storage have hardware wear leveling ; most flash storage that originally ships with ext4 ( e . g . nexus s ) should come with hardware wear leveling , but if the device originally ships with yaffs2 or other file systems that does not do wear leveling , they might not have hardware wear leveling . on these file systems , you might need additional steps to ensure that a lower level driver do software wear leveling if you want to safely install ext4 ( or other filesystems that does not do wear leveling ) .
theming is independent of the launcher , although both may be considered part of the ui ; for example , the touchwiz launcher and theme are elements of samsung 's touchwiz ui . my samsung vibrant is running a custom rom called bionix , and they have re-themed the device so my checkboxes look like this ( perhaps the only thing i dislike about the rom ) :
tap anywhere on the page and the menu reappears .
the following application : soundabout allows you to disable the headphone plug/unplug event detection in the settings : select wired headset behaviour and remove the tick from the wired headset detection ( ticked by default ) from my understanding what it basically does is that it registers a broadcast receiver for the following broadcast with the intent : intent . action_headset_plug and the receiver cancels the event using the abortbroadcast method . as previously mentioned by @nightcrawler most media player on android like poweramp , play music , vlc etc all have an extra setting to specify their behaviour on a headphone plug/unplug event ( ignore/comply )
i do not know how to get it by the adb command . but you can get it programmably with the sdk . there is a class build which have many information of the current running phone , such as you wanted model number can be got by the build . model .
on a pretty much vanilla build on my evo , i can get to it by going into Settings-&gt;Wifi-&gt;(Menu Button)-&gt;Advanced . it is listed as " keep wifi on during sleep " . just be sure to tap on the left half of the " wifi " menu item , since the right half is simply the toggle .
with most ota updates someone inevitably pulls the raw . zip file off some server and posts it online for others to use before they get the official ota notice on their phones . if your phone is currently on build number grh78 then download this . zip file . if your phone is currently on grh78c then download this . zip file . rename it update.zip and place it in the root folder of your sdcard . shut your phone off . hold down the volume up and power buttons at the same time to access the bootloader . use the volume keys to navigate to recovery . press the power button to select it . you should see a triangle with an exclamation point in it . hold down the power button and tap the volume up button to access the recovery menu . use the volume keys to navigate to apply update from /sdcard , select it with the power button , choose update.zip and press the power button to start the update . when the update is complete , reboot your phone . ( these instructions were taken mostly from http://www.intomobile.com/2011/02/24/how-to-manually-update-your-nexus-s-to-android-2-3-3/ except for the download links . i do not own a nexus s and have not tested this personally . if these instructions look incorrect to you [ or anyone else ! ] do not use them . if at any step during the update process the instructions do not line up with what you see , you should stop proceeding and use menu options to back as far out as you can from the menus . i am not responsible for anything that happens to your phone , good or bad . )
copy and paste from contacts app to messaging app should just work without any problem , i have used it a few times before to copy lines from addresses , emails and that sort of thing into an sms . are you sure you long-pressed long enough in the sms message to get the input menu up with the Paste option on it ? or that you copied it properly in the first place ? copying data from a contact is most easily done by Editing the contact , then long-pressing on the field you are interested until the input menu comes up with the Copy All option .
try this : setting > data usage > ( data usage action bar menu ) > uncheck ' restrict background data ' hoped it helps .
i have the same problem with etech et-7008b tablet , the usb debugging is off before they made made too many pattern mistakes . my advice is make sure usb debugging option is checked/turned on before making any security password on your devices but it would be easier to unlock for those stolen or lost devices .
here is my understanding as a developer : android 1.5-2.1: right-to-left support is built-in , but most roms do not contain the letters . this means that hebrew in most applications will show up as boxes ( but in the correct order ) . this does allow individual applications to include their own fonts and thereby display hebrew correctly . android 2.2: the default system fonts now include hebrew characters . right-to-left layout still works . ( although the rules for justification did change , annoyingly . ) based on some bug reports , google did not yet consider support for right-to-left languages to be final in this version . ( note the comments by google engineers , such as romain guy here : https://review.source.android.com/#change,15955 ) . android 2.3: the sdk has been released , but no updates for actual devices . the sdk does include a hebrew locale for the first time (http://developer.android.com/sdk/android-2.3.html#locs). also note that locale support ultimately depends on the vendor of the actual device ( either the carrier or handset manufacturer ) . they may choose to remove locales they deem unimportant to save space , or they may choose to add some that they deem important for their targeted market .
some of the below is speculation , or given to me by sources i can not cite so take it as is . some ( many ) of the oems ( manufacturers ) like lg and samsung embed their propitiatory widgets within their own launcher . this ( allegedly ) is down to them not wanting you to emulate their own look and feel in someone else 's launcher . samsung , beside android , have their tizen operating system . it is almost identical to their touchwiz overlay on android . so if a user has a samsung , they can use this device without porting over any knowledge , to all intents and purposes they do not know what os it is running as the interface is consistent . keeping touchwiz and those things their own , and unique is a way of retaining their customer base and keeping the ui the same across a range of devices makes it an easier decision to ' get the lg ' or whatever to keep what you are used to . the galaxy gear 2 smart watch actually runs tizen , not android as a real world example . it is a business decision , not one i am a fan of as i believe in customisation and options . any ui ( ala touchwiz ) that deprives me of choice is one i quickly abandon . it is worth pointing out that there are thousands of widgets on the play store , many of which bear an uncanny similarity to those of the oems . last point i will add , htc are currently rolling blinkfeed ( their launcher/news stream ) onto the play store . this may be the beginning of oems splitting onto the play store as google did a while back ( calendar , keyboard , etc ) . this may be a way to get some of the widgets you love , without owning the device . however , the locked widgets remain an issue .
i am not sure is dvorak is available on stock firmware for optimus v , but there are many 3rd-party keyboard apps on the market that have it ( some require a separate download via a plugin . ) once installed , activate it by going to Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Language &amp; keyboard , and marking the checkbox next to the newly installed keyboard app . then bring up any text field ( e . g . google search ) and long-press it . tap on the " input method " menu item , and you will be presented with the list of all currently installed and enabled keyboard apps . select the one which has dvorak layout and you will immediately be able to use it .
fastboot is a binary and protocol used to communicate with android devices in the early boot stage . it allows to change of the boot target and therefore is often used to install custom boot-loader ( twrp , clockworkmod , etc . ) and roms . the binary often comes with the android sdk , for example on my linux system it is installed at /opt/android-sdk-update-manager/platform-tools/fastboot . there are also build instructions for fastboot on the official android page .
when the lock-screen is enabled , android disallows apps to interact with buttons in the way you ask . however , though it is not an app , but i believe cyanogenmod rom allows for this . and if that is the case , there will be other roms out there that allow for the same .
the application saymyname dessert does this quite well .
since i do not know what the password is , i played around with it and failed enough times that it told me that if i failed one more time i could lose data on the sd card . so i failed one more time ( i did not care about the sd card ) and it did the reset just fine .
palliatively , i installed kingsoft office , although it is so big for my device ( it is about 13mb in size , and all my internal storage is just 180mb ) . . . so i had to remove some apps to install it . well , it does the work well : show special characters without issues . but i wait for a solution for polaris office . . .
is rooting the only option available for me ? yes . should not samsung allow me just point my phone update link ( ? ) to whatever i want , as my contract expires ? no . the manufacturers do not have a legal or moral obligation to do so . they can provide the sources to the kernel on their site , that is about how far they can go . this is where the community comes in , have a look at this titled " where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ? " google nexus line of devices are free from carrier related slow-downs in rolling out updates and fixes to android , which is why you pay the odds over for a google nexus device . not all devices are deprived of the pure google experience , i.e. no carrier bloatware , touchwiz , etc . it can be done by selected few talented developers , depending on the community and popularity of device in question . you are free once the contract expires and do whatever you want without violating terms and conditions . you can : sim unlock/network unlock root the device modify it flash a custom rom on it ( refer to the linky above )
as you have noticed , the app you are typing into can tell a " hint " to the keyboard app ( or input method ) to let it know what kind of text to expect , such as an email address . it is then up to the keyboard app to decide how to interpret that . for example , it can look in your contacts for email addresses . you have not said which keyboard app you are using , but from what you have described it seems that this app chooses to ignore expansions when it receives this hint . since it is up to the keyboard app what to do , you might like to install and try out a different keyboard app . i do not use expansions/abbreviations myself , so i can not recommend one , but there must be one out there that lets you use them for email addresses , phone numbers , etc . as well as normal text . do bear in mind that a keyboard app can record all the text you type , so be extra careful to only install apps from reputable sources and developers .
as it turns out , the issue was that my phone was no longer being recognised as a composite usb device by windows , meaning only one of adb , mtp or htc sync was capable of running at a given time . after the update , mtp was always recognised first . this explains both the 4.3 issue of mtp and adb conflicting , and the 4.4 issue of no adb . the solution was provided by htc 's support website : step 7 . if you could see your phone as the portable device on your pc , but there is still no " android usb device " in " device manager " , please try to manually update the driver for your phone . expand " portable devices " in " device manager " right click on your phone 's name or " mtp usb device " update driver software select “browse my computer for driver software” tap “let me pick from a list of device drivers on my computer” don’t check “show the compatible hardware” select standard usb main controller select usb composite device in the right hand side list as the screen shot below and then click next after you click next , if there is warning message window pop up , please choose yes .
apple ios no official native solution by google ( except for the safari web-app with a subpar user experience ) beware : all 3rd party providers seem to need your friend 's plain google password to be able to offer push support ( not just their app ) ! all have some sort of session timeout for push notifications ( when the app is in background ) : needs a relogin after that timeout ( eww ! ) . 3rd party apps i found : im+ pro , free , ad supported , push with unknown session timeout im+ , 9.99$ , no ads and longer push session timeouts as above . good reviews . beejiveim for gtalk : free , push session timeout up to 7 days , no voice/video chat for google talk pro : 0.99$ , push with unknown session timeout , noticed bad reviews in germany , good in us though windows phone todo blackberry has good support , download here symbian todo bada todo send me your findings , i will happily include them here .
you need to include the port number . adb -s 192.168.60.69:5555 shell  if you are using a sensible shell with configurable tab-completion ( i.e. . not windows ) , then you can type adb -s tab to get a list of devices .
you can use es file explorer . to get connected : press the settings button on the phone , or the app . expand the network list , and click cloud . click new , and choose gdrive . enter your google credentials , accept the terms , and you are all set up . to copy a file to the phone : locate the file on gdrive through es file explorer . long press the file . press More , then Copy to . select the location to copy the file to , and press OK . or . . . locate the file on gdrive through es file explorer . long press the file . press Copy . navigate to the location you want the file . press Paste .
directions taken from omg ! ubuntu ! . i’m assuming you backed up your data . download the corresponding android image from google . extract the downloaded zip . connect your nexus 7 to the computer with the usb cable . open a terminal window and type : adb reboot-bootloader , this will reboot the tablet into the android bootloader . in the terminal , use the cd command to enter the folder created after you extracted the previously downloaded zip , for example , Desktop/&lt;name of extracted folder&gt; once there , run the shell script : sudo ./flash-all.sh and wait for it to complete .
i usually get by the day by carrying a usb charger since i always have my laptop or other computers around me . some people get through by buying a second battery pack or a thick extended battery . any apps that syncs every 15 minutes is battery sucker , since it prevents the phone from sleeping . syncing every hour or so should not affect battery by much . if possible you should prefer apps that uses c2dm ( i.e. . push instead of poll ) . many apps that polls for data have configurable polling frequency , try to have the same polling frequency for all apps or integer multiples . for mailboxes that need to receive occasional urgent emails , do not use the stock email client , instead use gmail client or exchange which uses push . if your email server supports imap idle extension ( a push extension for imap protocol ) , you should use third party imap client , e.g. k9 mail . however , do not use push for low priority high-traffic mailbox . you might be able to find a sweet spot for yourself by using two or more mailboxes for your high urgency and high traffic mailbox . if you are rooted , underclock . most phones have much more cpu than is needed for daily usage ; underclocking will curb the phone to not go full power state unexpectedly , remember to restore the clock before doing cpu intensive activities ( e . g . games ) and to underclock it again afterwards . i hope you know to disable live wallpaper . they are good for showing off , but not if you want your phone to last the day . secure the phone in your pocket . i found that my phone drains battery faster when in a tight pocket since the hardware button are often accidentally pressed which activates the screen and prevents the phone from sleeping . in some custom rom , e.g. cyanogenmod , the notification bar have power widget , which is handy for quickly enabling/disabling battery sucking features , e.g. gps , 3g , etc . however , remember that in the end it is all a tradeoff :
go to Settings -&gt; Accounts and sync: ensure auto-sync is checked . check the relevant accounts to see if sync is enabled for them ( click the account and see what is checked off ) .
not an answer to your question exactly , but it solves the main issue . i have coded a solution for this , you can download the apk on http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1083284 . it uses a cntlm binary to process the authentication .
error code 331 is an error that you would get back from the sms gateway . it means : no network service is available . if you continue to get that message , i suggest you call your carrier .
there are quite a few options already : chroot to a full fledged linux ( search for debian chroot android , it is got quite a few hits ) there are also native ports of debian or ubuntu for some phone/tablet models . shell access is already there : terminal emulator if you install an aftermarket firmware such as cyanogenmod you will get root access , busybox , bash , an ssh client/server amongst other things here 's the sl4a project ( scripting layer for android ) , it adds python , lua , perl and other interpreted languages to android you can build qt applications ( yes , even those using qtgui ) using necessitas -- a port of most parts of the qt desktop framework to android . applications as complex as quassel ( an irc client/server ) can be built with very minimal source changes . in theory this would allow you to build much of kde4 , though some parts ( e . g . the plasma workspace ) may be too heavily tied to xorg/glx . most c/c++ programs from gnu/linux that do not require a graphical interface can be compiled to run on android using the android ndk other things , you aware of . feel free to add it here
titanium backup does not require internet access , you can firewall it off if you like or just turn off your connection while you use it . the internet permission is used for downloading busybox if you do not have an appropriate version , but again there is no reason or need to trust it to do what it says , you do not have to let it access the internet . it does not back up to the cloud and saves the backups on the sd card . also , keep in mind that full backup apps require root . a root application does not need to request permissions in order to use those functions ; the root user can do anything , that is the point . you should take the fact that they do request the permissions as a good sign . they are letting you know exactly what the app does . edit : without root , you can use lifesaver 2 for sms . there are some options here for backing up contacts .
apndroid does not work on cdma phones . this appears to be the case with most such apps . internet scheduler and greenpower claim to work on them if you have gingerbread , though . there are some other solutions you can try in this google groups thread .
to answer your question on what the ' black bar ' is at the bottom of the screen - it appears to be called the System Bar . i thought it was the Notification Bar but apparently that is part of the System Bar . here are several links that i found in my search : android 3.0 highlights from android developer site talkandroid . com esato . com phonearena . com stackoverflow question where someone called it a ' system bar '
here is a summary of how i have implemented it . besides tasker , i also used : autonotification , for a richer notification . sms popup , for suppressing sms notification for the balance responses . sms auto delete , for silently deleting those sms responses after a while . profiles request balance on calls - on outgoing call , call balance before call , on exit call balance after call . process received balance - on sms received from the balance numbers , call process balance . show balance summary - on balance variable set , call show balance . tasks balance before call AutomatedBalance = Yes CheckConsumption = Yes Request balance by SMS  balance after call Wait 15 seconds Unset CheckConsumption Request balance by SMS Flash "Balance has been requested"  process balance show balance
there is a bug in android 4.4 which causes flac files to pop and stutter . androidpolice has an article on it , there is a fix that has been committed ( but not released ) according to this bug report . it should be fixed in the next release ( although when that'll be is anyone 's guess ) since the problem exists in android 's native flac codec , which is used by most of the music players available , finding an alternative app with its own custom implementation will easily solve the issue .
you can see the details of this at the android developer documentation , but an app can definitely tell if a wired device plugged into the audio jack has a microphone or not . i will tell you that this information is not always accurate or consistent across devices though , as i have experienced with my own app hearing saver . sometimes different phones send different codes for this particular bit of information , so if you are experiencing difficulties with certain apps not recognizing your headset , i would get into contact with the developer of that app .
i recall having this issue with some calendar not showing up . if i remember correctly it had to do with having some calendar disabled/hidden in google calendar at the time of the first sync ; the calendar app would then not bother looking for other calendars . try going in settings > accounts and sync > auto-sync and uncheck it . go to google calendar on the web , make sure all your calendar are visible . then in settings > applications > manage applications > all > calendar storage > clear data back to settings > accounts and sync > auto-sync , check it . when you next open your calendar , it should be empty , but you should be able to select all your calendars .
you can use tempmonitor available from google play store : system temperature reading in your status bar updating at your choice interval . tempmonitor is the oldest cpu temperature monitoring app on the android market . this app is built to do one thing : temperature , and it does it well . some features that you might like : the temperature can be displayed on the status bar or in the app screen . you can also select what you want to see : choose from celsius or fahrenheit . choose what temperature to display ( battery , cpu ) . choose the update interval .
i do not know about older versions of android , but from my 2.1 version it is pretty straight-forward . from the home screen go to settings and tap " wireless and networks . " then " vpn settings " and add vpn and follow the prompts from there .
allshare is a samsung specific product , which might not be available to devices of different brands . however , as it is basically a dlna server/client app , you might want to take a look at some of the many alternatives available . a very good choice would be bubbleupnp , which acts both as server and client ( so you can stream from your device to other dlna/upnp clients as well as the other way around ) : bubbleupnp is a full featured upnp/dlna control point , upnp media renderer and upnp media server . play easily your music , videos and images on your phone and devices on your network ( dlna tvs , xbmc , wmp , . . . ) , from your external upnp media servers . play your phone/tablet media to those devices . browse and play your local phone/tablet and cloud media from other devices ( ps3 , . . . ) . bubbleupnp can also be used as a standalone music player , even without any network connection .
by default , email attachments and browser downloads are stored at : /sdcard/download  can also be identified by some file managers as : /HWUserData/download  if the device does not have a user-replaceable sd card the location should be : /mnt/sdcard/Download  some apps may have their own default location , or save to appropriated locations based on the file extension .
there is a beta version floating around xda . ymmv . this is being developed particularly for the s2 , although it might work with other devices having ffcs ( front facing cameras ) as well . see this thread for more details .
same as in normal chat . one person read message . -- drklo (github.com) source : https://github.com/drklo/telegram/issues/397
google dashboard is a service for accessing a simple view of the data associated with a google account . with dashboard you can also get a list of your android apps that store data in the google cloud , the dates of their latest backups , the amount of storage they use , and some additional data such as the date you first registered the device . to access this information : visit google dashboard at https://www.google.com/dashboard enter your google username and password , and log in scroll down to section " android devices " click the " more data stored about this device " link under your device names 's entry
well , as it may seen , there is no solution without relying on third-part softwares . instead , i ( partially ) solved it by changing the language for english uk , where the numbers format are without separators . ex : 99999999 .
the problem was hardware related . wifi chip was changed in the service center . now it is working ok .
how physically close will a tag need to be for the phone to detect a nfc card ? ( 10cm or can it greater ) &lt ; 0.2 m http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/near_field_communication nfc is intentionally very low ranged since it is meant to be difficult to accidentally connect to the wrong nfc readers . one of its possible applications is to aid in initiating longer-ranged connection ( e . g . bluetooth or wifi ) with zero configuration . also can the phone present itself as a nfc tag to other phones ? if this is possible is the range greater as the nfc transmitter is powered ? no , currently nexus s only have nfc reader , it cannot emulate nfc tag . http://www.nearfieldcommunicationsworld.com/2010/12/07/35385/google-unveils-first-android-nfc-phone-but-nexus-s-is-limited-to-tag-reading-only-for-now/ there are plans for future android releases to support nfc card emulation , but nexus s will not be getting it since it lacks the necessary hardware . i can think of several ways to hack around this , with some limitations , since static nfc tag can be made as a sticker , but full nfc card emulation will not be available in nexus s .
if you can access apx mode , you can restore a stock rom using easy flasher . the steps are the following : check if your asus transformer is supported . download easy flasher download the latest stock rom from asus website . copy the update zip to asusupdate folder ( inside easy flasher folder ) . open easy flasher and hit flash asus stock zip the application will install the stock rom back to your transformer , so from there you can root or install a custom rom without problems .
well , at last i could finally solve the problem thanks to chris5s from the xda-developers . com forum . these are the steps that worked for me : download the latest clockworkmod for allwinner a10 tablets from here : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1802268 put all three files in the zip inside the root of a microsd card and insert it in the tablet check from the terminal app inside the tablet to see if the microsd card is mounted in /sdcard ( just type " ls /sdcard" ) . if the " ls " command does not show anything ( that is what happened in my case ) , then you must modify the " install-recovery . sh " file and replace all instances of "/sdcard " with "/mnt/extsd " . with the proper " install-recovery . sh " file , run the commands specified in the above xda link ( in my case the card is in "/mnt/extsd " instead of "/mnt/sdcard " as the original example shows ) : su cd /mnt/extsd sh install-recovery . sh sh reboot-recovery . sh the tablet will then reboot to cwm recovery . then follow the regular steps to install cyanogenmod ( wipe plus install rom + gapps + compatibility ) . this time the recovery menu will not care about the files being unsigned and will install them right away ! i hope this helps somebody else !
.ftf are more suited for the older line of xperia devices and is proprietary format , the trend with newer sony devices is .elf instead . their layout of kernel image is non-standard , this requires a special script to run against the freshly built kernel image to convert it and add extra special markers to make it compatible for the xperia to enable booting . without the markers , the flash will fail , androxyde 's flashtool has the capability to generate the .ftf , .elf by concatenating the kernel image ( usually gzipped raw flat binary ) with a header called .sin which has some proprietary encoded binary that fixes up the bootloader 's address from which to boot up under . the script can be found on sony 's opensource portal website , that contains a blog entry highlighting how to create a flashable kernel for xperia s model . the custom rom 's that the op is referring to is more of a " universal generic " method , which contains the kernel and the files that composes of the rom , that is made suitable by the likes of clockworkmod ( cwm ) and teamwin recovery ( twrp ) to use them . some manufacturers are free to deviate on how their kernels are created and if necessary , applicable handling to convert it to a form suitable for flashing , such as sony 's own format , rather than using mkbootimg which is a more generic form of creating a flashable kernel ( this combines the kernel image and auxiliary supporting files ) , that is compatible with most , if not , all devices with some exceptions , like sony . as case in point , the kernel has to flashed separately first before flashing the rom . for others , cwm/twrp can directly flash the newly built boot image file created via mkbootimg first behind the scenes then write out the files into the /system partition .
you can use filtering to include only the selected app 's messages by the tag ( s ) used . use the syntax adb logcat YourTag:I *:S to show logcat output only from YourTag and hide all others . you can have multiple tags also , just separate them with space and have the *:S entry as last . if you need to get all messages from multiple tags in the same app , you have to fish out the pid . if you use linux/osx , you can use the command : adb logcat | grep `adb shell ps | grep com.android.example | cut -c10-15`  or you can check out proclogcat and use : adb logcat | proclogcat 
look at something black ( e . g . an image of only black ) on your phone , and shut off the lights . if you have got an amoled screen , it should be pure black ( virtually no light emanating ) . with an lcd it will be significantly brighter/greyish .
unfortunately , it does not appear that straight honeycomb ( xoom , samsung 10.1 , etc ) devices have the ability to take a screenshot without some help . if you have the sdk downloaded you are able to plugin your device and take screenshots using your computer . however , that sounds really inconvenient . instructions can be found here under " debugging tips " http://developer.android.com/guide/developing/debugging/index.html there was also an independent app released on xda for honeycomb devices called screenshot er . one caveat , it does require root . http://www.xda-developers.com/android/take-screenshots-of-your-honeycomb-device-with-screenshot-er/ market link at https://market.android.com/details?id=fahrbot.apps.screenfeature=search_result
you are not specifying the device to mount , only the directory so it is telling you that you are missing one of the required parameters . i believe that the busybox mount will let you get away with not supplying the device , if it can figure out the device to mount , but the " stock " mount requires that you supply both the directory and the device . you would have to do the following : # mount -o remount,rw /dev/block/mtdblock4 /system or you could try the busybox mount # busybox mount -o remount,rw /system but you should always supply the device to mount , so there is no confusion or issue with mounting the wrong device .
you should take a look at the android api samples . the apidemos application is exactly what you are looking for : http://developer.android.com/resources/samples/apidemos/index.html
you might consider disabling those apps ( starting with ics , that is possible for some but not all ) . this way you had solve multiple of your issues : no more update reminders app becomes unavailable , so it is no longer shown in the app drawer being disabled , they should also no longer provide an " attack vector " if that is not possible for some apps via settings → applications ( check the " all " tab there to see pre-installed apps ) , and rooting is an option , you can still freeze them with apps like titanium backup to achieve the same .
according to the galaxy player wikipedia page the differences are : galaxy player 4 ( yp-g1 ) the galaxy player 4 features a 4" super fine lcd . it had a flash internal storage of 8 gb or 16 gb that can be expanded with microsd card . galaxy player 5 ( yp-g70 ) the galaxy player 5 features a 5" tft lcd . it had a flash internal storage of 8 gb or 16 gb that can be expanded with microsd card . galaxy player 50 ( yp-g50 ) the yp-g50 model carries a 3.2" lcd tft instead of the amoled which is used by samsung in most of its phones . the screen has a 240×400 resolution . it has a flash internal storage of 16 gb or 32 gb that can be expanded with a microsd card . so the main differences are the size and quality of the screen ( and the device ) , and the internal memory capacity . essentially the "50" has the smallest , worst quality screen , but ( depending which capacity you get ) has the most internal memory , the "4" and "5" are larger devices with better quality , larger screens but ( potentially ) not as much internal memory . according to another review i found : . . . 4.0 and 5.0 have almost the same specifications . . . the 4 inch version has a battery capacity of 1200mah , whereas the 5 inch version is 2500mah so the "5" has a larger battery which should last longer , though this may be offset slightly by the larger screen , and will also make the device slightly bigger and heavier than the "4" . battery life should be better than equivalent phone models ( especially if you switch off wifi when you are not using it ) , as the phone 's wireless radio is one of the largest battery hogs in the device . full size and weight specs of the devices are in the sidebar on the wikipedia page . so it looks like none of the devices are " better " than the others , they all appear to have their own benefits but are aimed at different buyers .
you probably do not have the version that includes a gsm modem . i guess you want to set up an ad-hoc local wifi network ? the non-gsm variants do not offer tethering options because there is obviously no point in tethering when the device lacks the functionality for a gsm mobile data connection . alas , some rarer use cases like set up a local wifi accesspoint without internet access or usb-tethering the wifi connection are also not possible then . only rooted devices or 3rd party firmwares like cyanogenmod offers this .
yes and no . the fact that your galaxy s3 does not support mass storage mode means that you cannot play audio files stored on the s3 with the radio , like you could with a usb stick . ( if your car 's radio supports mass storage , that is . ) however , the other type of usb connection , allowing your iphone to be controlled by your car 's radio is an apple accessory connection . this is a protocol for communication between apple devices such as the ipod and iphone and accessories like your car 's radio . android currently does not support the apple accessory connection , but has it is own protocol for communication with usb accessories . it might be technically possible to create a solution for android to allow it to speak with apple accessories , but currently ( as far as i am aware ) no such solution exists .
i have been googling this problem for a few days now . it appears to be based in some startup bug wherein the launcher app scans for existing applications before the sd card ( internal or external ) is mounted . first off , use filemanager or equivalent to look at your sd card 's contents . if you see some grey icons with the app names or " com . [ appname ] " , then you are suffering from this bug . there are a variety of work-arounds posted in various forums -- too many for me to provide links here . rumor has it that ics 4.04 and jellybean may have fixed the bug . in the meantime , you might want to try link2sd and/or cautious use of tools like app2sd which promise to tell the user which apps should not be moved .
by installing a different version of cyanogenmod . android is not like windows , where you have to install each driver separately : all the drivers come integrated in the rom . sometimes , with third-party roms like cyanogenmod , they do not quite manage to integrate the drivers properly ( because only the manufacturer has all the required information ) , so you get defects like this one . if you found the problem in a stable release , release candidate , or beta of cyanogenmod , you should report it to the maintainers for your phone so they can fix it . if you have been using a nightly snapshot , do not bother , as they are expected to have serious errors and are not suitable for everyday use . upgrade to a newer release if there is one , or perhaps to an older release .
as john states in his answer , a factory-reset is sufficient in most cases . i doubt a service technician would take the effort required to restore the data from your storage – though it is definitely possible . what john had in mind , however , is true : if flash storage is really wiped , all data is gone from it . it would take a highly specialized forensics expert a long time to restore at least a part of it . so unless you have the secret formula for a longevity serum stored on your device , and your service technician knows that , it is definitly not worth the trouble . if you want to be on the absolute safe side , take a look at nuke my phone resp . nuke my tablet . these tools do not simply delete your data or wipe the storage once , but they overwrite it multiple times , then wiping it , and then finalize their work by a factory-reset . i very much doubt that a single file would be restorable after that procedure . btw : always think of your external sdcard , which might not be covered by the procedure . you should better remove that and keep it with you ; the service techs do not need it anyway .
you cannot issue adb remount unless your handset is rooted , which is why it failed in your case a la " remount failed : operation not permitted " . there is an answer to how to root the galaxy s2 .
assuming you installed clockworkmod recovery via rom manager app ( or manually ) , you can do the following : install the appbrain and fast web installer apps . run appbrain , sign in with your google account , enable the fast web installer from settings , and perform a sync . download the rom installation zip for miui and place it onto your sd card . reboot your phone to recovery mode , scroll down to " backup and restore " , go in , and select the " backup " option . this will write an image of your phone onto your sd card . os , your apps and settings will be saved . perform a full wipe of your device from recovery by doing a " wipe data/factory reset " , " wipe cache partition " , and " advanced -> wipe dalvik cache " . select " install zip from card " option , and then " choose zip from sdcard " to flash the rom zip that you downloaded in step 2 . optionally , flash the gapps package , and any other files ( refer to the rom 's instructions . ) once the installation is completed reboot the phone , add your google account , and set up the system to your lining ( do not download any 3rd-party apps yet . ) open the market app , install appbrain and fast web installer again , and sign in . open the appbrain app , and enable fast web installer in settings again . while still inside the appbrain app , go to " manage and sync " , press the menu button , select the " more lists . . " option . pick the list that was created for you in step 1 , and press the " add all apps " button . this will queue up all the missing apps that you had installed on the previous rom . go back once , and tap the " execute " button . after verifying the permissions , tap the install button . this will automatically download and re-install your apps . once the apps are installed , configure them to your liking . reboot back into recovery , perform another backup , and reboot the phone normally . open the rom manager app , and tap on " manage and restore backups . " you should see a list consisting of the 2 backups you just made , sorted chronologically . rename the first backup to " cm7" , and the second to " miui " . you can now easily switch from cm7 to miui by simply restoring the corresponding backup . keep in mind that if you change anything on either rom , you will need to perform another backup so that your changes are saved .
google reader allows choice of external program ( via intent ) to play audio .
it refers to anything that is peculiar to the android platform or its software stack , any behavior , quirk , style , or ui thingy characteristic of android .
quite a few people dual boot nook colors ( internal vs sd card ) . take a look at this xda thread on running cm7 on the sd card ( for the nook color ) and this thread about booting from sd card performance . in short , it really depends on the read/write abilities of the sd card you use . a crappy sd card is going to give crappy performance . ( sorry for the specifics to nook color , but in general , it should be similar )
yes , using airplane mode will reduce power drain , as the commentors have already answered . but this approach can not be considered call standby , because you will not receive calls . from the point of view of cellular operator , your phone behaves exactly as if shut down . switching to airplane mode shuts down the cellular connection , including voice and data , but it also turns off wi-fi and bluetooth . note that you can turn any of them on in airplane mode , but this will put extra load on the battery . except from radio , the major power consumer is the screen . actually , typically it uses much more power than all the radios together . if you want to keep running longer , set brightness to minimum , set " screen off " timeout to minimum , and avoid turning the screen too often . if you have an amoled device , e.g. galaxy nexus , the display power request depends on the actual brightness of the screen . if you choose a darker theme , or switch your book reader to " night mode " , you can reduce the battery drain . of all colors except black , red uses the least power . see description of a special app that boasts battery life improvement by applying color filter and adjusting the brightness : http://www.azzamtranslator.com/lux-auto-brightness-manual-or-auto-screen-brightness-adjustments-according-to-time-or-environment/ . note that airplane mode does not disable gps . gps is not running on its own , so disabling it in location settings will not effect the battery life , but if some app , like maps or camera decides to check your location too often , this may become very significant . without cellular or wi-fi , gps can actually need even more power , because it will not have the crude location estimate to begin from . other than that , any app that runs in background can wake the cpu up and consume more power . use a task manager to shut down applications that you do not need in your " standby " mode . this is especially important if you decide not to switch to airplane mode , because the apps in background can not usually do much if they do not have access to internet . if you choose not to switch to airplane mode , there are other things you should be aware of . turn off system synch and turn off cellular data . set "2g only " if this is available on your phone and on your network . shut down any unused background apps . do not wake the screen up too often . finally , android includes a nice utility ( in settings/battery ) that displays power consumption by different components of the system , in percent : many system tools available on the play store feature similar or improved versions of this monitor .
the bbc released statements about their support for android with iplayer back in june : bbc iplayer on mobile : a new version and adobe flash 10.1 streaming on all android 2.2 phones and bbc iplayer on android update . this all boils down to saying that their current strategy for mobiles is to offer a mobile optimised version of their flash site , and not to create individual apps for every smartphone out there . i am also a flash-less fan of bbc radio and tv ( though in a better position than you as my manufacturer and carrier have announced that 2.2 is coming very soon ) , i had beebplayer on my previous android phone and it is sorely missed now . for the moment i just subscribe to the podcasts of the shows i am interested in ( and luckily most of mine are available as podcasts ) using the google listen podcast app , this does have the benefit that they work without cutting out while i am on the tube ! edit : going through the comments on some more recent articles on the bbc internet blog i have discovered an app called myplayer it seems to offer access to ( as far as i can tell ) the full iplayer tv and radio library with both streaming and downloads for later viewing/listening . picture quality does not seem quite as good as i remember from beebplayer , so presumably its using a different stream . anyway it is there and seems to work , grab it before " aunty " spots it ! newer edit : the bbc have released an official iplayer app , called bbc iplayer though this is really just a flash wrapper around the mobile version of the website and does require a wifi connection before it will play most content .
i have noticed this with dolphin as well , but in my findings it is not actually refreshing the page , rather i think it is reloading the cached content of the page . i am pretty sure this is whats going on because at work we have a guest wireless system that requires authentication . when i connect my phone to it and browse i have to login with credentials at a landing page . this page does not come up right away after opening dolphin browser , even though i sit and wait for dolphin to load up the page . i have to hit refresh and then i am redirected to the landing page to login . i hunted for a cache setting that may improve this annoyance , but did not find one . we might have to wait for an update to the app . update : this should help solve the problem for root users , i say help because there still may be some refreshing that occurs . the problem : android is set to offload the browser cache from memory to the local partition ( where apps are stored ) when you leave the browser . this is because most android phones still do not have much space in the partition where apps and such are installed . my evo only has 400mb of space . my best guess is that android was set to work this way because originally phones did not have much space to work with . no that is becoming less of an issue . possible solutions : for rooted users only : download swapper2 . from what i have read in other forums , this makes a huge difference in how often the browser offloads cache to the local partition . and users have reported it makes a big difference . set dolphin browser to store cache on the sd card . maybe if the browser does not have to wait for cache to be shuffled around it wont refresh as much , or if it does still refresh , maybe it will take less time . what did i do ? i installed swapper2 and wow . it really works . now i can open dolphin and not have to wait for refresh . finally ! !
first a little explanation on the storage ( you might also check the tag wiki of the storage tag for a short introduction ) : why can not i use the free space available at /system ? the /system partition holds the often so-called " rom " , i.e. the android core system ( including the pre-installed apps , see bloatware ) . by default , it is mounted read-only for several reasons ( including " security " , so no app can tamper with anything here -- and the user cannot accidentally render the system unusable ) . this is also why a factory reset will present you with a " virgin system": it will not touch this read-only partition . being mounted read-only makes it clear you cannot write things onto this partition -- which answers the question why you cannot make use of the " free space " it has . you might wonder why a read-only partition then is not " sized appropriately " -- but it is : it just takes into consideration that additional space might be needed for a system update . future android versions might ( and most likely will ) need more space , also providers might want to add more bloatware . . . why is there so little space at /data ? to put it in simple words : 180mb is all that was left after taking away the ~200mb for /system . the galaxy mini s5570 is not a high-end device . and before you ask : no there is nothing you can do to increase the amount of overall storage available to /data ( at least nothing easy -- though some geeks might think of creating a bigger partition on the sdcard and mount it as /data , this is nothing simple and also not without side-effects ) . what can be done ? nothing much . if your device is rooted , you could think of using a bigger sdcard ( your device supports up to 32gb ) , and moving stuff over there with things like link2sd or even data2sd . you can regularly clear your apps ' caches and do some other cleanup . or you can simply go for a new device which offers more storage ( and more ram , and a faster cpu ) . i know it is not very satisfying that a device , just being 2 years old ( the s5570 was released to the market in february 2011 ) already is unable to keep up with daily needs . but unfortunately , 180mb storage ( and 384mb ram ) really is not much to play around . . . so all that currently remains is to refer you to the most faqs of the " insufficient storage " tag to find a solution until you can get yourself a new device . see especially : how can i get rid of the low disk space notification ? what can i do to manage my phone 's internal storage ? how can i deal with “low on space” messages on my htc incredible ? how can i free up more space on my android ( 2.2 froyo ) phone ? “insufficient storage” when trying to install new app
it is usually safe to restore non-system apps and their data across different android versions with titanium backup . i would not try to restore a honeycomb-specific app on a previous os version though , as the app itself may be incompatible due to radical changes between 3 . x and earlier os versions . restoring system apps and data is very unsafe . you can introduce instabilities to your device , due to changes in the way system data is handled between major os versions of android . if you are using titanium , i assume your device is rooted , since otherwise you would not be able to backup app data . if you also have a custom recovery installed ( e . g . clockworkmod ) i would highly recommend doing a full backup of the device , in case something goes wrong .
if those problems started right away after the update : did the update process include a factory-reset ? if not ( and nothing else helps ) , this might be your chance : backup all things you can backup ( luckily on jb that is not too big an issue , see full backup of non-rooted devices -- but i recommend to have all your apps into separate packages , as otherwise a full restore might bring back your problems ) . then do a factory-reset . before restoring anything , check if your problems are gone . then restore your apps one-by-one ( just to make sure to not bring back the problem ) . as for the backup process : check with helium - app sync and backup , this is the easiest way to go . you can mark all your apps , make sure to check that .apk files are included ( by default , helium only backups data ) , and give it a go . helium creates separate backup archives per-app , so you can restore them separately . make a copy of the backup folder to your pc , just in case -- if restoring via helium should fail for any reason , this still gives you the chance to use adb restore via usb . background : it might very well be that some settings got messed up on update . a factory-reset will erase all your apps and data , plus the dalvik-cache ( optimized app code -- this might be the culprit if it does not 100% match the new android version ) , so all settings revert to " default " . your android system rom ( jellybean ) will not be reverted to what you had before , so no worries for that : )
android 's shell will support a limited amount of unix-style shell scripting . it specifically should have a shell at /system/bin/sh that you can use , however : the shell provided with android has a severely restricted set of commands available to it . if you want to do anything even remotely complex you will need a busybox install ( or another shell ) . it is generally pretty rare for android apps to provide any kind of command line interface or binaries . i very much doubt that sugarsync , for example , allows you to perform a sync from the command line . if you want a bit of a gui you may want to look at something like gscript .
the ui is a little different than before , and instead of the tabs all fitting on the screen , you have to scroll to the left or right to see some of them instead . the " all " tab in the apps menu is off to the right of the screen . simply pull the tabs left , and the " all " tab will be shown . from there , it is the same as always for clearing app data .
add the power control widget ( available by default in android 2.1+ for most phones ) or a similar wi-fi toggle app to your home screen . ( long press on the home screen , widget , power control . ) that usually fixes it for me .
whenever you root your device , you are adding root access to the current os . if you just perform the factory reset , it will retain root ( as this just deletes user data ) , but if you restore the stock image , it will completely wipe the os and will put the system back as htc intended it ( which would remove root ) . you would then need to re-root the device .
speaking of gparted , i assume you have a linux computer available . so steps to be performed are quite simple -- speaking of an external sdcard : unmount the card from your android device , and take it out put it into a card reader , attach it to your linux computer . mount it there . copy all contents into an empty directory on your linux machine . from the command line , you can use the cp command for that to ensure everything is copied : cp -a &lt;/path/to/source&gt; &lt;/path/to/target&gt; ( replace &lt;/path/to/source&gt; with where you have mounted the card , and &lt;/path/to/target&gt; with your empty directory 's path ; for details on the cp command , run man cp or see its man-page on the net ) optional : check that everything was copied fine . if there were no errors displayed in the previous step , it should have worked fine . if your card has multiple partitions containing data , repeat the previous two steps for each of them . use gparted ( or whatever tool of your preference ) to drop and re-create partitions as needed , and re-create the file systems repeat steps 3-5 , reverting source and target ( to get your data back on the sdcard ) unmount your sdcard , safely remove it from the computer , put it back into your android device , and enjoy ! if everything went fine , and all data is available on your device as hoped , optionally remove the " backup directories " created in step 3 . job done : )
do a system wipe and reinstall . this significantly sped up my sensation .
by far the easiest way to transfer anything contacts related to an android phone is via gmail . when i moved from an old nokia phone to my android htc magic about a year ago , i downloaded and installed the nokia suite of tools for my phone from the nokia website , installed them , copied my contacts into the nokia suite app on the pc , then did an export from the nokia suite contacts app to a csv file . i remember seeing the noklia-only nbu format as an optin , but if you are in the contacts-only part of the suite it should also allow the csv export ( as this is also the easiest way to do a one-off import to other apps like outlook ) . at that point you can go into gmail , click the contacts link , then at the top you should see an " import " option , use that to upload your csv file . all that you should lose from this is the contact 's photos , but you can easily back up your contact 's photos from the nokia suite , and then just upload them to gmail one by one , or alternatively let android on the phone sync with facebook , etc and pull the contacts photos from there itself . you might find that if you already had some people in your gmail address book that you will have a few duplicates now , just tick the relevant contacts in gmail and select " merge these contacts " . for content , such as photos or music , which are probably just files on the nokia 's sd memory card , the easiest way is to attach the phone to a pc , select data storage/transfer mode on the phone , then open the sd card drive on the pc , drag all the relevant files onto the pc , then attach android phone , mount sd card and drag all the content into the relevant folders on the android 's sd card . as for messages , do you mean sms/mms text messages ? as far as i know there are not easy ways to transfer those between phone os 's at all ( unless you are already doing something like sync'ing them to gmail ) .
i believe this will fix it : go to settings , language and input , google or android keyboard settings then untick the box next to " sound on keypress " .
you can turn off automatic update checking by pressing menu and than settings in the play store . you can then manually go to my apps to update them . this will not greatly increase the work you have to do , because even if there is a notification once a week it would still require you to confirm the updates . there is no option however to change the frequency of the automatic updates .
i installed a skype 2.6.0.95 apk ( which is an earlier version ) and it works now .
you can install busybox from the market too : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=stericson.busyboxhl=en and to your other question i just wanna know what does busy box do ? taken from market description : busybox is a software application that provides many standard unix tools , much like the larger ( but more capable ) gnu core utilities . busybox is designed to be a small executable for use with the linux kernel , which makes it ideal for use with embedded devices . it has been self-dubbed " the swiss army knife of embedded linux " . the official busybox website about page has some more info about what it is too .
it is because google can back up which apps you have installed on your google account , and restore them when you associate your account with a new device . since your friend 's account is new , the apps have not been installed yet , and are therefore not shown . as for why the apps are not shown as installed , it is because they are not installed from google play , but from samsung . if i remember correctly , samsung has it is own samsung apps app , which handles updates for preinstalled applications unless they are associated with their google play counterparts .
open the google plus app , go to settings and disable " instant-upload " . please note if you enabled it : each photo you take will be uploaded to google plus ' staging area but not be shared immediately . it is just for convenience so that you do not have to grab your phone if you want to share some past pictures you took with your mobile . you will be able to to share from any browser you are logged in at any later time you want . you can also select if you only want to instant-upload when you are on wifi .
the stock messaging app will automatically save a draft message when you tap on the back button while composing the message , but the recipient field has to be filled . without a recipient it will give a warning that the message will be deleted . there are a lot of good alternatives . i have no experience with them myself ( i am using the stock app ) but a lot of people seem to like handcent , go sms pro or chompsms . just search the internet for reviews .
as pointed out by al 's comment above , it is not a question of which browser does support it , but rather of how to enable it . and as sachin 's comment suggests , available solutions depend on whether your device is rooted ( more and better possibilities ) or not . non-rooted devices as long as it is for the browser only , there are multiple easy solutions . so does e.g. http proxy settings give you access to the hidden http proxy settings the android system itself has available . for more than browsers , asproxy might be a choice -- but it is not for free . it even provides a by-pass for e.g. local networks -- so you can decide which addresses are routed via proxy , and which can be accessed directly . rooted devices first-choice obviously is proxydroid : highly rated , it offers a hell of features : support http / https / socks4 / socks5 proxy support basic / ntlm / ntlmv2 authentication methods individual proxy for only one or several apps multiple profiles support bind configuration to wifi 's ssid / mobile network ( 2g / 3g ) widgets for quickly switching on/off proxy low battery and memory consumption ( written in c and compiled as native binary ) bypass custom ip address dns proxy for guys behind the firewall that disallows to resolve external addresses pac file support ( only basic support , thanks to rhino ) and , another big plus : this app is open source and free !
i had a very similar issue on my htc incredible . try unmounting the sd card ( menu-> settings-> sd and phone storage-> " unmount sd card " on my incredible ) and then installing the app . after it finished installing , you can then remount your sd card .
there is the splashtop desktop streaming application . the app is free , but has some in-app purchases for more features . they also have a few premium versions available .
this thread goes way back but i still were unable to find one in the market that seems to fit the description , so i made one myself . get it here : the widget updates hourly , and currently there is no way to configure that .
as the firmware resides in /system , flashing a firmware obviously overwrites that partition . /boot is usually involved here as well . whether the two get " wiped " is a different question ; but as otherwise things could get " mixed " , which might cause unwanted side-effects , i would say they are ( i am not 100% sure with this ) . so in these two partitions , nothing of the previously installed firmware should remain . that is different for the other partitions of your device . so usually , /data is not touched by the flashing process , but of course it will be touched once the new system boots up ( it e.g. needs to initialize the dalvik cache for the newly installed system apps , which is located in /data/dalvik-cache ) . for the /cache partition ( holding the application cache ) it is similar : it usually is not touched by the flashing process , but used normally afterwards . hence it is a good idea to wipe these two ( cache and dalvik cache ) when installing a different rom . it might not always be required , but it does not hurt . a factory-reset in principle is a combination of the two : it wipes the /cache and /data partitions . so other than the manual wipe of the caches from a custom recovery , it also removes all user data ( including the user-installed apps ) . note : do not confuse a " wipe " with a " safe erase": with the right tools , data still might be recoverable following a wipe . with this on your mind , your second question becomes obsolete : if you just want a clean system for yourself , this wish is already granted . if , on the other hand , you did these steps to sell your device , there is always the point of what could be restored . for a " safe erase " , you might want to take a look at special tools like nuke my phone / nuke my tablet , which overwrite everything with " garbage data " , and finalize this process with a factory-reset .
yes , even plain android will do this . i have heard of some unlicensed phones that did not properly finish setup unless you had a sim card but it should not be an issue with cm .
use chrome beta for android . it is made by google to test out new features . no root is required and can be installed side by side with the original google chrome app . by default , chrome beta for android will prompt you for a translation when you visit a site . the app can be found on google play . also , if you use the same google account on your phone and in your pc browser , you can install the app from your pc without having to search for it on your phone . it will automatically install .
i cannot check you image ( corporate proxy forbids ) , but i take it you mean those " toggle buttons " to switch on/off things like wifi , bluetooth , etc . in this case , you can do so e.g. with elixier ( first picture 1 ) or notification toggle ( second picture 2 ) some custom roms also come with something similar pre-installed , as e.g. cyanogenmod does .
i had the same issue , not with cyanogen , but stock android in nexus 5 phone . i solved the issue temporarily as follows : go to Settings &gt; Developer Options change Animator Duration Scale to 0.5x ( may be more . at first i set it in none , so it did not work . changing to 0.5x solved my problem . i did not check other options like 1x etc ) . this method solved me in nexus 5 . ( not sure about note 2 , try it and let 's know )
once you have activated an input field , you should see a keyboard icon in your notification area . drag the notification bar down and tap on the notification saying Select input method and you should get the menu . if this does not work , it is due to samsung 's modifications . at least the vanilla ics has this option .
short answer : that is no doubt a software issue , reported across forums after an upgrade to ics 4.0 . x . some users reporting this can be found here : galaxy s2 charging port problem - xda-developers re : ics 4.0.3 charging paused , voltage too high an . . . - vodafone eforum do not know with certainty if you have upgraded the firmware to ics 4.0 or any other variant , being the latest ones 4.0.3 or 4.0.4 nonetheless , you either roll back and wait for a new version that does not cause that issue or you can try some of the suggestions provided below ( all reported to have worked without problems by other owners of a samsung galaxy s2 ) . extending the answer : first and above all backup all personal data on your phone to make sure you are not going to lose anything either by rolling back or trying a new/different firmware . e.g. , contacts , sms , mms , internet settings , wi-fi passwords , etc . . . you can go with one of these suggestions : once the backup is concluded , the following solutions are documented as to have solved that particular issue on your phone . solutions ordered from the simplest to the most complicated : clearing cache data the problem you are facing can be related to old files still in cache . follow these steps to clear your cache and see if it solves it : boot your phone in recovery mode , to do that press and hold volume up and middle key , while holding both press power on ; you will see your phone booted in recovery mode , in recovery mode touch screen will not work so use volume up and volume down to navigate through options and middle key to confirm ; choose “wipe cache partition” from menu ; it will clear the cache data ; now select reboot system now ; factory reset samsung has a master reset code used to factory reset your phone . you can try this as to cleanup your phone and wait for a better ics version , or try another ics version ( see suggestion n . º 3 ) : make sure you have a backup of your personal data ( e . g . , contacts , sms , mms , internet settings , wi-fi passwords , etc ) . take your sim and memory card out of your phone turn your phone back on , and wait for the dial pad dial the factory reset code : *2767*3855# this will wipe , reset and then correctly format the internal storage . after the process is completed , place your sim and memory cards back on the phone . firmware flash ( odin ) download the latest samsung odin here , and install either one of the latest ics versions or a previous one that can be found on the links at the very end of this answer . 3.1 . flash your firmware to the android 4.0: xxlpq — update galaxy s2 to android 4.0 official firmware manually this firmware and the guide below is compatible only and only with galaxy s2 , model number i9100 . it’s not compatible with any other device , including us variants of s2 , the epic 4g touch , t-mobile galaxy s2 and at and t galaxy s2 along with skyrocket . check your device’s model number in settings » about phone . 3.2 . install android ics 4.0.3 xxlpj firmware update : install android ics 4.0.3 xxlpj firmware on samsung galaxy s2 gt i9100 here is another tutorial how to install android ics 4.0.3 xxlpj firmware update on samsung galaxy s2 gt i9100 . samsung galaxy ii got the official xxlpq firmware update recently . but the firmware had some bugs and users reported it . samsung revived the android 4.0.3 and added some other latest features 3.3 . flash your firmware to the android 4.0.4: xxlq5 - download and install official android 4.0.4 ics firmware for samsung galaxy s2 finally , you can download and install latest official android 4.0.4 ice cream sandwich firmware on samsung galaxy s ii now . yup , there is a leaked official android 4.0.4 ics firmware for samsung galaxy s2 ~ xxlq5 firmware ( europe region ) . update samsung galaxy s2 i9100 to android 4.0.4 ics xxlq5 leaked firmware samsung galaxy s2 i9100 has been running on the android 4.0.3 firmware and recently there were rumors that said that it won’t receive the android 4.0.4 ics update . however , all these rumors were shattered today because there is a new leaked firmware for i9100 that is based on android 4.0.4 ics and with xxlq5 firmware , which means that samsung should eventually launch the new update in the near future . useful and related links : the official android 4.0 ( ice cream sandwich ) website . a very extensive list with official i9100 firmwares lpe/q/7/2/f/s/4/7/g/9/w/d/f to download and an how-to guide to flash your firmware with odin . android firmwares .net- samsung galaxy s ii firmwares .
i ended up compromising on this by setting google voice to " ask on every call " , which gave me a chance to cancel the call . the downside is having to touch " make call without google voice " to put the call through .
nobody posted it as an answer , so i am going to : it is definitely a hardware issue . there is no way that both the simple firmware for battery charging while the phone is off has the exact same bug as the software running when the phone is on . mark wain 's ( deleted ) answer indicates that he had a similar issue that , again , is best explained by bad hardware .
in ankidroid preferences , there is a " reset languages " item : reset language assignments ( for text to speech and dictionaries ) for all decks . reset specific deck assignments on deck picker
the bravia engine would need to be included in the new rom you are installing . it is a software screen enhancement . http://allenramos.blogspot.ie/2013/05/enhance-your-android-phones-display-w.html?m=1 the sony mobile bravia engine 3 is a video enhancement program for sony phones . it uses filters and algorithms to create a clearer and more contrasted picture and an overall smoother experience . alternatively there are often flashable zip file mods for the bravia engine for different devices .
not sure if this question is on-topic on android enthusiasts . but i work with xmpp and android , so here is my answer : as lie ryan already stated , a handover from one mobile cell to another is almost always transparent to the tcp stack on android devices . but there are situations where the ip of your android device will change . this are typically gsm/umts &lt ; -> wifi switches , which will cause the tcp connection to become unusable by the xmpp client . on android the standard xmpp library that most clients use - besides having their own proprietary one - is ( a ) smack : clients that use ( a ) smack with the default configuration will not notice a connection change in a timely manner . but there is hope : xmpp ping support is in smack trunk and will be shipped with the 3.3 release . most asmack apps already use an asmack version that has support for it , and just need to implement according measures . on the other side it is the xmpp servers job to set your presence to unavailable ( offline ) after a ( server defined ) timeout for reaching the last client of the jid in question . so it is not necessary to build workarounds if you are using a proper xmpp client , but you may have to live with ghost status situations that should resolve after a few minutes . there is a nice xep ( xmpp extension ) that would be the silver bullet for mobile xmpp connections : xep-0198 - stream management . you can read about it in ge0rg 's blog . it is being worked on for ( a ) smack . but it will take a while until it is stable and you need also server support for xep-0198 .
it appears that this was an issue from google 's syncing of wifi profiles from older phones . for some reason , when my new nexus 5 acquired the wifi profiles from my galaxy nexus , they exhibit this issue . the solution here worked but you must be rooted . you must delete all the wifi profile data ( requires root ) and then re-join the wifi networks again . adb shell $ su # rm -r /data/misc/wifi/ # reboot  then rejoin your wifi networks in the wifi manager . when you leave the range of the wifi and come back , it should reconnect as normal .
a solution is to use number saver which automatically suggests to call a number if the clipboard contains it .
android does not natively back up applications so you can not " undo " an app update . best thing i would say you can do is something like this howto . it backs up your apks and their settings . it uses titanium backup and requires root , but rooting is not your problem .
you should not lose any data by flashing the ota file . you can flash the ota file ( see androidpolice for info and where to download it from ) and as long as you have not changed any system files it should apply ok . simply select the " apply update from sdcard " option and select the update file . you will lose root but you can simply flash supersu ( the only superuser app that works on 4.3 at the moment ) which will " re-root " your device . if you get a prompt about disabling recovery flash , select " no " as the new supersu uses this part of getting root access .
this answer on stack overflow suggests that it could be a permissions issue , the user that is attempting to start the adb server cannot access the file . could you try moving the sdk to a folder that is not within your users area and see if you can start it then ?
there are numerous options available to you : titanium backup for ics upwards , settings > backup and reset > backup my data/backup account for gb , settings > privacy settings > backup my data last but not least , adb backup in that order of " user-friendliness " , from a android application that requires rooted access , in reference to titanium backup , to the least , using the command line adb backup .
the advantage that atrix currently has is that the hdmi out can display up to a 1280x1024 resolution , plus the dock provides full function usb keyboard and mouse . some of the other androids do have hdmi out , however they only mirror the lower resolution of the phone display ( if at all ) most of them only output pictures or videos . the atrix does the best job of providing access to a virtual desktop without compromise . disclaimer : citrix worked with motorola on the atrix solution
i think you need to adjust the settings in the google maps application that control this . launch maps and press the overflow menu icon ( the three dots in the bottom right on vanilla android ; you may need to access your settings slightly differently on other devices with custom ui skins ) , then go to Settings =&gt; Location settings and scroll down . you should see a subsection labeled " check-ins": if you also want the cards for nearby places to be hidden then you can do that in google now 's settings . select Settings =&gt; Google Now =&gt; Places and turn those cards off .
it seems like others have had this problem as well : http://www.reddit.com/r/galaxynexus/comments/19y0a9/galaxy_nexus_screen_turn_on_durring_lock_screen/ http://productforums.google.com/forum/#!topic/mobile/pa5jzh-oj4o http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=39625 it is a bug in android 4.2 , specifically with the samsung galaxy nexus . i imagine you recently updated your phone , which is why it has only been occurring as of late . it looks like the cause is from app notifications being pushed to the device and waking it up . here are some common apps that have been known to cause this problem : wechat sleep mode apps mx player dropsync disabling auto-sync has also been known to solve this problem : settings> data usage> and disable auto sync and restrict background data some people have also had success just doing a factory reset . a lot of people have had a lot of success getting rid of this problem by reverting back to 4.1.2 . others have followed this approach and had a lot of success : i had this same problem and i tried disabling apps , uninstalling apps , and factory resetting all with no success . what fixed it for me was taking a very small flat-head screwdriver and gently bending the pins of the micro usb connector up ( towards the screen side ) . over time and through usage , those pins got bent downward , away from the screen side . i think this created some kind of electrical short . i tried this because when the phone was plugged in , the screen stayed asleep . my gnex is now working perfectly again . i hope this helps someone ! how to fix problem the problem is that the hooks inside your charging port are too close to the bottom . therefore with a small knife or needle , life the middle part up nearer to the screen and voila ! your problem should be fixed . its not the software . its the hardware . this seems to be a very weird problem with a lot of different causes . some people have had success with removing or modifying the software , other people think that it is the pin problem . if you get any of these solutions to work , let me know . hope this helps ! john
check this xda post . it has an apk for a 4.2 aosp browser . note : install at your own risk .
ok , this is embarrassing but i will leave it here for posterity anyway . tried another network and got slightly better performance ( probably b/c the hotspot had weak signal strength ) . after more investigation i realized that it was connecting to my network then disconnecting . turns out the password was wrong , but rather than actually telling me that , it just connected and then a few seconds later ( after i would left that screen ) it disconnects .
there is a " message format " setting located at settings > [ account ] > sync settings > message format . the choices available are " html " and " plain text . " not sure whether that will necessarily solve your particular problem , but perhaps try giving that a shot .
they are cache directories that hold ads for games . i have read angry birds is one such game that uses those directories . yes , you could delete them , but they will keep coming back everytime a game reloads their ads .
the only option i had was to do a factory reset and reinstall all the apps using appbrain .
to see alternate routes , you need to use navigation as opposed to maps . if you already have maps open , click the blue arrowhead in the upper right to switch to navigation , then click the context button on your phone , then select Route Info , then click the third button to the right along the bottom which will have both a dashed and solid line going to a map pin . alternate routes will appear , and you can select them along the top of the route info map .
i heart radio and tunein radio are apps that let you stream fm radio stations . you select the sort of station you like and listen to the music they play . i personally use them for listening to talk radio , but same difference .
you should flash the rom first , unless you need root in order to flash it . ( you can flash via odin without root , but you need rom manager , which needs root , or something to flash if you do not use odin ) . when you flash a rom that is rooted , your device will be rooted ; if the rom is not rooted , the device will not be rooted . you need root to make a full backup . see how to backup an android device ? if you root first , you can install a custom recovery ( e . g . clockworkmod , via rom manager ) that will let you create a nandroid backup of the full rom . that said , with a samsung device you do not need to do this . you can use a tool called odin to reflash the original firmware as long as you have found it for download somewhere . if you need more details on anything i have mentioned , i suggest searching first -- we have lots of questions on rooting , backups , nandroid / clockwork / rom manager , and odin . see also how do i root my device ? , which has some info on considerations and things you can do before rooting .
the tablet with the cpu you mentioned ( asus memo pad me172v ) is a single-core device . more info on the cpu can be found here . wondermedia technologies , a subsidiary of via technologies , has unveiled the prizm wm8950 , a single core cortex a9 processor running up to 800 mhz with a mali-400 gpu .
the -12 failure code indicates INSTALL_FAILED_OLDER_SDK , meaning that the app was built for - and requires - a version of android that is newer than the version you have on your device ( source ) . for example , you should get this error if you had an android 1.6 device and tried to install an app which required android 2.1 ( or higher ) . you would need to either : update your device to a newer version of android somehow , or ask the app developer if it is possible to build the app for an older version of android .
i realized that i am going on and on in comments for no real reason but perhaps this is better suited for an answer . the only honeycomb build i am aware of for the tab is this one on xda ( there are two versions , gsm and cdma ) . it is , for all intents and purposes , a bleeding-edge attempt to get honeycomb running on the tab . the developer refers to it as an " alpha " and essentially says to expect things to be buggy . since there is no public source code for the 3 . x releases of android yet , the build is based on an extracted image/filesystem from the android sdk , meaning that it is not optimized for the tab and probably lacks 3rd party drivers ( excepting any official 2.2 drivers that happen to be compatible with 3 . x ) . the gsm thread lists the following as " not working " under the current build , meaning this is the minimum you should expect to lose : in general , builds like this show up on devices when a new major release appears in the sdk but they tend to be fairly unstable and also fairly slow . the videos i have seen of this rom appear a bit more performant ( in general ) than other sdk ports i have encountered , but your experience may vary . as for restoring , the " factory reset " option does not usually touch system files on most devices , from what i know . it is possible i am mistaken on this and that the tab does actually restore the firmware , but i am not incredibly familiar with the tab . you will probably want to do a little digging to see what a " factory reset " actually means ( might be in your manual , perhaps ) . that being said , there are instructions for getting a verizon tab back to stock here , and there might be similar ones floating around for other carriers . if you can get a custom recovery on to your device then you can simply back up your system before trying honeycomb and then restore from the backup . the easiest way to do it is probably just to install rom manager and flash clockworkmod recovery from there . there appear to be manual instructions about but they vary by carrier . personally speaking : i would not use an sdk port for anything other than showing off to people ( which can admittedly be a whole lot of fun ) . in a production environment i definitely would not risk it , and i honestly never kept them installed for more than about 30 or 45 minutes at a time to play with before restoring to a stable rom . they were fun sneak-peaks , but i have always found them highly unreliable ( though " your mileage may vary " is probably a good catch phrase here ) . edit : a word of caution to wifi tab users , this post on one of the honeycomb threads indicates that the current roms ( as of 6/19/2011 ) will not work on a wifi tab . i personally can not verify the validity of this statement , but this would not surprise me as other devices ( e . g . the xoom ) have similar incompatibility among roms .
that " thing " is called " homescreen " or " launcher " ( depending on what aspect of it is addressed ) . and you can long-press an empty space on it , then select to add an app , shortcut , or widget . selecting " app " should list up all available apps , so you can pick the one you want on your homescreen . that is it , you should now find an icon on your homescreen to launch the app . a second way to achieve the same is to open the app drawer , and long-press the icon of the app you want to add to your homescreen . usually , the drawer then " blends out " , and you should see your home screen ( s ) . still holding the icon pressed , move it to the place where you want it to be , then let it go . one more hint : the homescreen cannot be handled via " symbolic links " from within the file system . which shortcut exists on which screen and at what position etc . is stored in the app preferences of the homescreen .
the shell you get from adb shell does not run with special privileges , so you can not read or write files that you would not be able to with a normal app . if you want to access apps ' private data files , you still need to get root permission in the usual way , and use su from the shell . it is not possible to bypass the permissions system . if you want to access inaccessible files , you need to root the device , then use a root app to access them .
read an article at this location http://www.anandtech.com/show/4502/tmobile-g2x-review-gingerbread-infused/9 seems to be a software problem . imho root and flash cyanogen or install the rom after reading in xda
for locale , both gps and wifi triggers can drain the battery more quickly . locale 's built-in location condition can consider cell towers without gps if you set the diameter of the location condition to about 2km . there is also a locale condition plugin , " location ( energy-saving ) " , which uses cell towers to determine location . it takes advantage of the fact that the phone is already listening for towers . the biggest potential drawback for using the energy-saving location is when you are in an area dense with cell towers , like a major urban downtown with lots of tall buildings ( especially if you work higher up where lots of towers are visible to the phone ) .
yes , you can actually use doubletwist in combination with tunesync ( or tunesync alone ) to sync with itunes although you are limited to songs that are not drm'd by apple . you can also do it without any app on your phone with notpod ( windows only ) . the only drawbacks that i am aware with either of these are not being able to use drm and people have reported some unreliability . the problem in general with syncing android with itunes is that it may work today but if apple changes something in an update you may get locked out until someone comes up with another work around . if you are all android now , i would recommend on cutting itunes out of the picture all together . edit : here 's a couple other options i have come across that are pretty awesome : dazzboard isyncr wifi add-on . you need an app and a desktop client . the app costs a little but the desktop software is free . this one seems like the coolest option so far . edit 2: i happened upon another app . . . music withme : syncs your phone itunes over wifi or 3g . it does not stream the music , it download it to your phone . also , i do not think it can handle drm'd tracks . it is little pricey at $15 , especially with the currently less than stellar reviews , but it may be one to watch .
by testing with another device ( xperia z running android 4.2.2 ) i have discovered that the bluetooth pairing prompt is actually a jelly bean 's feature which is not available in ice cream sandwich or earlier version of android
i found a pre-installed app on the htc wildfire transfer data that transferred all contacts and sms from the old sonyericsson phone , it was exactly what i needed .
it is a known issue with the applocker app : http://code.google.com/p/applocker/issues/detail?id=8 it creates too many linux processes , causing devices to slow way down due to lack of memory .
gmail will ask you to login again if it detects change of sim card . gmail does not store your credentials in internal memory unencrypted . phone has to be rooted to read from internal memory . your phone can not be unlocked without the correct graphical pin combination .
i also had this issue recently . i only had one , vertical band , but it still affected use , mostly typing . i demonstrated the issue ( seen below ) and contacted the [ ebay ] seller . they promptly classified it as defective and sent me a new one . this will most likely be the solution to your problem as well . as i did , i would use a drawing program to verify , and inquire about a replacement screen and digitizer .
originally posted by @ott-- in the comments , this answer did the trick . i am posting it as an answer since ott-- has not . is not the target named /sdcard or /storage/sdcard and not /system/sdcard ?
simply flash any compatible gsm rom to your phone ( look for one on xda-developers forums ) via recovery console after performing another round of wipe . whatever incompatible drivers and radios were introduced by the cdma version will be overwritten , and the phone should boot successfully . after that you can continue searching for the rom with full arabic support .
you can install and configure t-mobile 's own visual voicemail app . you will get notified about your voicemails through it instead of the system 's phone/dialer app , with the ability to dismiss that notification . as a bonus , you can also listen to and delete your voicemails without having to dial in and waste prepaid minutes . be aware that this app needs to be able to send and receive one sms message in order to enable its functionality . if you are using voice+ feature of cyanogenmod custom rom , you will need to temporarily disable it .
i have not tested it out , but try the wifi file explorer by dooblou . here 's the link : http://www.pcworld.com/appguide/app.html?id=648691expand=false sounds like it should do the job you are looking for .
no , unfortunately you can not have your cake and eat it too . at least not by just using the native dialer . android will only choose a ringtone based on caller id . there is the option of setting up sip droid or grooveip for the sole purpose of ringing for an incoming call . you could continue to forward gv to your cell as well as the second number picked up by those apps , and you would simply know they are calling your gv number because that app is ringing . a bit hacky , as you have two apps ringing ( native dialer and the second app you chose ) , but it is an option . i think they can be set up to reject a call after a few seconds , so you would note that they rang for a couple seconds , then pick up the native dialer knowing it is coming via gv . if you have a good enough connection , you could disable forwarding gv to your cell and instead only forward to your chat client ( which is used by grooveip or sip droid ) . then you would set that program to make a different ringtone , and you would have the person 's correct caller id . but it means your call goes over data , which can be less reliable .
as you noted , you can upgrade the device software . you can also back your contacts , text messages up , and you can sync photos or videos/movies both ways . you can view movies from your phone on your pc directly , that goes both ways ; watch from cell on pc and from pc on cell . i believe you also can download apps from kites onto your cell but that does not work anymore because of google 's market policies . apparently , you also can make your cell work as a modem , but i did not try that so . . . anyways , as edelcom and mru said before me it still needs some work to live up to what it should do and to keep up with handset itself . lastly , in samsung defense , kies is not just for androids , it is their software for the whole cellphones lines , and many users are happy with it , obviously not us , android handsets ' owners .
as the screenshot clearly shows , the app to take screenshots and the app to indicate the battery level never got closed . yes your are absolutely correct , even it display no of application are closed it actually free resources used by application . as per my understanding it closes some running services which are nothing but ui less applications . some applications which are installed in device uses this service for many reasons such as alarm clock , or to check periodic update of an applications etc . there are some service though that even you close them manually they just get restarted .
note : attempting fastboot flash on ur device may cost you your data . so be careful i figured out that i had an outdated android sdk . i downloaded the latest one , and did : fastboot flash boot fastboot flash recovery fastboot flash userdata and in a couple of minutes i had the stock rom up and running .
you will have to be rooted to control from home screen . button savior root will do this for you . you can also download and install volume control + which allows you . to . modify the volume without a rooted device - you will have to use the widget or app ui however .
with google now/voice actions i do not think there is any way to do this . some actions will happen automatically after a short delay ( "note to self . . . " is one i know offhand ; there may be others ) , but text messaging requires you to actually press the " send " button on the card that pops up . however , you could try a third-party app for these specific functions that you had like to be completely hands-free . dragon works a bit more closely to siri , acting in a conversational manner , and will prompt you for a " yes/no " to send a message in a very similar fashion . skyvi is another option you could try , which will send text messages automatically after a 5 second delay ( during which time you can press a " cancel " button to stop the sending ) .
install an app called audiomanager . it has separate vibrate checkboxes for alerts and ringer . setting the checkbox for alerts fixed the issue for me .
fyi the cyanogenmod 10 is the first update with the code to detect an invalid imei . you could already have an invalid imei and do not know about it . the issue with an invalid imei is that you may have emergency calling problems ( inability to do emergency calls ) . confirm imei does the imei reported match the number under your battery ? dial *#06# and the imei will be presented on your screen . possible solution from this code . google . com thread , the user at comment 5 managed to solve the issue : steps i took to solve the problem : flash my phone by odin to version 2.2.1 update to cm9 using recovery with stabile version od cm9 http://download.cyanogenmod.com/get/jenkins/5805/cm-9.0.0-galaxysmtd.zip update to cm10 using last version of kernel . i used cm-10-20120822-nightly-galaxysmtd . between steps i did wipe data/factory reset and wipe cache partition . now my imei is correct . after cleaning the phone and updates do cm10 i recommend installing gapps-jb-20120726-signed , because your phone will be clean as a baby after birth .
rationale the traditional concept of mapping names to numbers which many people know from cell phones does not really apply to smartphones . here the idea is that there is one central instance , the contacts app , that holds information about your contacts and how you can reach them , which could include a phone number but not mandatorily . often there is also e-mail , third party messaging ( whats app ) , third party voip ( skype ) social ( micro ) blogs ( twitter , google+ ) or various social networks . ( facebook , lastfm , . . . ) . use www.google.com/contacts i recommend to move all information about contacts that is stored on your sim card to the google contacts . furthermore gmail will only show contacts that have a e-mail address . so there is no need to have something like phone-only contacts . the cloud idea is to have every piece of data ( or information if you want ) everywhere available . why do you want to have some contacts just on one device ? i know it is hard for some people that their contact app suddenly shows hundreds of contacts from different sources , but google/android provides techniques to deal with that too : use contacts groups . most google software is able to show only certain contact groups ( but will run contact searches for the whole contact set ) .
making a dual boot is possible , there is a nice app for that end available from google play store . boot manager pro ( 2,17€ ) and the boot manager lite ( free ) , both from init 2 winit apps . boot manager is android 's first multi-boot application . it allows you to install boot roms from your sdcard and boot between then with just a reboot . the application acts as your recovery for your sdcard slots . install your kernels , themes , and roms all through the app and use your normal recovery for your phone rom only . unfortunately , i have not found any supporting information if this will or will not share apps between roms , but at the very least it solves the dual boot problem . ps : since apps when installed on the sdcard still leave a portion of their code on the main installation directory of the current rom , it does not seen possible to have apps shared across different roms .
in the cyanogenmod zip 's updater script , remove the entire assert() line . that will remove the device identity verification and will let the recovery commence flashing immediately .
click on the people ( contact ) app and click the menu button and go to settings -> contacts to display -> customize . then make sure only " my contacts " and " stared in android " are enabled . google should not be adding random emails to my contacts ( since those should be ones you specifically added and the " all other contacts " should contain all the addresses you sent emails to ) . if those emails are part of my contacts , i believe your only option is to manually go through your contacts and change it . luckily , google has a web interface to allow this at http://contacts.google.com . when you are there , you can click the checkbox on all the contacts you do not want shown on your phone and then click the groups icon ( 3rd button over , it shows 3 people on it ) , and then uncheck the my contacts checkbox . the next time your phone syncs your contacts , it will fix your contacts list .
edit : as per lie 's comment below , it looks to be us-only . the proxy site i use apparently changed to hosting in the uk :p i am in canada , and also tried from a us uk ( my bad ) proxy . it does not show up . a quick google search shows that the url for the page with the tablet apps should be https://market.android.com/details?id=apps_tablet_featured . using this link directly does not work either , whereas https://market.android.com/details?id=apps_featured ( the regular featured apps ) does . so i think google just had it up temporarily and took it down . or , if daniel can still see it , they are doing what google normally does : rolling out new features slowly , to only some users at a time .
using a higher current charger will not be a problem . the phone " pulls " current , rather than having the current " pushed " to it by the charger , so it will only take as much current as it wants , regardless of how much the charger is capable of supplying . by relation , there is no point in getting a charger with a current rating higher than your phone will accept . it is just a waste of money , as your phone will not make use of the extra capability . exactly how much current your phone will accept is usually unspecified and is generally only determinable by direct measurement ( i.e. . put a multimeter in the circuit ) , and thus generally is not practical to exactly determine for an everyday user . 1a chargers are fairly standard and would be completely adequate for almost any phone . chargers with more current than that are generally intended for tablets/phablets which have much larger batteries and will accept more current ( e . g . 10" tablets generally charge at around 2.5a ) . your phone will charge off those fine , but as i said above , just will not take advantage of the extra current capability you paid for .
the incredible 2 has a defective charging port that does not typically last a long time . it is an extremely common issue with this phone . chances are , this is what you are seeing . disclaimer : i have been using my current dinc2 for ~18 months and have not had this issue yet , but i did see it on a used phone i attempted to buy . anyway , my plan for if/when this does happen is : repair htc incredible 2 usb charge port the part is supposed to be $12 and takes an hour to do . if you are not comfortable doing it yourself , i would take it to a cell phone repair shop .
although difficult to generalize , in a pretty good number of cases , using a lock screen pin/password is not going to be sufficient to prevent someone from wiping your phone and/or flashing it with a new rom . it may be an effective enough deterrent to prevent them from accessing your personal data , but there are a few considerations that go along with that , as well . firstly , if the bootloader is unlockable , then there is effectively no way to prevent someone from reflashing the device . the fastboot utility will give them the ability to flash unsigned images once the bootloader is unlocked , and unlocking it will not be prevented by any userspace security ( like a pin/password or keeping usb debugging disabled ) . nexus devices always have unlockable bootloaders , so those are a given . for other devices , you can typically find out if your device has an unlockable bootloader by visiting the development portal of your manufacturer 's website . samsung devices will use odin/heimdall instead of fastboot ( excepting some outliers , like nexus devices made by samsung which also have fastboot ) , but you can generally find out if a samsung device will accept unsigned images via a bit of searching ( in many cases they will ) . some devices have other ways of accessing fastboot/recovery , some more esoteric than others . it is not terribly uncommon for there to be a key combination that will boot a device into its stock recovery system , which will provide some means of performing a factory reset , thereby removing any lock screen security that was configured on the device . another complication can be if the device recognizes a factory cable . the kindle fire , for example , would let you flash an unsigned image with a factory cable , meaning you could actually get a custom recovery installed without wiping the device . this would put all of your data at risk if the attacker was properly equipped and technologically savvy . there are probably other concerns that i am not considering here , as well , but these are the basic ones aside from bootloader exploits and the like , which are not really predictable in the long-term . in general , though , there is a saying about security which microsoft sums up as such : if a bad guy has unrestricted physical access to your computer , it is not your computer anymore . . . and that is a pretty accurate way of putting it for an android device . if your concern is securing your data then userspace security like a lock screen password , locked bootloader , and keeping usb debugging off are going to be great defenses . if you are looking to secure your device such that no attacker could make use of it , then you have got a significant uphill battle , and the odds of winning are going to be very slim ( and quite possibly zero ) . nb : for your specific scenario : the moto g is supported by motorola 's bootloader unlock program . therefore , userspace security will not prevent someone from resetting or reflashing your device .
yes you have full 16gb for apps+data together in a single file system . you will not have to do any moving to sd card any more . google merged both partitions . it is just one big file system now with sections for the former parts . it is completely transparent , so no worries for you . formerly : /data and /sdcard were separate partitions galaxy nexus / nexus 7 and others running jelly bean : one single partition for both , i.e. no need to decide how to divide the space for both any more . to make it more generic : the partition layout will however not change for former phones ( most probably ) , so devices which got upgraded to 4 . x+ will still have separate file systems for both /data and /sdcard . if your device has an additional micro sd card this will also be separate still . by the way : this is the reason why there is no usb-thumbdrive functionality any more for the galaxy nexus ( because /sdcard is not a single partition any more and also there is no fat32 formatted partition internally ( except for sd cards if existent ) )
if an app does not run in the foreground , it is usually " frozen" ; this means , its memory structure is kept ( so you can " recall " it faster , and no additional i/o + cpu is needed to restart it ) -- but gets ( almost ) no cpu-cycles assigned . there might be some exceptions when it needs to do things while backgrounded , but usually that would require the app to use a " service " . thus , the " overhead " is minimal -- compared to the need of restarting it every time the user needs to access it . as for memory , the android system is quite efficient in maintaining it : to explain it in easy terms , apps are put into different groups having different " priorities " . together with some other criteria , this decides which app can be killed if the system runs " out of memory": the oom-killer ( again , " out of memory killer" ) comes into action then and checks : obviously , essential system processes should not be killed at all , the users foreground-session ( which he is working in ) should be the last to consider . but " closed " apps are first candidates , " background apps " the next , and not-so-essential services come after those . again , that is a simplified way to put it -- in reality , this looks a bit more complicated : ) but : if you think of task-killers to " improve battery life": forget about that before starting to think about . they are usually rather contra-productive , as they work against the system . few exceptions apply in terms of a malfunctioning app ( e . g . consuming all your cpu and there is no other way to stop it ) .
check the following android apps on google play despy camera ( free ) volshutter camera
the usb port was damaged - and sent it back and got the new n7 instead ( 2013 model )
google displays weather conditions using weather underground as per google web search features page . all weather conditions and forecasts are provided by weather underground , inc . so , google now also might be picking from the same source .
i ended up trying several things mentioned in the xda-developer thread : changing the networkmode from gsm / wcdma automatic to either gsm or wcdma , xda-users claimed that switching between these two modes is a huge battery drainer . in my experience this was the most important one . installing a widget , so i could check whether bluetooth and gps were really turned off . especially gps could run in the background , after using google navigation , without displaying the icon . turn off syncing for apps you do not really use or rate limit updates to a larger interval . you can always update manually and getting new contact info once a day is more than enough ! remove widgets that need regular updates , even though the sync setting should have control this . as i am using a htc sense phone , i turned off all their proprietary apps , i simply do not trust the power usage of things like footprints . if you apply all these settings , you should manage to get a full days worth out of your battery , unless you play too much angry birds .
you can export the contacts from gmail , than edit in whatever editor you want and than import back to google . your phone should then update the changes . how to export from gmail : http://support.google.com/mail/bin/answer.py?hl=enanswer=24911 and how to edit the csv files : http://support.google.com/mail/bin/answer.py?hl=enanswer=12119topic=1669027ctx=topic there are also related links on the left ( for import and other questions ) if importing them back to google makes duplicates , remove all google contacts and then import from csv . if your phone does not currently use google contacts sync for it is contacts you can try a similar " hack " by exporting contacts to the sd card and then importing them back .
solved . first of all , i did not know how to enter in recovery mode on cubot gt-99 , but accidentally i enter in it , and i want share this with you because i did not find it on internet . press power for 1 sec and than release . . . phone vibrate . . . immediately after vibration press and hold power and volume+ button . in recovery mode it alows me to : apply update from adb/sdcard/cache wipe data/factory reset wipe cache partition backuo/restore user data i tried to establish a connection with the adb , but it did not work because of encrtyption . i made a backup user data and after that i dona factory reset . the new system had the same problem , there is no system keyboard . so i have installed the swift keyboard from computer using the command adb install %PATH_OF_PACKAGE_ON_PC% . i finally had some keyboard with which i could enter my email address and password to enter in google play . there i installed root app delete ( with which i had previously disabled the system keyboard ) , to re-enable the system keyboard . in the end all i needed is to go to the system recovery and restore user data witch i made before factory reset . that is it . : )
in ice cream sandwich , the old contacts app was now replaced with the people app . this new app is meant to keep you connected with all of your contacts , not just people you call , and it does so in different ways then the old contacts app , by hooking in to social networks and things like that . the option to only show contacts with a phone number is not an option in the new people app . but i agree that it should be there , especially when you are searching for a contact when you want to make a phone call .
this is not a miracle solution , but : when taking pictures indoor , keep in mind that android 's auto white-balance might make the wrong choice . look at the image on the screen , and if it feels unnatural , try manually selecting the incandescent or fluorescent settings . be aware that , at least currently , the nexus 4 camera does not compare favorably to the iphone 5 camera : on the nexus 4 , pictures tend to lack details , colors are washed out , and images lack contrast with both white and black leaning towards the grey . if you own a nexus 4 and find this disappointing , let me try to reassure you : first , it is not as bad as it sounds ; second , there is still a chance this can be improved with software ; third , do not forget your unlocked nexus 4 costs almost half the price of an unlocked iphone 5 . below are some pictures of the same scene i took with an iphone 5 and nexus 4 , so we can compare them side-by-side . this first shot was done indoor , in a low light , without a flash . left : iphone 5 ( original ) , right : nexus 4 ( original ) . this second shot was done outdoor . top : iphone 5 ( original ) , bottom : nexus 4 ( original ) .
what i wanted does not seem to be possible . it makes sense , really , as if it were possible it would represent a major security hole that would allow any app to gain root . i ended up wiping my phone and testing the quality of my backups . ( they were not as good as i would hoped . )
there are multiple solutions . as i do not know how you tried to download it ( or with which app you received it ) , i will give you a few " blind shots": downloading it with the browser : this might give you the error you described ( see below for a possible solution on this ) , or might simply store the file in your downloads folder ( depending on the browser used ) . in the latter case , the saved file is often mis-named to .epub.html , so you had have to rename it and strip the .html off to be able to open the book with your reader . receiving it with the mail/gmail app : there should be a way to simply " save the attachment " to your sdcard . you need to find the correct folder with some ebook readers ; aldiko might offer you to import it to its library from wherever you have stored it . downloading it with your pc , and copying it to your device : same steps as above after saving the attachment . try moon+ reader as alternative ebook reader app : as far as i remember , moon+ registers itself for the .epub extension , which should completely solve your problem with the error message ( the book would be opened directly in moon+ reader ) . and even if not , it has a lot of opds libraries pre-configured where you can download books from directly from within the app . one or more of above items should help you out of your misery . enjoy ebook reading ! ps : if you like moon+ : until the end of this month ( february 28 , 2013 ) , the pro version ( moon+ reader pro ) is offered for half of its usual price to celebrate its return to the playstore after having been unfairly banned . this is an offer you should take then : )
this question has been answered by @derobert at stackexchange-url msc mode only works for accessing a memory card , which i do not have ; for accessing the phone 's own file system , i need another access mode .
the reviews i have read seem to indicate that the optimus will happily play standard-definition xvid and divx video files in avi format so try using the "-vcodec mpeg4" setting . http://ffmpeg.org/faq.html#sec20
in settings - phone settings or in dialer - menu -settings you will find an option for dtmf . try changing that to different values . it might even have been turned off .
the short answer is : no , they are not the same . the long answer is as follows : at least for dimensions , they are not exactly the same ( htc one xl , to the right , is a bit smaller ) also , from the comparison table you talk about : htc one x at and t would not support hsdpa 900 , while htc one xl does . htc one x at and t supports 4g network with lte 700 mhz class 17 / 1700 / 2100 , while htc one xl does it with lte 1800 / 2600 . htc one x at and t supports mini-sim , while htc one xl supports micro-sim . htc one xl has stereo fm radio with rds , while htc one x at and t does not . htc one xl has 32 gb internal storage , htc one x at and t has 16 gb internal storage . sources : left image : htc one at and t at htc us website right image : htc one xl at htc australian website
it will stay online . auto-backup only add photo , they never remove it .
this sounds like a typical bluetooth interference problem . it happens to me from time to time , but i did not notice any correlation with the android version i use ( neither on n1 nor ns ) .
/data/media contains a number of folders including legacy and obb , neither of which appear to be shared between users , at least not on my nexus 10 . it also contains a 0 folder which is the emulated sd card of the first user , then 10 , 11 and 12 for the sd cards of the first three other users of the device . i know you said your device is not rooted and you seem to be able to use obb ( which i can not ) but if you root , you will be able to access any sd card image this way . hope this helps in some way .
do a hard reset , remove sim , set network type to wcdma preferred .
install their new extension , sync bookmarks with chrome flawlessly https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/dolphin-connect/pajecklcmiegagoelbbjldmfcbcpdpll have fun : )
i am answering my own question from what i have gathered . there seems to be no way to prioritize , say , doggcatcher , if it is playing music in the background . when the operating system runs out of memory , it starts summarily killing background processes . the best i can do is kill dispensable background processes before starting these two apps . first i turn off sync . then i go to manage apps and open the running tab , note which apps are running , open the downloaded tab , and from there force stop the apps . note that if you simply stop the services from the running tab , the apps will usually restart them . after that i clear the app cache from the all tab . i am not sure how necessary this step is , as the problem occurs rather nondeterministically . after that i start doggcatcher and endomondo . especially facebook app just keeps starting all kinds of services that consume a lot of memory , no matter how it is configured , so i uninstalled the app and started using the mobile site with web browser . the mobile site is also more robust , i think it has more features , and i got rid of the annoying notifications .
an edge connection by itself is so slow compared to the normal torrent download speeds that it makes no sense to optimize the downloads . the ping times on the connection are so high that constant peer switching will slow the download if you attempt to download from several peers simultaneously . your best bet would be to try to find a couple of good peers to fill your bandwidth and stick with them , or stop+restart the torrent to get new peers .
asus provides two launchers in their 4.2.1 rom - they differ as you descibed in your question . the one with the notifications in the lower right is the same one as used in their 4.1 rom and the one with the notifications at the top is the vanilla android 4.2 launcher . you can switch between them at will by opening settings and then navigating to device -> launcher ( it requires a reboot to switch ) .
yes and no . as far as i am aware , a typical android install will not contain unzip . you can , however , install busybox for android , which provides the unzip utility . then a simple : adb shell unzip /sdcard/archive.zip  would do the trick . if you are rooted you can use a busybox installer from the market like stericson 's . if you are not rooted then you should be able to manually push a busybox binary ( one here on github , for example ; click " raw " to download it ) to somewhere like /data/local and then invoke it . it should be something like : alternatively , many file managers will unzip files for you . i personally use file expert but there are a lot of others . usually you just need to long press on the archive and it will present an " extract " option or similar .
yes , it is possible to install custom kernels on stock roms . the kernel developer will usually say which roms ( or types of roms ) the kernel supports . if you are not sure you can try reading the kernel thread , and there will always be poeple saying things like " working great on [ firmware version here ] " . this way you can also make sure that it will work ok on your version of the stock rom . as for your example , yes you can flash this on your stock rom : xda-developers
this functionality magically appeared in the google plus app on android last week , so now problem is solved . the chromecast icon now appears when on the net with a chromecast device .
in android settings , go to security and uncheck " make passwords visible . " this will cause all password characters to be obfuscated , even as you type . it is a global option , so there is no way to set it for just one input method .
i believe it depends upon the music player app . have you tried using another music player ? in my case , i did not encounter this issue . i have used samsung galaxy 3 with several music players including stock player and also with a bluetooth headset . i think the app itself is the cause for this , which is causing screen wake-up on next/previous , and in my opinion is a poor implementation . i do not know of any apps which allow to change the screen on behavior like this . it may be available in cyanogen-mod perhaps .
from the home screen hit the menu button , then choose settings > location and security and from there you should have an option to set up a patter or pin based screenlock . the pattern lock will give you the option to create your own pattern on the 3x3 grid : if you want to be able to draw a completely random pattern , cyanogenmod 6.2 has the option to draw any invisible gesture to unlock the screen .
it depends . usualy when you would pair a device to you car audio player , the player would only want the files on it . but that depends on the player and what type of connection it makes with it is paired devices . so basicaly i think you will have to try and see if it works .
use evernote . it has a dedicated Page Camera feature for your purpose . you can continuously snap documents with it . if you are a premium user , keywords from your snapped documents will be indexed with ocr technologies ( which will be useful in searching ) . and , it works great ( i am a premium user and i have used it ) . if you are not , just buy premium subscription for 1 month . . . indexing continue to exist after 1 month ( but new documents will not be indexed ) .
you should be able to connect to 3g networks . i am not sure who your carrier is , but if you are in an area where you cannot pick up lte then 3g should be the fallback . i used to work for verizon wireless and this is how all the 4g lte phones and tablets worked . in fact , when lte first started rolling out it was not in most places , including the area where i worked . people were buying lte devices left and right and they only operated on 3g until the lte network got built out .
for a real safe and complete wipe , you might want to take a look at nuke my device . if you are just after a factory-reset , this can be find in settings . but then you should not forget about your other storage ( sdcards – internal as well as external ­– are usually not dealt with by a factory-reset , though some roms do so ) .
thumb keyboard allows for this , as well as many other handy features which make it well worth the money paid version 7 day trial version
turned out i was not being patient enough . it took a little while for my phone to realize it needed to connect to data services ; after that the tethering worked fine . it helped for me to open my email on my phone , just to give it a little nudge .
nxp 's nfc taginfo app can copy the text from a text record on a scanned nfc tag to the clipboard . there are other apps with similar functionality . copying text from text records on nfc tags is not something that is built into android without installing and running an app .
i think you need to buy one of these mhl to hdmi converters - it mentions that it specifically supports your device .
htc 's solution to this issue is to " press and hold the power button for at least 10 seconds , and then release it . htc one x will be shutdown and then boot again . " this is the only solution i would be able to see . if you require something more , then as a phone modder i would recommend you take apart the phone and manually disconnect the battery . this is rather risky unless you are confident in what you are doing . you may be able to refer to this page : http://htcpedia.com/news/htc-one-x-how-to-take-it-apart.html for a tutorial on how to disassemble the unibody of the htc one x . the last safe option you have is to simply wait a day or so ( since it is stuck on ) until the battery drains completely . from there of course charge it up again and continue with whatever software modding you were doing .
there are a couple of apps in the playstore which permit you to view/edit exif data : photo image editor - photoshop ( free ) says it can view , edit , or delete exif data same promised by photo editor exif editor and viewer ( paid ) promises to remove , modify , and add individual or multiple exif tags pixelgarde even states : edit exif metadata for several photos as a batch , or just individual photos there are probably many more , so i just picked two of the more promising examples .
99% of the time the led means " new , dismissable notification " . i am unsure exactly how the led color is chosen , but it seems to be based off the homescreen icon of the app ; imo has a blue icon/led , messanging ( texts ) has a green icon/led , and gmail has a while icon/led . the color is consistent each notification from the app , so you will learn which color means which sort of notification . you can also apparently control it via applications ( and presumably by tinkering with system settings somehow ) : light flow can set the colors for nexus 4 notifications per-app . i have not tried it myself , but it claims nexus 4 support . you can see ( i believe ) all the colors the led can show in this ( surprisingly long ) video . most of the colors chosen are easily distinct to anyone with typical color vision . if you have partial colorblindness or apps with overlapping notification colors , the notification color changing apps might be of use to you . the led can also flash red when the battery is extremely low and the device will not otherwise turn on .
i am using trillian for android . as far as i know it is still in beta , but worked well for me so far . though i did't use it in any extreme situations yet . oh , and it does not handle calls yet . edit : it is out of beta . . . and now you have to pay for it . if you do not like that , or do not have the money ( or you can not buy apps from the market like me ) you should use something else .
i have seen , with some of my apps that i have developed , a comment be there , and then later on , the comment is no longer visible . and it is not from me marking it as spam , as i have looked on other devices too , just to confirm . so it would look like that after " x " number of " spam/unhelpful " votes , it gets removed .
ok , so it seems the only way to do this on android is to contact shazam customer support , give them your imei number and they will send you the list .
i went to a cricket retailer ( not an official store ) for an unrelated issue with my new phone and , interestingly enough , they can , and will , flash the stock rom back onto my phone . so , problem solved and lesson learned !
looks like it has been reported as a swiftkey bug for the nexus 10 as well . your best best is probably wait to get this fixed . i suggest you click the vote button in their support site to increase the bug 's priority . i just added 3 votes for you ! note : i do not use swiftkey . i use go keyboard .
depending on the setup , you may be able to bypass it . this is the case if it is the default google setup wizard . if it is not , then there may be no way to bypass it , and you will therefore have to follow it through . when you wipe the device , it will show again on next boot , so why do not you just follow the setup and then wipe it ? this way it will be as if it was never booted for the next person to turn it on .
in settings , goto applications > internet > clear defaults . next time you perform a search it should ask you which you would like to use and simply select dolphin .
goto settings> location and security> device administrators remove the check mark from afaria , and select deactivate , then remove the application
/storage/sdcard/android is probably where all the data is . you can manually delete files out of there , but i would recommend using the application sd card maid . i say that just because it has a lot of functions to clean up data from apps that are no longer installed .
as usual : try with tasker . tasker can react on " network near " ( check for wifi ssid ) , you also can check signal levels and react depending on that . this way you could not even check whether a certain wifi network is in reach , but also how strong its signal is -- which might prove helpful e.g. in an office building with multiple wifi networks to determine which room you are in .
2 suggestions which are more workarounds than answers : set up the mail app to access ( and send from ) your gmail account via imap , or send the contact to your gmail account using the ' mail ' option ( i.e. . from whatever account you do have set up ) and then forward it on from there .
restarting your phone should resolve the issue .
you can try unrevoked if you have the right htc phone . i have not tried it , but people say it does not wipe the phone . the other one you can try is superoneclick which also roots the phone without wiping i believe .
in the messaging app , access menu > settings > text message limit and set it to a higher number you like . hope this helps .
a lot of the recent htc phones can lock and home at the same time , that may be what you are doing by accident . as previously stated , the google+ app by default backs up your pictures to a ( private ) online album for easier sharing . this can be turned off entirely , or configured to only sync on wifi ( to save your data allowance ) and give you a chance to delete unwanted pictures before they are uploaded .
if you are working in a high noise environment , a traditional mic is not going to help you . even with a noise cancelling secondary mic it will be very difficult for the equipment to pick your voice out of the noise and isolate it . you might look into a throat mic instead , which grabs your voice by direct contact with you rather than conduction through the air . these are especially suited for noisy environments .
as far as android is concerned , they are the same app , and hangouts is just a new update for talk which happens to change the user-facing name . ( apps also have a package name , which is how android decides if they are the same app . ) it works like any other update : it completely replaces the old version in your phone 's internal storage . like any other update , once you have updated , you can not go back to the version you had before . but in this case , talk is an app that is built into your rom ( assuming you are not on a custom rom : if you do not know , you are not ) . like any other app from the rom , you can uninstall all updates and go back to the original version . to do this , go to the settings app , go to the apps page , find hangouts in the list of apps , and click uninstall updates . this will not restore the version you had before the update : it'll go back to the original version that was on the phone last time you did a system update . ( if you have never done a system update , that is the version that was on the phone when you took it out of the box . ) there is no guarantee that such an old version will continue to work .
the chrome to phone extension is what you will be wanting . to get chrome to phone , install the chrome to phone extension in your google chrome browser and the android app on your phone , and you’re ready to go . chrome to phone extension adds a button to your google chrome browser that instantly sends the current youtube video , web page , map , or selected phone number or text to your android device running froyo ( or android 2.2 ) or up . for firefox users , there is a compatible firefox addon foxtophone , which sends urls etc . from firefox on the desktop . it still needs the same app installed on the phone .
this has basically been answered in the comments above but i will wrap it all up into an answer : no , you can not play songs that have apple 's fairplay drm protection on your android phone without removing the drm protection ( which technically violates apple 's toc ) . as edarerathis pointed out , songbird does not actually support fairplay drm'd media , quicktime does , so songbird ( like realplayer ) uses quicktime to decode the songs and play them . it wont work without quicktime installed and so you can not use this functionality in linux or android .
if you install a file manager app like astro file manager you can put any files into any directory you create , including pictures . then all you have to do is make a shortcut to that directory on the home screen .
currently on the nexus-5 stock launcher the ' google experience launcher ' or ' gel ' for short , there is no way to customise the app picker / app drawer . you could install a free third party launcher such as nova launcher which i have checked and it has a ' list ' option , or apex launcher the potential downside to a third party launcher is you will lose the google now integration on the left most homescreen and the ok google functionality .
well , this took a long time . for future searchers , here 's what you can do : find your contacts2 . db file hidden somewhere in android . most of the time it is located in /data/data/com . android . providers . contacts/databases . i was lucky and found it in a search through titanium backups ' tarballs . nab that file . it has everything in it in a sql database . i then found this excellent script to extract and convert all contacts into a . vcf format for easy importing into the next device . it is located here on github and requires two dependencies ( on an ubuntu 12.04 machine in which it was written for ) : sqllite3 and libsqllite3-dev : sudo apt-get install sqlite3 libsqlite3-dev  after dependencies are satisfied , save the script on github as dbconverter . sh . mark it as executable : chmod +x dbconverter.sh  use the script like this : ./dbconverter.sh contacts2.db &gt; contacts2.vcf  you will then have a lovely . vcf file for easy importing into your phone .
the best way to use two different languages either on a smartphone or on a tablet is from device standard settings , with device keyboard and also with external usb and bluetooth keyboard . to use more than one language follow the images : [ i can not post images yet ] General Settings -&gt; Language and input -&gt; Option of Samsung keyboard -&gt; Input languages  here you can chose between many languages . so you have setted correctly . now to use one or the other language when you write is very easy , you have to slide with finger on the spacebar of the device keyboard .
you could try using quick settings to toggle the 3g connection . it has seperate toggle switches for 3g and wifi but when wifi is on it automatically turns off 3g . when i click the toggle to turn on 3g it automatically disables the wifi .
the play store on the handset is running as a service in the background and by clicking on the ' install ' from the web front-end on desktop pc browser , this triggers a push notification ( am guessing its gcm - google cloud messaging ) which is broadcast across the network only to designated google accounts which you happen to be signed in . when the play store service receives the broadcast , that triggers it to pull it down . as for asking how is this implemented is beyond the scope as that is bordering on asking in the direction of development efforts . only google is allowed to do that and is part of the terms and conditions of play store usage . that i would also think is how google can send a kill switch to designated handsets ( it happened before , on pre-release of ics on galaxy nexus , which happened to get leaked by accident on google employee 's handset , by one of the us carriers , and the kill was issued which wiped the rom , after it was posted on reddit - iirc ) edit : i am speculating on how the play store does it , and is proprietary . . .
assuming you are using the default samsung touchwiz launcher : open the app drawer ( applications ) press menu , select view type -> customizable grid press menu , choose edit drag off the messaging icon , and drag on handcent . i have replaced it with gmail , myself .
i have a samsung galaxy s4 , but you should have something similar to this : System settings &gt; Connections &gt; More Networks &gt; Tethering and portable hotspot &gt; Portable Wi-Fi hotspot .
currently , the default google launcher does not allow any customisation . in order to go to a particular screen , you need a custom launcher . there is no other way around it .
there are several factors , which i will address ( pun intended ) in no particular order . ram is expensive sure , memory chips may be cheap , but that is not the only ( or even the main ) cost . alongside the ram itself you need extra buses , power lines , bigger memory controllers , heatsinks , and c . the ram also takes physical space on-chip . for oomph-per-dollar , at the moment , you are better off increasing cache sizes rather than memory sizes . also , do not forget how power-hungry ram is . doubling the ram capacity means doubling its power budget , which means either your battery life gets even worse , or you need bigger batteries . now , you could say that the extra ram could be powered down until it is needed , but ( a ) do not forget that android currently tries to keep all the ram full to save cpu cycles , so the software changes to support that would be very expensive , and ( b ) that is just giving app developers another way to screw up and run your battery down . so , it is not as cheap as all that , and you do not want to add more ram until you can really use it , which you can not , because of 32-bit processors remember how desktops and servers only started having lots of ram when 64-bit processors became popular ? that is because 32-bit processors can only have 4 gb of address space . that has to include all the ram you want to access , plus any memory-mapped buffers for accessing other hardware and storage . by the time you count everything , it effectively limits you to accessing about 3gb of ram . with lpae ( the arm equivalent of intel 's pae ) you can make that a per-process limit rather than a whole-system limit . that is , you could have 8 gb of ram in your device , and each process could use up to 3gb of it . but that is not as useful for a phone as it is for a server , because of single-tasking unlike ios , android lets apps run background services , but realistically , they are not going to be doing memory-intensive operations . you do not need 2 gb of ram to sync your email and contacts , and for more intensive background operations , the trend has been to put them in " the cloud " , letting big servers handle the heavy lifting and just send the results to your screen . if you think of a smartphone and tablet as just a thin client connected to internet services , there is no way you had even need 1 gb of ram . ram demands have only grown past that because of increasing screen resolutions and the need to supply large textures to games . you mentioned potential for multitasking , but it is a tiny minority of users would would ever be swapping between two memory-hungry apps on a tablet or phone . maybe a paint program and a 3d modelling app ? this may be something that changes if manufacturers start bringing android to desktops or more powerful portables , but right now ram is not the only thing stopping people using their devices that way . even if you are multitasking , you have fast non-volatile memory android devices have an extra advantage that means they do not need as much ram as desktops or servers : fast non-volatile storage . you mentioned swapping to disk in your question , so do not forget that windows has been doing this with readyboost , which uses a flash drive as virtual memory ( the windows equivalent of swap space ) . using flash memory as swap is actually pretty fast , especially when it is internal memory ( so the system integrator can tune everything for its latency and bandwidth ) rather than an arbitrary sd card . android already lets apps pack up their gui state into special storage before they go away . this lets background processes take up less memory , and provides a path for android to move that state to non-volatile memory . i would expect to see this mechanism used a lot more cleverly in software to make the most of the ram you already have , before manufacturers start pushing the 32-bit limit . to summarise : there is no reason android devices can not have more memory , but adding more is not just a question of going to pc world and buying a stick of ddr . at the same time , most users will not see any benefit from the extra memory ; the way android devices are used and the way android apps are written would have to change before they would . if you want to replace your home server with a cheap , power-efficient arm computer , there is no need to look to android for that . you can get small arm servers that run gnu/linux , and even some mainstream nases are easy to install a gnu/linux distro on . you might even be able to repurpose an android device for this ( for example , ubuntu 13.04 is supposed to run on a nexus 7 ) .
like chahk said , the folder is /sdcard/TextSecureExport . i have had trouble accessing it ( even after moving it ) over the camera-centric usb interfaces . i ended up compressing the file to a zip archive using es file explorer and then using google drive to browse and upload the file . this also makes it easy to pull back down to a different device or after wiping memory .
if you are willing to compile your own roms , you can definitely build them for the emulator . roms are device-specific , and the emulator is just like another device . if you include the drivers/setup code with the rom , it will boot on the device .
i have a roku that is hooked up to my tv . i use plex to handle streaming videos from my pc and other devices . rokus are pretty cheap and plex has done what i need .
currently the official dropbox app does not support automatic camera upload if you have charge less than 30% . you can do it manually though or through a browser . only 3rd party apps like dropsync can upload when it is at low charge .
this depends a little on the device and what version of android you have . on versions of android later than 4.1 you can access safe mode by bringing up the power down menu ( i.e. . hold the power button ) and long pressing the " power off " option . this will bring up a little dialog box that will ask if you want to reboot into safe mode . the addition is noted on the android web site under " system " changes . on some older phones - though not all will necessarily support this - there may be a button combination that you can hold at boot to get into safe mode instead . for example , the galaxy s2 used to allow you to hold down the hard menu button during the boot process to start up in safe mode . others have used ( i believe ) holding both volume up and volume down . check your user manual ( or google ) for your specific device to find more information , including whether or not the device supports safe mode at all . as to what " safe mode " means - it generally disables third party apps and widgets , to help you recover from a bad app install , give you a chance to remove a possibly rogue/malicious app , or simply determine what apps may be causing problems in your system .
there is no such restriction . i use custom roms on two of my devices , and the playstore is acting normal . the only problem you might face is that the google play app will not come pre-installed . you need to flash a package called " gapps " , which must match the android version used by your custom rom . usually , the corresponding links are pointed out on the page where you download your rom from .
i would assume that it would be similar or the same as the 8gb nexus 7 , which is about 5.92gb .
wipe data will wipe everything on your /data partition ( hence the name ) . a factory reset will wipe the same ( additionally also cache and dalvik cache ) , and put your device back to a virgin state . usually , this does not touch the ( external ) sdcard , and afaik should not touch the internal sdcard either . i do not know on which partition your mentioned folder resides ; but if you want to be on the safe side , back up everything to the external sdcard ( or even better off-device , e.g. to your computer ) .
go to voice . google . com . top right , click on settings -> voice settings . go to " calls " tab . turn call screening to " off "
use disk usage app . it draws nice graphical diagram with directories proportional to their size . there is a dedicated lookup option for apps too .
since rooting changes the system image , the ota update will not apply . you need to download the rom ( e . g . from sammobile.com ) and flash it by hand ( using kies ) .
the issue turned out to be with the charging cable . asus quickly swapped it over with a longer cable too .
if you have linked a gmail account on your android , dont worry . . just follow these steps:- input the wrong pattern 3 or more times till " forgot password " button appears click on forgot password button and check your inbox
well , the problem seemed to have gone away on its own after a few more synchronizations , so i guess the solution is to just wait a bit .
do not you worry . liio batteries are not that concerned about that . what really lowers their life span are " complete discharges " , not frequent " trickle-charging " . it is even recommended to charge them as soon/often as possible ( and practicable , of course ) . see e.g. wikipedia : lithium ion batteries for details , and also take a look at our question does constant charging harm my android cellphone ? and its answers .
this only applies if you have root access , as bryan already pointed out in the comments . i would suggest using a utility such as titaniumbackup to completely back-up all your applications and your data . it will be stored on your sd card so that you can transfer its files to another device and restore the backups on there .
in my case it did not seem to have anything to do with any software configuration or combination on my phone and was purely hardware related . this is not to say that in some cases the software you may or may not have on your device would be causing a memory leak / stack overflow and causing your device to reboot as a result . i could not , and would not , believe it , but after adding a small piece of paper between the battery and the phone under the back cover , my xperia arc has not rebooted for 3 weeks , whereas before it would reboot around twice a day . once again , thanks all for the suggestions and comments . i will continue to monitor my phone , but i do not foresee any future reboots . . . related to the battery anyway . . .
assuming you have adb access to your test device , you can issue the following command : adb shell pm uninstall PACKAGE where " package " is the package name of your launcher app ( you should know this since you are creating the app in the first place . ) [ edit ] as requested , re-posting my comment as the answer : every site for zte blade has instructions for accessing the fastboot mode via volume up + power button combination . eg : http://wiki.cyanogenmod.com/index.php?title=zte_blade:_full_update_guide give that a shot and see if you can access the phone via fastboot . exe ( should be in the [ android sdk ] /tools/ directory . ) at that point you can flash a different recovery image ( clockworkmod , amon-ra ) that will allow access to /data/app to delete your program .
short answer you did the right thing , and do not need to be afraid . that popup was most likely caused by some javascript on the visited web site to make you download/install something really bad . it does not mean you are infected . explanation there are a couple of things to consider . first , if the popup really said " you have a virus " , your reacting was fully correct ( and the popup bluntly lying ) : there are no viruses for android , at least not " in the wild " . i know , the term got mixed up , and when speaking about anti-virus people really mean " an app against all kind of malware " . but no serious av app would speak of " you have a virus " , as that is technically incorrect . mixing in your " fear " from the second paragraph here : exactly that is what matches a virus definition , and makes it different from all other kinds of malware : the ability to " multiply itself " . as you 100% sure have no " virus " on your device , no need to be afraid about that . for details on the above , please see e.g. wikipedia : the defining characteristic of viruses is that they are self-replicating computer programs which install themselves without the user 's consent . there you see why a virus is close to being impossible : on android , the user is always asked for his " consent " when something is installed . now for the last part : who should have caused that popup ? do you have any av app installed and active ? your question does not suggest such . so if you have no such app installed , who should have popped up that warning ? android does not do that . so the most likely candidate was a part of the site you have visited . that is rather so-called scareware trying to make you install something bad . believe me , you did the right thing – and would possibly have been in trouble if you had acted differently .
if you mean logged by your phone company then yes any calls that go over their network will be logged and billed to you . if the 3rd party app uses voip or something similar they will not log it as a call but then you also will not be billed for it except for the data charges . if you mean logged on your phone so you can check it in the call history then that depends on the application as it is possible for an app to edit your call history .
there is an application which does it pretty well . check out at https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.argotronic.touchblocker
i guess this is irrelevant now as google have moved messenger to hangouts . hangouts does have message archiving . from the list of hangouts , select options in the top right corner . then select archived hangouts .
a true octa-core is basically a processor either with homogenous or heterogeneous multiprocessing architecture . the processor in the galaxy s4 ( exynos 5410 ) for example ( intl . edition ) has 8 cores based on the arm big . little architecture wherein 4 cores are slower with low-power and 4 are faster with relatively higher power consumption . under this scheme two possibilities are there : only homogenous multiprocessing , for example in galaxy s4 . this allows only 4 cores to run at a time out of a total of 8 . the processor can control which 4 run but all 8 cannot be utilized together . heterogeneous multiprocessing , for example in galaxy s5 . this allows all the 8 cores i.e. the low power as well as high power cores to run together effectively increasing the maximum achievable performance of the soc . mediatek 's processor is also based on homogenous multiprocessing but has 8 homogenous cores instead of 4+4 different ones . this allows these cores to operate in coalition with each other without the heterogeneous architecture . as far as fast or slow goes it depends on the flops which the processor can achieve . in this case , mediatek 's processor usually has a slower clock speed than qualcomm 's processor and a different architecture as well . thus it is impossible to make a direct comparison of two processor without either a benchmarking software or a datasheet , but in general qualcomm 's latest top of the line processors are better than mediatek 's and this is despite additional cores . one more reason which exists for this performance parity is that not all applications are built to utilize multiple cores i.e. parallel processing . if you want more information regarding the same , consider reading this wiki article on amdahl 's law .
for now there is not , unless an add-ons for whatsapp will enable this or they built it in themselves . it is comparable to facebook , user set their own avatar and this can be seen by friends . this works unlike your contact list in which you control the content and other users have no say in adjusting the content .
you can not remove it from the stock launcher , it is a permanent fixture . you can , however , install a custom launcher which is based on the stock one like apex launcher or nova launcher . you can also disable the google search app completely if you want to , but then you will not be able to use it at all ( also discussed on google groups ) .
you cant sync addons or settings between the pc and android due to differences in the platform . the only things which can be synced are bookmarks , passwords , history and even open tabs . firefox 11 's addon sync works only between the pc versions
it is the kernel , not just the mount command , that determines what filesystems are supported by your device . to add support for filesystems your device does not already , you need to find the kernel sources and config for your device , reconfigure the kernel to enable the filesystem you want , build a new boot . img , and flash it to your device . since that is essentially how to port and build a custom rom , the exact details of how to do this are well beyond the scope of this site . you might be able to find a custom rom for your device that already supports the filesystem you want : see where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ? for more information on how to find custom roms . btw , it seems quite unlikely that your device only supports fat . since android is linux-based , it is more usual to use a filesystem like ext3 for the internal filesystems , and only fat for the sd card . but since you did not tell us what device you have , i can not say for sure .
basically , it tricks the android os by using symbolic links and a large file formatted as ext2 , rather than partitioning or formatting your device storage . in this way it is very safe . i have used it several times on several roms on my galaxy s with no problems .
settings > applications > development > stay awake
yes ! i use google voice for texting . it is great . notifications are reliable , there have been no delays in receiving messages ( or others receiving mine ) , and of course you can access it from your computer as well . super handy , and no sms charge . as for voice calls , i also used to use it for that . the app manages everything nicely for outgoing calls -- you can set it to make every call " from " ( show up as ) your google voice number . and you can set it up to forward all calls to it to your " real " number -- so no one needs to know it except google and you can give everyone your gvoice number . plus , every call to the u.s. and canada only uses your local minutes ( or charges you a local rate if you do not have a plan ) . note : you can not receive texts from services such as facebook that actually email you via [ yournumber ] @ [ yourcarrier ] . com or something similar , you cannot text short codes such as fbook ( 32665 ) , and you can not send mms messages ( but that is what email 's for amirite ? ) .
check out locale . it is not the cheapest app , but it is very well made and will allow you to do this . it switches to profiles automatically based on certain conditions too . for example , when it detects that you are at home it can automatically switch to your bluetooth/wi-fi profile and turn off the mobile network .
rom manager will auto-load the list of available roms , yes . you will still have to look in that list and see whether cm is there .
i9000 does not have an official rom , so i am assuming you are using a custom rom like cm10 . stock players from touchwiz are rarely availble , and for the most part do not work flawlessly on aosp based roms . try winamp and mplayer as alternatives , they work on any roms so you can move freely between roms too .
use dropbear instead . apt-get install dropbear i cannot find any way to avoid chroot error , so i suggest you another ssh server . it works well . :- )
the only interactions presently supported by app widgets on the home screen are simple click events . so the answer to your question is no , drag and drop is not available with widgets . the reason the native folders can do this is because they are just part of the launcher activity so can be programmed to do more complex things than the widgets can
uncheck the " notify once " option in your gmail account settings and you should get a notification for every new message . ( specifically : Menu -&gt; More -&gt; Settings -&gt; Notify Once ) edit : apparently older versions of gmail do not have this option , in which case you would actually need to try a third-party app such as gmail notifier .
you can right click by using 2 fingers at once . this is the same for microsoft 's rd client app for android as well .
the only things i know of are turning off images , javascript and plugins . you probably do not want to do all that but setting plugins to " on demand " is quite useful -- pages with flash ads and such will not waste your data or battery in addition to demanding less from your phone , and it is just one click to allow a particular object to run if you want to watch an embedded video or something .
firstly and most important , the credits : i made this following this great tutorial at xda-developers by user metalgearhathaway: http://forum.xda-developers.com/galaxy-s2/development-derivatives/mod-partition-internal-memory-app-t2538947 i used PIT files ( i will explain what they are , do not worry ) made from user ElGamal from xda also , located at the same thread as above , at page 51 , comment number 509 ( i can not post the link because i need more reputation , will edit it later to add it ) . and a little bit of help from user CrackDaddy , also from xda . second , what you will need : a machine running windows . i used windows 7 ultimate 64-bits ; odin 3.07 . careful when installing , it is full of optional adwares . there is also a linux and mac version available called jodin3 , but i did not try it ; flashable clockworkmod 6 for galaxy s ii ( it is a .tar file with a file named zImage inside ) ; PIT file with desired partition table configuration ; samsung drivers for galaxy s2 . usually you can install samsung kies but there is also a installer just with drivers available ; your original stock unrooted samsung jellybean firmware . you can find it at sammobile dot com ( reputation problem again ; d ) ; any rom of your choice . i highly recommend the last nightly build of cyanogenmod 11 ; optionally : gapps 20140606 . i made most of those available in the following bundle file : https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/18425469/bundle-resize-system.zip what is missing is gapps , cyanogenmod , and a stock samsung jellybean rom ( as it depends of country and carrier , and might not be legal to provide it here ) . third , the default warning : i am not responsible for anything that might go wrong with your device , neither any of the mentioned users nor anyone here at stack overflow or xda-developers . this procedure will root your phone if it is not already and also void your warranty if it is not already . if anything goes wrong , do not panic , it is most likely fixable by reflashing the stock rom and starting over again . finally , how to : this will only work with the 16gb international version ( gt-i9100 ) of samsung galaxy s ii firstly , copy cyanogenmod 11 .zip file ( or your desired rom ) and optionally gapps .zip file to your external sd card ; make a backup of everything inside your internal storage , copy it to your computer or somewhere else . it will be completelly erased . do not worry about your external sd card , it will not be touched . make a nand backup of your current rom , you will be able to restore it after the repartition . to do it , you must have clockworkmod recovery installed , then boot your phone into recovery mode ( Volume UP + Home + Power ) , select backups and restore , then backup to /storage/sdcard1 ; when backup finishes , reboot your phone into download mode ( Volume DOWN + Home + Power ) and connect your phone to the computer . let windows install the drivers . if it fails , try to install samsung kies or just the drivers provided in the bundle i made available , and try again . open odin3 as administrator and connect the phone . it should detect your phone and show it under the label ID:COM , and also in the Message . if it did not , try to restart your computer , phone , reinstall drivers , check your usb cable , etc . , and try again . now you will need to choose a PIT file . PIT means Partition Information Table and it is a samsung-only thing . in the bundle file , i made available ElGamal 's PIT file ( I91001GB_6GB.pit ) which also resizes /system partition to 1gb , /data to 6gb and the rest goes to internal storage . if you wish different sizes , check the thread at xda-developers as he made many different versions available . i also included a pit file for the default configuration ( I9100_2GB-STOCK.pit ) if you wish to go back to as it was later . when you have chosen your PIT file , go to odin and tick the following checkboxes : Re-Partition , Auto Reboot and F. Reset Time . in the Re-Partition section , click on the PIT button and select your chosen PIT file . in the Files (Download) section , click on the AP button and select samsung 's stock jellybean rom . double check everything and click Start . this can take a while , go grab a coffee . after everything finishes , your phone will reboot into the stock samsung jellybean rom . two things can happen now , or it will work normally and if so you can use it and check if everything is as you want . or it can ask you for a password to access the " encrypted volume " , which is nothing but your internal storage that is not formatted . in both ways , unplug your phone ( it it is still plugged ) and reboot it into download mode again . it is interesting to close and reopen odin3 to reset the settings . plug your phone again and wait until odin3 detects it . this time , leave checked just Auto Reboot and F. Reset Time and make sure Re-Partition is not checked . click on AP button and select the clockworkmod recovery .tar file , then click Start . this one is faster , but if you feel sleepy , go for another coffee ; ) when it finishes , you should have clockworkmod recovery 6 installed in your phone , so go ahead and reboot into recovery mode . go to mounts and storage , select format /storage/sdcard0 and format it as exfat ( if for some reason you have write problems in your internal storage later , come back here and select another format until it works , but exfat should do the trick ) . when it finishes , still in recovery mode , Wipe data/factory reset , Wipe cache and Wipe Dalvik cache . let 's be sure nothing remains from the previous roms . now , install zip -> choose zip from /storage/sdcard1 and select the cyanogenmod 11 .zip file ( or of your desired rom ) and flash it . optionally also flash gapps afterwards . reboot your phone and check if everything is right . if everything is right , reboot your phone into recovery mode again , do a new wipe data/factory reset , wipe cache and wipe Dalvik cache , and then recover your backed up rom from the beginning . reboot your phone . check again if everything works right . a few apps might need to be reinstalled ( spotify and waze are examples ) to work correctly again , but that is be only major issue . hope everything goes well .
android uses a so-called media scanner to index your media files ( this also applies to your images and videos ) . this media scanner ships with the system , and fires automatically on certain system events -- such as after boot , or when you insert your sd-card . it does , however , not react on a simple " file-drop " via network . for such cases , it might need a little help to get to know it has to act : rescan media rescan sd card ! are two free example apps from the playstore which do exactly that : trigger the media scanner . once the media scanner has indexed your new files , they will immediately show up in the corresponding apps such as the gallery ( for images/videos ) or your music player .
the stock email application and many other i have tested present a list of 25 emails per page . the user can however load older emails on demand . this is done due to two main reasons : to prevent large transfers of data that end up using the device communication thus leading to a faster battery drain ; to preserve memory consumption that in turn would leave your device slow and inefficient . i have not found any option on all the applications i have tested that allows the user to define how much emails should be presented each time . i did find that the gmail app auto-loads a new emails list when we reach the scroll limit , thus kinda facilitating the users trouble , but even with this scenario , the user needs to scroll all the way down to get the new list , and yet again , the gmail app like the others , does not have a setting to define the number of emails to be loaded each time . essentially , this is a status-by-design conception used by android and app developers . you may come across with an app that allows you to go around this issue , unlikely it may be , but for the stock app , the reason as to why it loads only 25 emails at a time are the ones explained that sum up as performance issues .
you should be able to use the latest cwm or twrp custom recovery with your device . source : install android 4.4 kitkat on galaxy tab 2 7.0 using cm11 custom build update #1: xda has a thread for custom recoveries for the p3110 . it says that only cwm supports kitkat for that tablet .
it could be your number being " blacklisted " on your wife 's phone . there are a lot of apps on the playstore offering this feature , and some android versions can do so on their own ( just configure the contact in your contacts list correspondingly ) . so here 's what you could do : check with your sim card placed in some other phone ( if that option exists ; at least here in europe we can move the sim card around ) . your call should be still blocked/routed to voicemail then , so you know the issue is not with your phone ( e . g . dialing some prefix/postfix ) check your wife 's phone for installed apps like advanced call blocker etc . check your wife 's phonebook ( errm , or let her check ; ) for your record there and see whether it is blacklisted . if unsure , just delete it temporarily , then call her again . at least cyanogenmod lets you manage a separate blacklist . with cm , it is found in the call settings . check whether your number made it into this place . if the problem still exists , repeat step 1 . with your wife 's phone ( again , if possible ) my guess is either 2 . , 3 . , or 4 . will reveal the cause .
ok , found the answer here when you start the update process it loads that screen with the android character and the yellow progress bar , as soon as that screen shows up press both vol up and vol down at the same time and it will switch to verbose mode where it will show each step of the install process . when it fails it will typically display a directory and apk file name . time to figure out what logwrapper is and why its out of date .
you can try to reboot / remove battery . maybe resetting to factory settings will help . in addition , if everything else fails , you could try following ( read somewhere about it ) : turn it off and then back on ( the one asking you about using wifi to localize you faster ) the bluetooth and wifi are both 802.11 standards , therefore they are controlled by the same chip
android applications are distributed as ' apk ' files . this is basically just a standard ' zip ' file with a different file extension . if you change the extension to ' zip ' you can simply extract the contents of any app . in your particular case the icons will be inside the ' res ' folder in one of the folders that have ' drawable ' in their names . they are standard ' png ' files .
try the olimex olinuxino a10s - https://www.olimex.com/products/olinuxino/a10s/
if you try to leave a review again from the same account , does it let you ? does it show the previous review , or act like nothing has been input before ? reviews should not age off ( unless they are removed for profanity or other reasons ) , but some developers have noted that ratings suddenly disappeared from their app . maybe it was a one-time bug .
here is the useragent from chrome beta on my transformer prime mozilla/5.0 ( linux ; u ; android 4.0.3 ; en-us ; transformer prime tf201 build/iml74k ) applewebkit/535.7 ( khtml , like gecko ) crmo/16.0.912.75 safari/535.7
yes . cpu is not the only thing using power but definitely a major one ( when not idling ) . most android devices have a ' battery ' section in settings which lists what applications are using up your battery . i think it gets reset every time you plug in a recharger . there might be 3rd party apps which collect that information over longer term and display it moer pretty .
as far as i know , they are simply picked by google 's staff . i would assume they look for the general indicators of a quality app ( good ratings , lots of active installs , etc ) but popular or otherwise well-known developers probably have a leg up regardless . google has never really come out and said " follow these guidelines " , possibly to reduce people trying to game the system , similar to how they do not release their full page rank algorithm . however , i can definitely say that it is not possible to purchase your way into the featured list . google 's android market developer help page notes specifically : featured and editor 's choice apps are chosen by the android market editorial team . there is no paid promotional spots or advertisements on android market . technically speaking , the only restriction i have seen is that your app must have a properly sized " featured " image to be used on the " featured apps " area . aside from that , google has been very mum about the process .
the radio is closed source and provided by the manufacturer .
this post from xda-developers will help you if her phone is rooted .
finally fixed the issue ( old cwm ) : upgraded cwm from 6.0.3.2 to 6.0.4.4 using rom manager . rebooted to recovery mode wipe data / factory reset wipe cache partition wipe dalvik cache flash cm zip ( two times ) flash gapps reboot phone ( boot animation now showed ; this was just black before ) after the phone booted , ( and the usual wizard ) , i noticed the baseband was no longer unknown , but listed my previously-flashed modem . i rebooted phone into download mode and flashed a different modem ( for my region ) . phone working normally now . : )
use evernote . it features cloud sync and it lets you access your notes from almost all platform . you can create audio notes directly from homescreen using its widget , too .
in the regular xauth/rsa authentication scheme both client and server are mutually authenticated using rsa certificates during phase 1 of the internet key exchange protocol ( ikev1 ) that is used to negotiate ipsec connections . in a second authentication step the client authenticates itself using xauth ( e . g . with username/password , but there can be other credentials ) , which is desribed in draft-ieft-ipsec-isakmp-xauth and an extension on top of ikev1/isakmp ( often called phase 1.5 as it comes , together with mode config , between main/aggressive mode and phase 2 , quick mode ) . with the hybrid xauth/rsa scheme , which is described in draft-ietf-ipsec-isakmp-hybrid-auth , the client does no authentication during phase 1 of the negotiation . only the server does so during that phase , allowing the client to verify that it is talking to the right vpn server when it continues to authenticate itself using xauth . this simplifies deployment as no client certificates/keys are required . and compared to the commonly used xauth/psk scheme it prevents man-in-the-middle attacks , which are possible there due to the publicly known pre-shared secret ( at least in larger deployments ) .
sometimes android goes into fubar mode and the only way to get past it is to make a hard reset . this unfortunately deletes any data stored on the device but anything stored on the memory card will remain . luckily there is a hardware hard reset mode . a hard reset can be accomplished by doing the following things : turn the power off . if your samsung galaxy s ii is frozen , pull the battery out and reinsert it hold the volume down button press and release the power button you are now presented with a menu that allows for fastbook , recovery , clear storage , and simlock select clear storage by pressing the volume down button press and release the power button now simply confirm your decision : volume up for yes and volume down for no some versions of samsung galaxy s2 require that you need to hold down volume down and volume up to get into the menu . youtube video showing how it is done
well , i did not find a way to hide it ; but switched to using widgetlocker for my lock screen and just disabled cm 's .
you can use adb for this : adb backup -noapk -noshared -f gmail.ab com.google.android.gm  would backup all data of the gmail app to your pc , storing it in a file named gmail.ab in the current working directory . a restore of that snapshot then is as easy as running adb restore gmail.ab  note that this will include all the settings of the gmail app . if you prefer doing the same via an app on your device , take a look at helium backup . without root , it is not possible to access the corresponding folder on your device directly ( which would be found below /data/data/com.google.android.gm and be owned by the gmail app , which forbids access for other apps/users , including the shell user ) .
you may drag n drop the icons . a maximum of six is allowed
check your contacts . keyboard will search and suggest contact names .
look in /system/media/audio/ringtones . the notifications folder one level up contains the notification tones .
are all touch-screens on modern devices multitouch capable on hardware level ( if software supports it ) ? this is more or less impossible to answer without spec sheets for every android device that has ever been created ( within whatever timeframe you consider " modern" ) . very broadly speaking , devices from major manufacturers over the last several years will typically support multitouch to some degree , but even that overall degree of support can vary between devices . if not than how to detect if touchscreen screen by itself is multitouch or not ? there are a bunch of apps for this . i would say pick one and try it . if you want to try to verify the results , pick several and try them all .
turns out it was a problem with the dns servers my dhcp was serving up . the first two were local dns servers . i do not know why they were not working for android ( they worked fine for the laptop computers ) , but as soon as i replaced the second local dns server with a remote dns server , things started working . it also appears that android only pays attention to the first two servers given by dhcp since i had other servers listed after my local server . it seems kind of fishy that only the android phones had problems with the local dns server . i would not mind finding out what the underlying problem is , but changing the dns servers is an acceptable workaround .
i finally succeeded ! ! ( youhou ! ! you can not believe how proud i am ! ) first of all , i want to indicate that links on xda ( those that goes in multiupload.com, that redirect to lnx . lu ) , sucks ! i can not believe it . you have to download a " download manager " , with so many related ads and apps you must install . it is a shame . ( i am very angry agains't them ( lnx . lu ) for wasting my time just because they are greedy ) . now , the real answer ! you need to downgrade your hboot version before running the ruu rom , for that , it is quite easy : first , you choose your rom on that page , and notice the rom version then , you go here ( if the link is down , you can download the source code here ! ) and define the cid and the rom version . for the cid , if you do not know it , just set to 11111111 or htc__022 . if you want to try something more precise , you can try the one related to your carrier from this link . keep the download file to a specific directory ( for this case , it will be /tmp/mtd0.img ) . now you need the flash_image tool , if you can not find one , here 's a link . download it to /tmp/flash_image now some command line . for that , you will need the android sdk and a correct usb driver ( adb should return a device when connected , with debug on ) . do these commands : once the phone is on ruu mode ( showing a grey htc logo ) , run the . exe rom you downloaded previously , wait for it to finish , and voilà ! you are done ! : ) here 's the doc i followed for the commands .
this ( at least the ussd messages ) are operator related , and can only be disabled by your operator .
your hypothesis is correct . it is like transferring files over ftp : the receiving computer needs to run a server that understands the right protocol . to receive files you probably want a server that understands the object exchange protocol ( obex ) or object push protocol ( opp ) . our sister site ask ubuntu has an answer about receiving files , which may help you out . if you need any further help setting up your ubuntu laptop , they will be able to help if you ask a question there .
if you have an unlocked phone , i do not think there should be any problem . the sim card for gophone is apparently just a regular prepaid sim card and is not tied to the phone it is sold with . if the phone does not recognize the apn for 3g , just go to Settings &gt; Wireless and Networks &gt; Mobile Networks &gt; Access point Names and enter the appropriate access point settings manually .
you are not going to be able to achieve this using just userland tools , like what you describe -- at least not while android is running . the reason is because the ril opens the radio device ( generally some device node under /dev/* ) as a low-level linux service , and while that has an exclusive lock on the device , nothing else can read from or write to the radio . the ril then communicates to the android platform for all radio-related events . it could be done with some extensive modifications to the underlying linux kernel ( it is open source , so definitely a possibility if you do not mind getting your hands dirty in c ) , or by replacing the ril daemon ( not as easy , because the rild is not required to be open source , therefore you do not know what the underlying implementation is without reverse engineering ) . doing the latter will break android 's ability to use it properly , unless you somehow come up with a compatibility channel to proxy communication between the new ril and the existing ril - and even then , there is a good chance that android will become confused when it tries to make a call ( knowing that the modem should not currently be in use , but getting a response from the radio saying that it is in use ) . failing that , you might also be able to achieve it by replacing the phone app and using all-native platform apis . but i am kind of thinking that it will not work ( at least based on my knowledge of how htc radios work ) . in an htc device , when you place a call , android notifies rild , which places the call , and then rild tells the radio that it should route all call audio through the handset speaker and route all sound picked up from the microphone into the phone call . the android platform does not handle call audio routing itself . all of the above requires rooting the device and installing a custom-built rom at a minimum .
most common errors ( and solutions to them ) are : different file name : make sure the file is really named recovery-clockwork.img , in your example , or adjust your command according to the file name wrong path , e.g. your file resides in C:\Downloads , but you are executing fastboot flash recovery recovery-clockwork.img from C:\: either first change to the directory the .img file is located in , move the .img to where you want to execute your command , or try specifying the file with its full path ( e . g . C:\Downloads\recovery-clockwork.img ) sometimes adb/fastboot behaves strangely when executed from " somewhere else " . in those cases it helps to first changing to the directory where the resp . executable is located , and run your command from there .
normally , the mediascanner should pick them up from any place , add them to the library , and your player should find them . that works smoothly and immediately if you use the means the designers had in mind ( connect your device via mtp , transfer the files , disconnect – the mediascanner will start immediately ) . but as you use a different way ( we are bad doing so – i am doing it as well ; ) , mediascanner is not triggered immediately . so you either have to wait until it decides to run – or trigger it manually : it runs on every device boot , so a reboot triggers it it runs whenever the sdcard is mounted . so if your device has an external sdcard , going to settings → storage , and un-mounting plus re-mounting the card will trigger it as both above solutions are not really satisfying : there are several apps on play which let you trigger it manually , by just tapping their shortcut . one candidate still working with kitkat is sd scanner . see also my answers here and here . alternatively , you could try a music player that does not rely on the mediascanner . one example for those would be the gonemad music player : here you can define yourself which directories you want scanned , and can trigger a scan yourself from inside the app whenever needed . those rescans are blazingly fast , as they only scan directories you have defined – instead of checking everywhere on the device .
according to the official design guide , notification icons are supposed to be white only . some apps do break the rules , so perhaps it is just that you had an app that used to have colourful icons but was updated to bring it into line with the rules .
there is not a non-fullscreen layout for youtube for 7in tablets , only for 10in tablets . there is no button there because there is nothing to switch to . the developers evidently think there is not enough room to see the video and display other information usefully at the same time . you are right about the volume control . because android already has separate volume settings for media , notifications , and the phone ringer , and it guarantees the presence of hardware volume controls , it is considered bad design to put additional volume controls on the screen .
figured this out by looking at the desktop version . enter " about:config " into the address bar . search for " keyword . url " set the value of this setting to the new search provider . for example : " https://www.duckduckgo.com/?q= " update : this has changed in the newer versions of firefox ( desktop version too ) . you now have to install search engine addons . then enter " about:addons " in the address bar . long press on the search engine add on that you wish to be default and select " set as default " from the menu that appears .
i installed it simply by going to the market and updating to the new version . i know i have it installed correctly as it popped up a " what is new " dialog on first run . i have a htc magic 32a with cm6 .
" fast boot " is basically analogous to the hibernate or possibly s3 ( str ) sleep functionality on regular pcs ( htc is not very clear on what precisely it does , but analysis of its claims and action suggests it is one of these ) . rather than fully shutting down and restarting , the os resumes where it was after a shutdown , allowing the system to get from " off " to " ready to use " much faster . as mentioned , some apps do not play nice with this , such as the case is in this so question . unless you are regularly needing to shut off your phone for some reason and want it to start back up faster , i would personally just leave it off to avoid the potential for weird issues .
yeah definitely it works fine without any issue . but if you have installed any apps on sd card then they will not work at all . but to take backup of any data ( contacts , messages , call log ) on your phone you should have sd card inserted . finally to answer your question , yes . it works fine as the os and related information stored on the phone internal memory .
using adb , i believe it is possible : for example we have android program with manifest as under : to run the code issue command like this ( in one line ) : am start -a android.intent.action.MAIN -n com.app1.android.xtract/com.app1.android.xtract.Contact 
in general , apps these days are built to put as much as possible on the sd card in order to save internal space . some apps require being on the internal card for programming reasons , however . generally speaking you can let them manage themselves . otherwise you should keep all your own media , etc on your sd card so as to keep the internal one free for things like system caches , etc .
long-press on the search bar ; after a second or so , a trash can should appear at the top or bottom of the screen . drag it to the trash can . alternatively , you could drag it to an open space on another screen by dragging it to the left or right edge of the screen . the screen will flip to the next panel and you can drop the widget on any open space large enough to contain it .
try going to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage Applications -&gt; All and clearing the data for the market ( you may need to force close it first ) , then reboot your phone . this has fixed a similar issue for me before . i think the poweramp issue is unrelated , their server is probably down temporarily .
answering my own question as found the solution . we can edit build . prop from mobile . i downloaded es file explorer which is free . then from optin set " root explorer " and set " mount system as read/write " now edit build . prop and save it using es file explorer 's editor then uncheck " root explorer " and " mount system as read/write " for safety . . hope it wil help someone : )
from what i can see , there is no way to re-associate a phone . it looks like your option is to disassociate/re-associate .
you might want to consider another option here , if you want to use this for keepass password database . this will not work for other sensitive material , but since you asked specifically for keepass , here 's what i do : protect the database with the password ( i assume you have , already ) , and a key . this will give you a two-factor authentication ( "something you know " -- your password , and " something you have " -- your key ) . the password database can only be unlocked when both pieces are in place . copy the key to the local storage of all your devices , and give it some inconspicuous name . preferably put it in a crowded directory where it would seem like some configuration file or some random noise file created by a program . upload your database to a third-party storage service ( i use dropbox , but other options would work just as well ) . it goes without saying that the service should have an android client if you want to use it on your device . do not upload your key there -- use another method to copy it to the devices you need . dropbox in particular keeps a copy of the files you upload and then delete at least for a week for backup purposes ( quite convenient , i must admit ) , but if your key is on the server already , it is not more secure than a normal password-protected database . configure your keepass clients not to remember the location of the key ( remembering the location of the database is fine ) . in this way , you can upload your database to a random website , and even if your password gets compromised for some reason ( i.e. . keyboard loggers ) , you can only use the database from devices that have the key and now which file is actually the key . for convenience , you might want to have key-only authentication on a mobile device ( secure passwords are tedious to type on a mobile device , and you obviously do not want to use anything short and easy here ) . but i would recommend against this , as in this case the security is even lower than a password-protected database -- instead of a password you have in your head , you use a " password " ( the key file ) that is on your device . keepass does not give any hints whether it requires key , password or both -- which works to your advantage .
first of all , try to download and install the sdk on a machine which is comparable to the target machine . in this case , install the sdk on a machine with windows 7 , and not with xp ( also , because xp is risky due to end of life ) then copy the android-sdk-folder to your target machine . then you should siply be able to launch it with a double-click on the sdk-manager . however , if this does not work , try to execute the sdk-manager as " administrator " also , if this fails , try to connect the windows 7 computer to the internet and then download it properly as described here : https://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html if this is also impossible , try to give aditional information ( where do you have the sdk from ? is it the latest version ? where did you put it on the target machine ? etc . )
also , some devices show up as mass storage devices , only when usb debugging option is turned off . see if that helps .
i think the one on the right is the icon that shows you have an alarm on ( always shows when you have an alarm ) . the one on the left is a notification and should disappear if you dismiss the notification .
after much searching , i came across this thread on the xda-developers forum where people seem to be having much of the same issue with a nexus 4 . after trying several of the proposed solutions in that thread , i came across one that worked ! it turns out that android keeps a permanent record of the mac in /persist/wifi/.macaddr . for some reason , it insists on using the mac in that file whenever connecting to a wireless network . if you are on a rooted device , however , you can overwrite it with whatever mac you want . interestingly , this change will also persist across reboots ! so , without further ado , here 's how you change the mac permanently on an android device ( substitute 112233445566 with the mac you want ) :
you might be able to prepare ( see below ) your phone for google wallet by modifying the following parts in feature . xml : replace with remove &lt;CscFeature_SmartcardSvc_HideTerminalCapability&gt;eSE&lt;/CscFeature_SmartcardSvc_HideTerminalCapability&gt;  add note , however , that this will only prepare the nfc service of your device to be able to interact with google wallet . there are still some more problems : google wallet will still try to detect your mobile network operator and will typically refuse to work if you use a verizon sim card . ( possibly even your phone 's verizon-specific model number might be enough for gw to refuse to work . ) same applies for getting gw through play store . i am not sure that google has the keys for access to the embedded secure element on any of the isis branded versions of the s4 . if google does not have them , it is impossible for google wallet to install any of the on-card components of google wallet into the secure element . thus , a secure element based google wallet would not work .
even if the pure blackmart app is free of any malicious parts , there is still the danger that you will download an infected version . blackmart has no official page or download site , that is why you can not be sure about that . it is even worse because it needs root . those types of programs are usually not open-source , and therefore no one can review the code or even build a " clean " version . note : since blackmark is able to bypass the access restrictions for paid apps , it is is illegal in some countries . this is likely true in all countries where google sells apps on the play store . my personal opinion : a free game of modern warefare or gta is not worth the trouble and risk of using blackmart .
you can also run apex launcher from the app drawer of your default " stock " launcher . navigate to apex settings > advanced > set default launcher which will do the same thing - clear the default action and display the popup menu allowing you to choose from the launcher apps currently installed on your device .
i am doing the exact same thing , except with my captivate , and i ran into the same problems . to solve them , i use three apps across the two devices . on my n7 , i use tasker to detect when i lose wifi connection and use bluetooth auto connect as a tasker plugin to automatically connect to my phone . on my phone , i use bluetooth auto tethering , which automatically turns on bluetooth tethering when you start your phone . as a bonus here is a link to my tasker profile/tasks which does all this stuff . i think you can just import it into your tasker .
did you backup/restore your settings to/from google ? if so , that is why you can connect to these wireless networks . one of the things that gets backed up is the wireless network passwords so when you restored them back on your new device it is able to connect . android has built in backup functionality . it offers to backup settings ( including wifi settings ) automatically from each device . when you go through the set-up on a new device it then gives you the option to restore these settings . if you had this configured ( i think it is enabled by default ) then your wifi settings would have automatically been backed up on your nexus 4 and restored to your nexus 5 .
i have found out through searches that this is the sudden death syndrome ( sds ) which many have reported especially for samsung galaxy s3 . it was the motherboard that was broken and replacing it brought the phone back to life .
how to get into recovery mode unplug the usb cable . shut down the phone . hold down the ' home ' + ' volume up ' buttons and press the ' power ' button for about 5 seconds to enter recovery mode . how to get into download mode ( eg : for odin ) unplug the usb cable . shut down the phone . hold down the ' home ' + ' volume down ' buttons and press the ' power ' button for about 2 seconds until a warning ! screen appears . press the ' volume up ' button to enter download mode . to get out of download mode , simply press and hold the power button until the phone restarts .
i could not stop it ( or do anything at all ) from settings -> applications -> manage applications -> all -> samsung push service . i opened " samsung apps " and it prompted me to upgrade . after that had completed , i went to settings -> about phone -> battery usage -> samsung push service and chose force stop , as it still seemed to be running heavily . upon powering the phone off and on , the app started up again , but no longer keeps the phone awake . i see it is now running version 1.1.4 , which may have fixed the problem ?
the only way to get this to work was for us to do the following in our exchange server . create a new exchange activesync mailbox policy in the client access organization configuration . make sure that require password is disabled for the policy . go to the mailbox of the user in question , in the recipient configuration and open the properties for the mailbox . in the mailbox features tab , select exchange activesync and open the properties . select your newly created activesync mailbox policy and confirm your selection . you might need to remove and re-add the the account on your phone to make sure that it no longer asks you to set a password .
i suspect the Sound recorder could be just a component that is used by several apps , such as Google Now and Voice Search . if you take a look at the list of apps , there are also others that can not be run directly , such as MusicFX , NFC Service , Search Applications Provider etc . , most of which take exactly the same amount of space , 12.00kb . note that this is just an assumption , i have no further proof .
i found a plugin ! when i first looked , i did not realize locale plugins were compatible with tasker . the plugin is called " locale gtalk plug-in " by billy francisco . i have a galaxy nexus with ics , and it appears to be working fine ; my status was set properly by a task . there is a nearly identically named app , " locale gtalk plug-in free " by willem stoker ; reviews warned it includes air push advertising , so i did not install or test it .
well , it sounds like you do not want to monkey much . ( otherwise i would recommend rooting and then installing vanilla 2.2 , which is going to be the most stable of any release ) . it sounds like the problem you experienced is just a flat out bug and might not have anything to do with any apps you are running . on the other hand , are you using any task-killing apps , or battery saving apps or anything that might be screwing around with system processes ? if you are , i would recommend getting rid of them -- they are generally cause more problems in the long-run than they solve . if not , then i am not sure what to tell you other than file a bug report or call verizon and complain , but neither of these options will fix your problem . if the problem was at root a signal issue , there is a way to update cell tower information , which verizon can help you with . it involves dialing a number and allowing an automatic update . but , if you did want to monkey a bit , then i do suggest flashing the vanilla froyo . it is just a little intensive , but would not take you longer than an hour . if you want information in this regard , i can provide you with a website that includes step by step instructions .
this functionality is available with the developer toolkit . the post is a bit old so newer versions of android will have different icons and slightly different menus , but it walks you through getting the tools installed and then being able to capture screen-shots . also the tutorial is for windows , but it should work with any os that you get the android dev tools running on ( windows , mac os x , and linux ) . how to take screenshots of your android based phone from windows
on android &lt ; 3.0 or on firefox v8 or earlier i think you still have to use the clunky , not-so-intuitive method . you swipe the screen to the left and it will reveal a sidebar on the right side of the screen which has the bookmark star . press that and it bookmarks the page . how they expected to you to find this on your own i will never know . on honeycomb devices with firefox 9+ ( currently beta ) you just need to press the little star icon on the far right side of the address bar . it pretty much works just like the desktop version . annotated screenshot for the right sidebar :
as i mentioned in the comments the twitter app does not seen to have an in-app browser so i am using the reddit is fun app instead since i know it does . i think that all in-app browsing uses a webview so it should be the same across all apps . the webview and chrome both use the webkit engine but chrome seems to use a more up-to-date one . i tried out sunspider on a few different devices and on the s2 with the browser . nexus 7 Running Android 4.2.2, Chrome 26.0.1410.58 Chrome: 1747ms (WebKit 537.31) In-app: 1720ms (WebKit 534.30)  nexus s Running Android 4.1.2, Chrome 18.0.1025.166, Chrome: 3443.7ms (WebKit 535.19) In-app: 4307.1ms (WebKit 534.30)  samgsung galaxy s2 Running Android 4.1.1 Resurrection Remix v3.8 ROM. Browser: 1488.8ms (WebKit 534.30) In-app: 1614.2ms (WebKit 534.30)  i ran the tests twice as i was suprised at the speed of the galaxy s2 compared to the nexus 7 but got roughly the same figures .
you can call between avd 's . run 2 avd , each will have diffrent number - it is placed on window title bar , example 5558 . call from one to other using this numbers . you can also text ; ] in your avd you simply cannot use real celluar network because your pc/mac do not have built-in gsm modem ( even if , avd is not supporting this kind of feature ) .
sprint tells me that i need to pay for a hot-spot plan for $30 , but there has to be a way around this besides rooting my phone and putting cyanogen on it . sprint clamped down and disabled the previously free built-in tethering with the latest update . if you want usb tethering you can try pdanet , but wifi tethering will almost certainly require you to root , as it does on other devices . even with root , you do not necessarily need to use cyanogenmod if you do not want to , though ; you could just as easily install a free tethering app ( one example ) . this has been covered here a lot , in fact , so you might want to take a look at any wifi tethering apps noted in other questions . see also : is there a way to enable wifi-tethering without root access ?
update : apparently there was enough of a hue and cry about it that they have added a button , although " ok maps " will still work . not the same as the old offline maps , but better than nothing i suppose . having come under fire for ( mostly ) removing the option to save offline maps in its new android app , google has pushed a new update that makes it easier for users to save local areas to their device . in a post on google+ , the company notes that its " engineering team has been working around the clock " to add a " make this map area available offline " card inside the app , mimicking the functionality of the ' ok maps " command . ( source : the verge ) at least i am not the only one who regrets the removal of this feature . the other problem with the redesign is that google ( mostly ) removed the option to save offline maps — a feature that was only a year old to begin with . power users still have a way to cache maps locally , however . daniel graf , director for google maps , tells us that the company 's engineers were just as unhappy with the loss of the feature as we were , so they built an easter egg . when you type in " ok maps " ( or " okay maps " ) into the search box , it will save a cached version of the visible map area locally . it is not as convenient or manageable as proper offline maps , but at least it is an option — assuming you remember it is there . ( source : the verge )
after trying a few apps , i settled on kiescast by samsung . pros simple intuitive ui . has almost all settings that one would generally need without being overly complex . play speed from 0.5x to 2.0x . skip interval is configurable . very good podcast search . plays videos as well . cons sometimes cpu use goes thru the roof . loses the play position sometimes after the podcast is stopped . ad supported . can not complain as it is free but company like samsung should be able to support it without ads . moreover , while listening the screen can shut off and thus no ads . in video play mode i have not seen any ads as i usually watch video full screen .
no , official or custom firmware are only to be used with the device specified in its name using a different phone model may result in your hard bricking your phone is there a reason why you want to use a different phone model firmware over your own ?
short answer : yes more detailed answer : the file size limit is not something specific to android , it is a limit of the file system . it may " technically " be a bug in android though , as fat32 , which is what the file system is for the sdcard , should have a file size limit of 4gb ( ( 2^32 ) -1 = 4,294,967,295b ) but it looks like the filesystem on android is android is actually using a limit of ( ( 2^31 ) - 1 = 2,147,483,647b ) . which means they could be using signed integers , instead of unsigned integers for the addressing on the filesystem .
wiping or performing a factory reset via cwm should not touch any of the data on the internal sd card . however , performing a factory reset from within the android settings will wipe all personal data on the sd card . use odin to flash a stable version of either the stock rom or one designed especially for your device . that should at least allow you to boot the phone normally .
set up a child account on the device , this is pretty simple , there is an overview of that process here . you do not to sign the child in using a google account , it lets you skip these steps . assuming you want your kids to be able to download any apps you have already paid for , or want to be able to download any apps you buy them , sign into the play store on the child account using your main account 's credentials , it is probably worth also choosing not to sync all of the main account 's emails/contacts/etc . across at this point . you can then add a pin to the play store so that they can not buy anything with your details and also choose the maturity rating of the content they see , this will not affect the settings of the main account 's play store on the device despite the fact you are using the same google account on the store . from this your kids can access all your already paid for applications but thanks to the pin will not be spending any of your money , at least not without your knowledge , and you have not had to sign them up for a google account . any apps that they download also are not automatically put into your main accounts app list so you do not have to worry about them downloading a load of games and it filling your home screen a la ipad/iphone style . the downside to this approach is that your kids will be able to read your gmail , see your calender and contacts etc . a good solution to this is an app locker which restricts them from using these applications . i tested app lock and it seemed to do the job well . if you do not mind your kids not being able to download apps you have already paid for on your account and are not bothered about not being able to access any games you buy them then i think it would be worth signing up for a new main google account and adding your credit card details to this . you could then sign onto the child 's play store using this new account , set up the pin same and maturity in the same way as the last approach but this time you will not have to worry about them seeing your emails or any other information that is linked to your main account . for both of these approaches if you download an application on the child 's account with your main account selected in the store but have added the child 's email as well and then switched back to this on the store after the download the app will remain on the device and still be usable . if you want any more information , clarification or screenshots just say in the comments and i will add it or test it out if i have not already .
this is not a rumor : the notification history is a true feature from android 4.3 , although they do not make any mention of it in their what is new page . the following steps will allow you to take advantage from the notification history in a vanilla android jelly bean 4.3: go to your app drawer , then tap the widgets tab . scroll until you reach settings shortcut ( 1x1 ) widget . drag and drop this widget to your home screen . you will see a screen where you can select the type of settings this shortcut will open . select notifications . the shortcut notifications will be in your home screen , tap it . the screen notifications shows the notification history we are talking about . in this screen currently active notifications appear in full intensity , while dismissed ones are dimmed . tapping in each notification from this screen will open the corresponding app info screen , where you will be able to toggle the option show notifications as you wish . remember : if you turn off notifications for an app , its icon will disappear from the status bar , all its notifications will be dimmed in the notification history screen , and you may miss important notifications about this app from now on . only do this if you are completely sure .
you can see a list of all apps in Settings -&gt; Apps ( or Applications ) and then select the All tab to see factory-installed apps in addition to downloaded apps .
the exploit ( and fix ) android " master key " article describes the process of using the “master key” exploit to get elevated privileges with lots of technical details . the main point is that the exploit by itself does not give root privileges — only arbitrary code execution as the system user , and another privilege elevation exploit is needed to get root privileges ( one well-known example shown in the article is writing ro.kernel.qemu=1 to /data/local.prop , but this attack is blocked in most android 4.1 and later versions ) . the article also provides download links for the cydia impactor tool which automates the “master key” exploit ( currently only up to getting the system user rights , not all the way to root ) . there are versions for windows and mac os x .
did you have the required baseband and did you use cwm recovery to install the zip file ? if yes , flash the stock rom again and root the phone , intall cwm and install v2 zip file first and then v2.5 . i have been using cosmic rom v2.5 from the past one month and do not have any issues . you seem to be having issues only because of some goof up during installation . http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2503230 he has given the . bin file for the supported baseband . flash it via odin .
cdma phones do not use sim cards , that is the most obvious way to tell . ( some world phones are both cdma and have gsm hardware and sim cards , but that is not relevant here ) . most carriers are only one or the other so your carrier should be a good indication as well .
per this : . . . the first letter is the release family ( e . g . kitkat ) , second letter is the branch code ( release or testing ) , and the next three characters indicate date code ( quarter beginning in q1 2009 , day number within quarter ) .
i did some research and found out that this was pre-installed either by huawei , or my telecom , as it resided in /cust/tata/in/app . the notepad app is too bad as it does not allow anything else other than adding and deleting notes . i solved my problem by manually opening each and every one of the notes , selecting all of them , tapping " copy " and then going to a file manager to open a text file . i then pasted it there , and saved them one by one .
if you have saved the previous version 's .apk , you can re-instate it . that is why i have appmonster pro backup restore installed and running : it captures each and every .apk installed , so i can always revert to a previous version . if you do not have the old .apk available , and you are talking about a free app , you can check android drawer for a previous version 's .apk . download it , make sure you have unknown-sources enabled in your settings , and launch the .apk e.g. from a file explorer . this should install the ( old version of the ) app without you losing any data .
yes many people experienced problems . have a look at : http://www.google.com/support/forum/p/google+mobile/thread?tid=1c21a7e3690388b0hl=en where a google employee is asking for information on the problems people are having and asking them to submit bug reports . here 's the generic bug report link for nexus s with ics : http://support.google.com/mobile/bin/request.py?contact_type=android_bugreport
you could perhaps download a font from the google play store ? i have seen some fonts packs up there . e.g. https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.develop.plugin.fontfeature=search_result#?t=w251bgwsmswyldesimnvbs5kzxzlbg9wlnbsdwdpbi5mb250il0 . some of these will more than likely require your device be rooted . or you can change the size of your phone 's font . to do that go to settings\display\font , you should be ably to manipulate the font . was not much to go on so i hope this helps .
i just found es file explorer which seems to do what i need , and a little bit more . this looks pretty promising . i will report back if i have any issues with it , but for now it seems to answer my question .
you can always put the files on an sd card and transfer them to your internal storage from there , but as was said in the comments , if something happens during the process and you are unable to boot your phone , the only way to recover from that is to reflash it from the computer , using the usb cable . you can use titanium backup to back all of your apps up onto the sd card , and hopefully you keep everything you can backed up through google , but you still would have an unusable phone if something happened .
the samsung galaxy s2 does have dual microphones . however , if using gingerbread ( 2.3 ) , the device only records mono audio . using ice cream sandwich ( 4.0 ) though , the device can record stereo audio at about 130 kbps with a sampling rate of 48khz . source : gsm arena
well after an hour of searching around for how to revert the hosts file , i gave up . ( i kept having permission denied errors ) . so i downloaded adfree again ( turns out that is what i had before ) and clicked " revert " .
turns out the procedure worked . the imei is blacklisted by the foreign network at the time of the test .
as @mathew read already said , since your starting again clear the old app data . settings > applications > manage applications > select the messaging app choose ' clear data ' and also ' clear cache ' . if not you could also factory reset the phone .
the easiest solution would be to simply remove the battery . as far as i know , holding down the power button on the galaxy nexus does not force it to power down .
digging through the logcat , immediately after the com.android.browser activity is launched , i found a " fatal signal 11 ( sigsegv ) " in vold , the volume daemon that handles storage . lots of other storage related issues in the log too . so i checked the virtual device settings one more time and noticed that the sd card size was not specified . i had assumed that the default settings should work , but apparently not . i entered 2 gb for the sd card , restarted the emulator , and the browser works fine now .
they are all electromagnetic waves with different wavelengths . there had been no scientific evidence that they are dangerous in the power level used in common appliances , and many researches shows no evidence of danger in the short term studies , however many countries adopts the precautionary approach and advises people to minimize exposure just in case since long term study and study in children has not been conclusive yet ( these kind of studies takes a very long time since they follow their subjects for decades ) , although preliminary results suggests that long term effect may also be of no danger . you are probably more likely to be killed in a car accident then getting a cancer due to mobile phone radiation .
i have ended up using tasker , it is trivial to create a task to kill a specific application ( google chrome ) , than add a shortcut ( widget ) to that task on the screen . edit : i have actually created a task that not only kills chrome , but restarts it afterwards as well , all in one click :
try starting it in safe mode and see if the led still acts up . . link - http://www.myvusers.com/forums/samsung-galaxy-nexus/10880-safe-mode-galaxy-nexus-samsung.html
do not think you can do that with the stock messaging app . might be best to install an alternative app to do that . there is three alternative popular ones available from google play . there is handcent-sms , go-sms mentioned in the tags , also there is chomp-sms as well . as for permissions yeah , that is a tricky one , as long as they do not have the over-usage of permission demands , you should be pretty ok . as an off-topic , i do know that in cyanogenmod , there is a setting to deselect the permissions as required for each and every app you install , for example , an app called ' foosms ' - uncheck ' read sms ' , the app may bomb out with an security error exception due to the said permission being revoked . incidentally , there is cm7 available for europa via madteam .
depending on your needs , you may consider an applock program . it does not lock your phone , but it may provide the same purpose by locking any apps you want . for the particular app i use , smart app protector , ( my version is from amazon ) you can configure it to have unlimited retries ( which is the default ) , and you can configure it to use a pattern or pin . you can configure the relock delays as well , so you are not entering in a pin or pattern every single time you open a program .
see these other two , older questions , about how to take screenshots : taking a screenshot of an android phone ? and can i screenshot my htc legend without rooting it ?
there was an app that i had a while ago , i think they removed it from the market , but i found it here : tricorder . it is a little cheesey and geeky , but if you are in the first section ( "grav" ) it will show you the direction vectors from the readings it gets from the accelerometer . it does some other cool things too , but for your diagnostic purposes , it should work well ! update : here 's a screenshot of what you are looking for . i took this while holding my phone horizontally , and you will notice the " y " vector is 0.040 . it kept moving between 0.080 and 0.000 . i would say if it is much more than 0.150 off , you probably have a hardware issue . here 's the reading i got at ~0.500 . to get this reading , i held the phone horizontally and lifted up the left side almost a centimeter . here 's the screenshot , if it helps :
my phone is working on 4.1.1 and i downloaded and installed the application , it worked fine . no problems at all . xda seems to be a reliable source . i used it to type this answer and i am going to uninstall it as i have paid version of swiftkey . i will post a comment whether it uninstalls or not .
i think you should just flash another rom . you will still have all your data on the internal sd so no need to worry about that . this would wipe your /system . so what you want to do is follow the standard procedure of installing a new custom rom and you should be good to go without any data loss ( eg . pictures , videos etc . you still lose any app data not backed up on the cloud ) . a great site with recommendations which i use for my own phone is galaxys2root . some rom recommendations i can give you from my own personal usage are aokp jb mr2 , resurrection remix v5 . try to avoid the ones with battery drain issues and you should be fine . going thru the phone log with your phone not booting up is a hassle which is unnecessary in this case . just do the above and you will be fine .
in my case the problem appears to have been caused by the " manage locking " section of juicedefender . turning that off solved the problem .
as your phone is rooted , you could use titanium backup to backup app and data . then uninstall viber , re-install it , check if it works , and use tb again to restore only the data . keep in mind that when a mis-configuration is the cause of your problem , after restoring the app 's data your problem might be back . in that case , simply repeat the operation , but do not restore the data , if you want the app working again . of course , in that case your chat history would be lost ; but you might be able to manually pick the data from tibu 's backups .
i can see two major problems with this . android 2.2 does not support usb host mode out-of-the-box . this means any external usb peripherals like your modem are not recognized by the android device . although some successful attempts were made to shoehorn this functionality into several handsets , the process is not easy to say the least . it is only been developed for a few phones so far , and would take quite an effort to port to your specific tablet . depending on the target device 's kernel 's availability of source code , this may not even be possible at all . even if usb host is achieved , the android drivers for the modem would need to be obtained . a quick google search does not return anything useful , which means the drivers would need to be written from scratch . without the aid of the manufacturer , this may prove to be an impossible task for a hobbyist developer . unfortunately , it looks like you are stuck with using your tab 's built-in wifi for data connectivity .
no . if you have a custom recovery that supports adb / root , you can boot into it and use adb to remount /system as read-write and push the missing file over . but otherwise you do not have access to most of the phone .
have you enabled searchify as a ' searchable item ' under the global search settings ?
android updates have nothing to do with what network the phone is currently on , or what sim card is inserted . the updates come from whoever you got your phone from . if you bought your phone from a carrier , they almost certainly customized the os to include their special apps ( a . k.a. bloatware ) , and sometimes to limit features like wi-fi hotspot . for that reason , the updates have to come from them , and of course this adds some delay to the process : once the manufacturer has the update ready , they supply the new source code to the carrier , who has to update their special features for the new version , and go through another round of tests and qa . carriers do not have the same software expertise or resources as oems , so this takes longer . if you did not buy the phone from a carrier , then it'll be running an os provided by the manufacturer , so updates will come from them directly . for nexus devices , this means the updates come straight from google . in your specific case , if your galaxy note came without a sim card , i guess you did not get it from a carrier , in which case you will get the update from samsung , as soon they make it available for your region . if you did get it from a carrier originally , you will get the update from your old carrier . either way , your new carrier has nothing to do with it , because they did not provide the os in your phone .
try sliding the notification bar down , then long press on the ' new voicemail ' notification . there should be one option " app info " , go to this and clear cache and data . if your version of android / device does not support the long press notification , go to Settings &gt; Applications &gt; All &gt; Phone ' phone ' may be called ' dialler ' or similar on varying devices . clear cache and data . warning some devices ( very rarely to be honest ) tie your contacts to the dialler application , or your call history , clearing the data may clear some or all of these . ensure you have backups to be 100% sure that , however unlikely , if something goes wrong you have what is important . it is very unlikely and i do this all the time to get rid of that notification , but it is always better to be safe than sorry .
it is pretty easy , because your android phone will sync to google contacts . sync your windows mobile phone to your computer ( outlook , outlook express , whatever you normally sync to ) export your contacts from there to a csv . ( go to file menu on the top left in the out look , click on import and export , click on export file to , click next , click on comma separated values ( windows ) , click on next , click on contacts , click on browse select drive and folder where you want to save file , click on next . ) you are done use google contacts to import the csv ( import is in the upper right from http://google.com/contacts ) wait a couple minutes . all of your contacts will show up on your android phone soon !
not officially , and not without voiding your warranty . you would need to install a custom rom , of which there are several , the most popular of which seems to be cyanogenmod .
the problem was the difference in unlocked bootloaders between e610 and e612 . finally i ended up using the few seconds before the reboot to write the backed up bootloader and recovery back via dd . wow i hardly often do backups , but this time it was quite helpful .
go into the settings app . choose security , then owner info . uncheck show owner info on lock screen .
there are a couple of phones that support usb host mode . you could check the compatibility list of the app " dslr controller " over here : http://dslrcontroller.com/devices.php in the column " how to connect " are links to an adapter cable which enables you to connect a camera to your phone . if your phone is listed there or you verify via outher sources that your phone supports usb host mode then you could try one of the cables listed there . after that you would need an app that enables you to mount the camera storage so you can access it . today i ordered one of those cables and will try to connect a cardreader to my phone ( samsung galaxy s gt-i9000 ) . will post further updates once the cable arrives .
here 's a few tips for troubleshooting : go to system settings > apps > click android keyboard ( aosp ) . clear data . clear cache . if that does not work , and you have a custom recovery , reboot into recovery and clear the entire cache , clear davlik cache , and go to advanced > fix permissions . other than that , you could try uninstalling and reinstalling from google play or downloading a different keyboard .
do not have a windows machine handy but look in the microsoft site advises , ( for windows 7 ) : autoplay lets you choose which program to use for different kinds of digital media , such as music cds or pictures from your digital camera . show all to turn autoplay on or off when you turn autoplay on , you can choose what should happen when you insert different types of digital media into your computer . for example , you can choose which digital media player is used to play cds . when autoplay is turned off , you are prompted to choose what you want to do when you insert digital media into your computer . open autoplay by clicking the start button picture of the start button , and then clicking control panel . in the search box , type autoplay , and then click autoplay . do one of the following : to turn autoplay on , select the use autoplay for all media and devices check box . to turn autoplay off , clear the use autoplay for all media and devices check box . click save . n.b. it is almost always a good idea to turn this off as it stops malicious code on cds/dvds/usb keys/etc from being able to run .
vruemk2 - is not bootloader unlocked . so no cwm and custom roms for this . you only have root via saferoot method . there is not a known bootloader unlock yet for the past 2 or 3 ota releases .
it is just because , under some circumstances , flashing can take a while . you really do not want your device shutting off while it is being flashed ; it can brick the device . the calibration for the battery is stored , yes , but usually it gets adjusted within a few charges of the phone . it might be a little inaccurate for a while , but it is not a major concern .
it works . game closure ( which is html/javascript ) runs on ouya . there are some posts by staff members on the mailing list . it takes some work to get controller support as of writing ( they are working on making it available out of the box ) .
no android does not saves your custom words from the dictionary of the keyboard in your google account . normally default keyboard does not automatically sync your personal ( custom ) dictionary . but you can email it or make backup of it in sdcard . setting -> keyboard -> personal dictionary or setting -> keyboard -> keyboard type ( eg htc sence input ) -> personal dictionary
the android device manager application has access to many device permissions . some of those allow it enable gps capabilities in order to find out the device 's current location . once you enable it on your phone , you can log into adm 's web site , and provided your device currently has internet connectivity , you can send a request to your phone to retrieve this information and send it to google 's servers . google then displays see this information on a live map . as described in the help section of adm 's website , you can also choose to provide the phone number to dial once you lock the device remotely ( it can be any number that you currently have access to . ) this information is then sent to the phone , and is displayed on the lock screen with a dial button . you can also choose to wipe your device , in which case google will remotely instruct the adm app that is installed on your device to perform a full factory reset ( including wiping the contents of removable storage . ) in terms of privacy issues , it is definitely a trade-off . by using apps like android device manager ( there are plenty of alternatives as well , ) you are trusting that application 's developers with your location data . in return there is a small chance that you will be able to retrieve a lost or stolen phone , or at the very least erase your private data off of it . in this case you place your trust in google , since they are developing adm .
download ical import export 2.2 from the play store and you can backup the calendar on your phone . move the file to your pc and follow the instructions here : https://support.google.com/calendar/answer/37118?hl=en to upload to your google calendar online . or maybe you can just turn sync on ? that i do not know . but create the backup first if you try it ! good luck
the current new nexus 7 's only support wifi . they do not support any mobile data yet . but once they are released with mobile data support , you can count on them supporting older networks , like 3g ( hspa/hspa+ ) as well as supporting 4g ( lte ) . lte coverage is not wide enough for them to only support 4g .
i found the answer on this page , and the solution was to download and install a compass fix patch .
that is a very interesting question . i am not sure if this can be done , to scramble the keypad 's number layout every-time on unlock to force you to slow down . you have pointed out the weakness in the security - smudges on the touchscreen ; the only thing that i can think of is this - wipe down the screen each time . . . now you may get funny looks from others , akin to taking off the glasses each time and wiping it cleanly to " see " again if you get my drift . i would not be surprised if there is a soft keyboard layout that appears at random intervals but i suspect its never thought of as it would drive users batty especially when texting . the lock-screen 's pin mechanism is in-built and to override that mechanism requires going down the unofficial programming interface that does not have the approval from google 's android development aspect . almost bordering on using malware techniques to achieve it . the other thing i can think of is to use a screen protector , in that way , the smudges will show on it but not on the actual touchscreen . despite saying that , one could theoretically sprinkle a bit of powder on the screen and gently brush it away to see where the fingerprint is on but that is going ott on the other hand , that is , if you watch too much ncis . . . : ) my suggestion - in the case of pattern unlock , do not allow " use visible pattern " or " use tactile feedback " under settings > location and security settings , to minimize breach . but however , your question is a worthy +1 from me from a security viewpoint . edit : just an afterthought after exchange on chat , it is quite possible in theory , to use a custom keyboard that is tied specifically to password input , the ones that shows an asterisk in place , and just randomize the keyboard layout with letters , numbers re-positioned at random intervals but that could have an adverse side effect , as in " darn it , now i have to be extra careful to , not to go too fast ! " or " darn it , one thing to do - uninstall it as tis annoying ! "
i just encountered this same problem on a new galaxy siii with verizon . i am using stock android 4.1.2 and found the answer to be simple . just open the contacts app , then click the phone 's menu button , then choose the " contacts to display " menu , the select the gear icon to the right of " customized list " , then choose the respective contacts account , then uncheck ( or check ) the email contact groups that you wish to hide , press " done " in the upper right when finished . that should have activate the " customized list " , but you can return to that menu to confirm . that is it ! simple and no need to install custom rom .
on a stock carrier/manufacturer 's rom there is probably not a whole lot you can do i would imagine , but cyanogenmod 7 ( its gingerbread-based version ) allows you to dismiss individual notifications by swiping them away . you can see it in action in this lifehacker article .
basically , this could be possible . i have got cm7.2 on my motorola droid2 , which also has its bootloader locked . being at work , i cannot access all ressources ( firewall restricts me ) -- but just in case , there seems to be a youtube tutorial on unlock any sony ericsson xperia in 5 minutes , just in case you want to unlock first ( which should make things easier ) . according to xda your device should be supported by cm9 . however , i could not figure out whether cm by default uses 2nd init on the xperia devices ( which is what must be done when the bootloader is locked -- and how it works e.g. on the motorola milestone 2 ; but obviously this is not done for the st17i ) . so if you want to try with your bootloader locked , you should check with the instructions coming with your cm9 build to make sure : some sources i have found ( not sure which xperia the st17i is , so they might apply or not ) , as e.g. how to pgrade xperia x8 to android 4.0 ics / how to upgrade xperia x8 to android 4.1 jelly bean and especially android forums - view single post - all xperia mini ( un ) rooting , un ( re ) locking bootloader , flashing cm , kernels , cwm , rom 's , tweaks etc ( which explicitly applies to your st17i ) , mention an unlocked bootloader as pre-condition for flashing cm9 . so the answer is probably no , though it would theoretically be possible .
sorry , but you cant prevent this . the developer can set in the androidmanifest . xml if the activity ( the screen you see ) hide the statusbar or not . this is the setting , if you are interested in : @android:style/Theme.NoTitleBar
if you use the gmail app the mail is pushed instead of synced and therefore you cannot find the sync frequency setup . however , if you set up your gmail account in the android email app , where you can have your non gmail accounts ( pop3/imap/exchange ) , the mail is synced and you can set the frequency in the account settings , inside the email app .
you can do so e.g. with tasker , adapting the wifi tether profile described in the tasker wiki -- provided your phone is rooted : requirements rooted device tasker locale execute plug-in ( no longer available -- but most likely no longer needed , either ) wireless tether for root users tasker-tasks tether-on : plugin -> execute script -> run shell /data/data/android.tether/tether start 1 , check " use root " ( with the locale execute plugin , prefix the command with an ! to mark it as " root command" ) tether-off : plugin -> execute script -> run shell /data/data/android.tether/tether stop 1 ( with the locale execute plugin , prefix the command with an ! to mark it as " root command" ) tasker-profiles you now can attach these tasks to any condition , such as e.g. " wifi near " with your networks name . you can also add things like " wifi on " / " wifi off " to above tasks to customize . detailed descriptions can be found in the linked wiki .
take a look at this thread over at xda-developers forum . someone wrote a java app to extract the contacts out of the . sbf file into vcard files , which are a lot easier to deal with . also , in the same thread people report that with the latest version of kies you can execute a restore without having a samsung phone connected to the pc , and extract the contents . i personally have not tried either method , so please let us know if they work for you .
the literature you read was wrong , then . link2sd only uses the extra partition . the main partition is still mounted under /media/sdcard or somewhere similar . with link2sd , you cannot physically remove the sd card , but you can mount the sd card on the computer . the second partition does not get mounted , so the apps are still accessible while the standard partition is mounted on the computer . if you want more space , you can always repartition your sd card manually on your computer , if your version of clockworkmod ( cwm ) does not have the size you desire . gparted on linux is a handy gui , and there are apps for mac and windows as well . and you can still install apps to your sd card the normal android way , though the dalvik cache and other data will still use up the internal memory ( which is likely limited in your case , as that is the reason to use link2sd in the first place ) . purpose of link2sd here 's an hypothetical example+ . you have 180mb free internal memory . you have a standard 16gb sd card . when you install an app to the sd card , 10%* of the app is actually still on the internal memory . so when you have installed 1.8gb of apps , you run out of internal memory , even though your external sd card could hold a bunch more . in comes link2sd . now , your sd card is actually 12gb standard and 4gb for linking . new apps get linked , but this time 100% of the app is moved , so you can install 4gb of apps instead of 1.8gb . you should not be limited to 4gb , either . clockworkmod ( cwm ) may only list 4gb as the maximum size , but you can use a computer to make the linking partition as large as you want . *made up percentage . it varies by app . +not so hypothetical . with my old optimus v , this was almost exactly my setup .
calendar snooze can repeat reminders until you acknowledge them , forever . it works with the default calendar app , and will let it keep syncing with google . you can customize how often the notification repeats , how many times ( including " keep repeating" ) , and you can customize two sets of reminders , for example repeating every minute for 5 minutes , and then ever 5 minutes for an hour . it can also use notifications , the led , text-to-speech , and alert popups . it also ( as the name suggests ) allows a very powerful snooze mechanism , with completely customizable snoozes .
go to Settings-&gt;Sony Ericsson-&gt;Connectivity and un-check Auto connect in MSC .
it is , if you have root access . found the following solution on l0uy blog : open /system/csc/others.xml and add the following child to the &lt;FeatureSet&gt; parant : &lt;CscFeature_Contact_SetLinkCountMaxAs&gt;30&lt;/CscFeature_Contact_SetLinkCountMaxAs&gt;  the 30 is the limit , how much contacts you will merge . choose what you want . works fine on 4.1.2 .
dolphin browser hd allows you to search google from the address bar , and it shows suggestions as you type . it does not explicitly say that it has this feature but i use it all the time . if you type something in the address bar that is not a web address and hit go it will automatically search , just like chrome does .
i treat chargers with the same specs as interchangeable . . . many usb chargers are rated as 5v 500ma ( or . 5a ) ; in most cases , you should be able to interchange them ( it may take excellent eyesight to actually read the specs ; on my motoroloa chargers , they are very faintly engraved ) . some apple chargers produce more current than the standard 500ma , so i would not use them to charge products other than the intended . since most computer usb ports are rated for 500ma , chargers with the same rating should charge any usb-chargeable device without problems .
i have three droid incredibles that we have replaced with different phones . the play store still works on all of them . check out this post for the most recent google play apk and side load it . if that does not work , i would recommend doing a factory reset . it seems like your system has gotten confused . alos , look into airplane mode wifi app to keep your wireless radio off but leave your wifi on .
there are multiple ways to clear " default actions": walking through the list of apps in settings&rarr ; apps&rarr ; manage apps , looking at each entry whether it has a " clear defaults " button , and hit that ( not very user-friendly -- and in this special case obviously not applyable , as the action seems not bound to a special app ) using a helper app like e.g. default app manager or defaultapp reset ( much more user-friendly -- but not suitable in this case , for the same reason as the previous point ) installing another app which uses the same intent ( in case of a " homescreen launcher " and the " home " key , another launcher , to give an example ) -- not always easy to figure out what app might be fitting for this purpose . this is what lead to success in our case here , by installing andmade share note : you do not need to keep that app installed . it is the installation of the app which " drops " the default . this is also the purpose why the next item works : updating/uninstalling one of the apps currently using this intent ( to take above example : that is why you will be asked again when your launcher received an update ) -- this point just for completeness : )
definitely it is related to low battery , i tried a couple of more tests and if the battery is &lt ; 20% this always happens .
i remember this . when i first got my phone i made the same mistake , setting my contacts to save to my phone instead of google . i believe i ended up using the free version of mybackup to backup my contacts , then restore them as google contacts .
you can save the image to sd card and use the gallery app to set the wallpaper . gallery app has the feature to crop selected portion of an image and then save it as a wallpaper .
assuming samsung have made the same changes for the captivate as the galaxy , then fully opening an appointment in the calendar app and pressing edit , you should have a line labelled " calendar " that will say " my calendar " ( this is the local calendar on the phone ) , press the arrow beside that and it takes you to a list of your calendars and lets you select your google calendar to move the appointment there . also when you are in the calendar and want to create a new appointment there are two ways to do it . either long pressing on a day/time takes you to the quick appointment creation box , this always goes into your phone 's local calendar and then needs moving out to your gcal . however if you press the menu button and select " create " then it takes you to the same screen as the edit screen , and you can pick which calendar to save to from there .
the nook devs site provides links and goes over downloading google apps to your nook color running honeycomb . this site lists the available google app downloads from cyanogenmod , explaining that they cannot come pre-installed due to licensing restrictions . the links at the very bottom of the page ( and the first link ) should help you find the appropriate applications .
after much torment and due to an unfortunate accident , i went ahead and purchased one . the answer is : tilde close screen tap the input area long press a click tilde backtick ( grave ) close screen tap the input area long press apostrophe realize that you were pressing the voice search button since the apostrophe button is so small and cramped , so cancel the voice search repeat 3 until success click backtick this is a major pain . i may just make an alternate soft keyboard for myself that just has those two buttons .
easytether i think would be your best option . the free version is full-figured , and paying for the full market version will get you https:// sites . and the drivers for it are available on their website for download . p.s. it is only $4.99 right now in the amazon appstore ; )
for now i am using tasker to solve this problem . just set headset plugged as the context , and make the task set media volume to where i want it . if someone finds a better solution and posts here i will accept it as answer . note the market version of tasker was force closing on my sidekick . i emailed the developer and he got it fixed . look for apk version 1.1b4 or above and it should work on sidekick . this update will get pushed to the market sometime i am sure ( or maybe it already has been )
keyboards like smart keyboard and better keyboard ( *tap ? 123 and then &lt ; > key to access ) do indeed have arrow keys that can appear below the normal onscreen keyboard or as a separate keyboard containing arrow keys alone . the caveat being , the onscreen keyboard will use up some of your screen real-estate while in use . as regards games , most non-htc android devices are without trackpads and d-pads too ( unfortunately ! ) , so most game devs would bear that in mind . i do not know if the onscreen keyboard would work in the games you play , however .
try putting sh in front of your command , eg . : sh ./scp  or sh -c ./scp 
the files ( if they are considered as such ) to which logs are written by the device are not in /system but in /dev/log . these " files " are reset at every boot , so unless the device you have has a boot-time script that automatically saves logs to a file in , say , /sdcard , there is sadly no way to retrieve the logs you want while in recovery .
your carrier is responsible for sending ota updates . check their website , call them and ask , or try searching for your carrier 's name and " android update " .
most vendors/manufacturers modify the android source code to ensure full compatibility with the devices hardware - if you were to update to a clean version of android , it just would not work properly ( and it it even booted , most things would not work at all ) . some manufacturers implement an ota update feature - whereas some do not . those that do not sometimes make you connect your phone/tablet to the computer and use their ' helper ' program to do the update . even the devices that do connect to the internet and download the update are vendor specific - device specific even , it is just that the manufacturer let you do it that way . as to your final question : yes , through a custom rom . custom rom 's are versions of android that have been modified by the android community , based on the stock android code , to work on your device . you should search google , or look at forums such as xda-developers for more info about rom 's , or to look for a rom for your device . remember : all the hardware in phones are different . only the manufacturer knows how to code for it , so that is why default android code will not work with it - it would need propriety drivers .
i have had that before , i think it has something to do with how the device was named on the build . prop . i had a device that runs on ics before , i changed rom to another ics and one of my apps showed incompatible on the play store . i installed the app from a backup copy and it ran without problems .
i found now a solution myself : first , cat /etc/resolv.conf is not a valid way to display the used dns servers under android . use getprop net.dns1 instead . in my case the dns server was not the google server as set in /etc/resolv.conf , instead it was one of my isp which accepts only requests from ips in its network but my openvpn server is in another network . to solve this issue i just modified /system/etc/dhcpcd/dhcpcd-hooks/20-dns.conf a bit : that will force the phone to always use the google dns servers for all connections ( e . g . 3g , wifi , openvpn , . . . ) . i have tested that for a few weeks now and it works perfect .
it depends on several things as matthew read mentions , the hardware , your location , and the other fiddly bits about actual communication are important to the discussion . but , you also need to consider what you are doing with the phone . are you retrieving largish amounts of data often ? if so , wifi may be less drain on the battery by letting you finish sooner - remember the screen drains power while you are waiting for 3g to finish what wifi may have finished much sooner . ( but that depends on what brightness level you have your phone set to . ) in short , set your phone up the way you like to use it , in the place you like to use it . then run the best test you can to see which uses more battery . keep everything as much the same during the tests as possible . ( know exactly which apps are running , plan what data to use , and time how long you use the data after it is retrieved . )
the solution that seemed to work , at last , was the following . i connected the tablet with usb into my pc . then downloaded the signed package of gapps for my android version , from http://goo.im and moved it in the same dir as the adb executable . after that , i booted the tablet in recovery mode , chose the option " update from adb " , and run the command " adb sideload gapps . zip " , where gapps . zip is the filename downloaded earlier . everything run good and i can now see , the necessary services .
take a look at the choosing your google number page in their help section . specifically , have a look at the " learn more about the difference between the two options " expandable link . the gist is that unless you have sprint , choosing to use your mobile number will simply allow you to port your mobile number and turn it into your gvoice number or continue using gvoice lite . this means you lose your mobile number for your cell plan , which is probably not what you want in most cases . if you have sprint then you can choose to have your gvoice number be a copy of your actual mobile number , allowing gvoice communication to essentially appear as though it originated from your mobile phone ( among other things , explained more at about google voice on sprint ) .
answering myself , it seems in this phone is under : " sd and phone storage > factory data reset . "
within the calendar app 's menu , see if the newly added calendar shows up in my calendars . select and sync your account . if it does not or you have problems , clear the data cache from within android 's main settings > applications section and resync .
found a thread of people with the same issue . htc was contacted an to fix they said factory reset your phone : with the phone turned off , press and hold the volume down key . briefly press the power key . wait for the screen with the 3 android images to appear . press the volume down key twice to select clear storage . press the power . when asked to confirm , press volume up however this has not worked for many users . the second fix would be this : *hey i will gwy&lt ; ----- when you make a mistake like that instead of tapping the backspace button to get rid of your mistakes . press and hold it until it gets rid of your mistakes its a slight fix but its alot easier to have to deal with the whole delete by selection issue
no , performing a factory reset will not affect your hboot version . you should , however , be able to follow this guide instead ( which uses revolutionary ) . there is another page with instructions here which describes in a bit more detail what revolutionary does and where to go from there . the standard disclaimers with regards to possibly bricking your device apply , of course , and i can not guarantee 100% that it will work .
the problem that i have faced was caused by trying to install update of android 4.4.2 for my galaxy s3 while the update requires the previous version which is mk3 ( android 4.3 ) . as i mentioned in the question , i have formatted and deleted the whole system that is why status 7 error showed up because "system/build.prop" was already deleted . the only possible solution i made was downloading and flashing the stock rom from the official site using od3n software .
no . you can only do what you describe on samsung devices with their " knox " feature . this uses special security hardware to provide separate , isolated environments on your phone , so there is no way that information can leak from the " business " environment to the " personal " environment . it is present on their high-end phones since the galaxy s3 , and you can learn more on the official knox website . a similar feature , but for all android devices , is said to be coming in android l , but it is not ready yet . normal user profiles on android do not provide enough isolation for corporate security purposes . it is still possible for the profiles to share information , and for rogue apps with the right permissions to access data from all user profiles . if your device is stolen , it is still necessary to wipe the whole device to prevent an attacker getting access to the private data .
i asked htc what it is about and they responded with : the dcs utility services and components are the programs on your telephone that allow connection to the internet provided by your mobile carrier . it stands for data connection service . a little vague . it also cannot be removed , they told me . and as the sense ui was constantly crashing i decided to install cyaogenmod . best decision ever : not only is my data usage halved , the user interface is stable as a rock .
first off you need to use a qr code reader . there is no way around that . you can not teach some to read qr 's , but you can show them the proper way of using such an app . most of the readers have built in dummy instructions - such as center the code in the picture , how far away to get a good reading and other useful tidbits . besides if they can take a picture with the device , they can read a qr code . so to finish off , yes the easiest way is to have an app installed , unless your ( their ) device has one natively installed
no , unfortunately not in this case , you are seriously out of luck ! it cannot be done . if it did say " bootloader unlock allowed : yes " , then by all means go for it .
microsoft onenote now has an official app for android . you can edit and sync up to 500 notes .
it is not a built-in feature on nexus devices , but samsung devices have this in the accessibility settings . inverting all colours is not much use , as some apps have light text on a dark background , and some apps have dark text on a light background . making text easier to read is better achieved by increasing the text size , which is an option on all android devices ( also in the accessibility settings ) .
the verizon network uses a technology called cdma2000 , or cdma for short . there are different types of cdma2000 connections . the first is 1x , or 1xrtt , which has a potential throughput of 153kbps , but will likely be lower depending on signal strength . when '1x ' is displayed in the status bar , this is the connection type your device has . cdma2000 1xev-do , or ev-do for short , uses multiplexing to increase throughput . the rev . a version of the ev-do standard has a potential throughput of around 3.1mbps . this is the connection type when 3g is displayed in the status bar . verizon is in the process of rolling out a technology called lte which the carrier will market as their 4g service . this new technology will allow much higher throughput ( estimated 12mbps at launch with the specification capable of delivering rates as high as 50-100mbps ) .
settings > > accounts and sync > > add account > > facebook enter your facebook info check the sync contacts checkbox
currently this functionality does not seem to be possible using voice search . there is a free app in the market called navigationpro which is a little funky to figure out at first . it allows you to save locations and name them in the app . you can then enable the feature in the preferences for the app so that whenever you run the app it automatically prompts you for a name you can speak . once it recognizes the name it automatically goes to google maps and starts navigation for the address .
cyanogenmod has its own ota updater . you will not get the official android updates , but the cm updates .
that is a standard android warning . you get that warning when you try to install any keyboard . nope , it will not collect any such data .
i figured out why this is happening . the problem is due too a bug that most other android users are having running 2.3.5 and higher . it happens when more than 50 apps are installed on the sd card . to which it seems there is no work around for as of yet . so we are stuck atm .
read [ this ] : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1259739 after you flash the latest rom you could flash the usb host mode which is [ here ] : http://goo.im/devs/psyke83/roms/u8160/hotfixes called usbhost1-cm-7-20120729-madteam-u8160 . zip enjoy .
actually this feature does exist , but it is disabled by default , so to enable it in a vanilla android jelly bean 4.3 you must follow the steps below : open your phone app , tap the dialer tab ( first one at the left ) . tap the action overflow icon ( at bottom right corner ) and tap settings scroll down to section other call settings . you will see the option dial pad autocomplete is unchecked by default . check the dial pad autocomplete checkbox go back to the dialer , now you will see there is a slightly different layout than previously : the top area is now split in two different areas , shown in the picture as double arrows . the area with red arrow will show the phone number you are currently dialing as normally happens , but now the area with green arrow will show the autocomplete suggestions ( contact name and their phone number ) showing up to 3 contacts at the same time . start dialing a phone number and it will autocomplete both by contact name and by phone number as you touch each key . in the example it shows 3 suggestions : two by numbers 3-5-3 and one by letters corresponding to keys 3-5-3 ( e-l-e ) if you do not feel comfortable with dial pad autocomplete , you can turn off this feature whenever you want by going again to settings menu of the phone app .
download a file mananger -- astro is quite popular -- and delete the contents of /mnt/sdcard/Downloads . the path may be different if your phone has large internal storage .
a short google search for " spmo file " reveals that these are " speedview meta object " files and speed up the display of images . they are probably some sort of cache file and should be automatically recreated if you delete them .
are you perhaps using the volume control and going all the way to the " bottom " ? that turns on silent mode in my droid . are you hitting the wrong option on the menu when you hit the power button ? i am not familiar with the lg ally , so i do not know if they might have added an extra feature to make it easy to get into silent mode . did you check the manual ?
instant upload is a feature of google+ , which uploads the photos you take with your camera to a private photo folder on google+ for easy sharing . this option allows you to enable/disable this feature , but it can also be controlled from other google apps like google+ and google settings . more info sync internet means syncing your browser history , bookmarks , form input data and other settings on chrome . this requires that you use the same google account on all instances of chrome that you want to sync . i am not certain if this feature syncs the data also to the stock browser , but it is possible .
there is a big chapter on that in andrew hoog 's android forensics book on that ( see this amazon list for available copies ) . unfortunately , that book does not come for free ( but from elsevier ; so prices range from ~usd 20 for the kindle edition to ~usd 50 for the print , with some crazy offers for ~usd 170+ as well ) , but it explains a lot of background not only interesting for forensik specialists . a german version of this book now is available for eur 35 , published by franzis ( which can be found e.g. on its german amazon page as well as on the publishers site , see this link ) . while the link to androiduserland given in a comment on the question contains a very rudimentary list , a better ( though also incomplete ) documentation can be found at robotz.com. as said , this is far from being complete , but better for understanding . i remember having seen another documentation at android . com -- some hints can be found there e.g. in the storage options ( check " internal storage " and " external storage " here ) . but a complete documentation of the file system hierarchy is missing here as well . so again , the most complete documentation known to me is hoog 's forensics book . german speakers might also be interested in taking a look into the chapter dateisysteme und datenstrukturen of my book " die androiden-toolbox " , which ( in this community edition ) is freely available in html , mobipocket and pdf versions here on my ebook server ( if you prefer a printed copy with a few more details , the ( extended ) franzis edition das inoffizielle android-systemhandbuch will be available end of this month , i.e. starting around the 26.11.2012 ) . disclosure : as said , i am the author of the second book mentioned . and , not yet mentioned , the translator for the german version of andrew hoog 's book . but that does not mean i hold back other sources here , of course .
based on this forum post , i would say yes . it would not make sense for it to support external harddrives without supporting simpler usb keys . as for specs , google returns many results . endgadget has an overview , with a link to more details .
you can try installing a different launcher app via the android market web interface . on your pc go to play store and sign in with the same google account as on your phone . find any home replacement app . click on the install button to send the app directly to your phone ( if you have several android devices you will need to select the phone . ) after a few minutes try unlocking your phone . it should ask you to select a launcher app , so pick the one you just installed , or the default one .
you can do either way . the safe method is to update and then root the phone . but you can also root and then install the ota update . but ota will fail if you have custom recovery modified any part of the system like removed bloat , xposed , etc still there is a post in xda to update ota with custom twrp recovery .
the issue is not with your device but with the wireless provider . that is the typical behavior when connecting to a defective hotspot , either over capacity or just a tad too far for a reliable connection . . . sadly there is nothing you can do about it . it happens a lot to bt hotspots in the uk , in london most of them are overloaded during working hours .
catch notes should accomplish this very well . they even have a widget that allows you to take a picture and go straight into their editor to comment and add notes . highly recommended . they also have a web counterpart which may make viewing/managing your notes easier . https://market.android.com/details?id=com.threebanana.notes
root is only required if you are installing a system app within the confines of the android os . if you can flash your own rom , you can bypass any restrictions that the os has , because you are able to do anything you want with a custom bootloader before the os has a chance to load and restrict things . if you are creating a custom rom ( off-topic for this site ) , you can edit the rom on a desktop and flash it to the phone . you could simply flash a file using a custom recovery ( such as twrp or clockworkmod ) . if you are on a stock phone with a locked bootloader , you could always root your phone temporarily , remount system as read-write , add the application , then remove root . as far as updates go , as long as the application in the system directory is signed by your key , you should be able to update it ( root not required ) . you will need a way to get updates out , though . you could post in the google play store , use a 3rd party store ( such as amazon app store or f-droid ) , or have the user download the app and side-load it . if you also wrote the app in question , you could probably program a way to self-update as well ( also off-topic for this site ) .
going by your description , you are referring to the object circled in this screenshot that thing indicates that the city the time is being shown for is currently running on daylight savings time . in this screenshot , we see that new york is observing daylight savings time , and phoenix is not .
the media scanner " indexes " the music , videos , images , etc on the sdcard so other apps do not have to scan the entire sdcard to know about them . another feature that uses this is the ringtones/notifications , if it does not scan , you will only be able to select the ringtones/notifications that are located on the device , not ones that are on the sdcard . you can prevent media scanner from indexing a specific folder by creating a file called " . nomedia " in the folder you want ignored . i do not believe that this file is recursive though , so if there are sub-folders , and you dont want them scanned , you would have to create it there too .
do not worry , you have a few options ! option one : ( i do not have an n7 anymore , so i do not remember if it supports adb push in twrp . but i think it does ) boot into twrp and use adb to push the file from your computer to your device . you can try to open a windows cmd prompt or linux terminal emulator , navigate to the local file , then do the following : adb push AOSP-4.3-JWR66V-grouper-rooted_Androguide.zip /sdcard/ this will push the file to the /sdcard/ directory - which should exist already ( even on a nexus device ) . option two : boot the device to fastboot/bootloader mode and flash any of the factory system images via the fastboot tool . because using fastboot can be intimidating . you could also use the nexus 7 toolkit to automate the process . this will put stock android back on your device , and will also remove twrp . fortunately , you can use the toolkit or fastboot to reinstall twrp immediately afterward .
from previous experience , rebooting the device should fix the issue .
try installing and messing with : gps info and gps test
google now is guessing , based on where and when you spend your time . if it is wrong , simply edit it . once manually set it will not guess anymore .
by menu , i am assuming you are referring to the app drawer . i do not know if the stock samsung launcher gives you the ability to hide apps , but several 3rd party launchers offer that functionality . apex and nova both give you the ability to hide and create custom app groups in the drawer . there are free versions of both in the market with each offering a paid version with expanded functionality .
version 1.0.7 is significantly larger than previous versions . even after moving to the sd card i am showing 14.5mb taking up system storage . that'll account for your 2mb reduction in space . google generally has not allowed for their apps to be moved to the sd card , presumably so they can be sure widgets will work or other performance considerations . however , since this version weighs in at over 24mb i guess their hand was forced .
am start -a android.intent.action.MAIN -c android.intent.category.HOME  more info about shell commands : an archived version of the androidwiki page
no , what matters for clarity is acuity , or the " number of pixels versus screen size versus viewing distance " . a 800x480 image shown on a 100" monitor seen 30 cm viewing distance would look awfully pixelated , while 480x320 screen on a 2" monitor seen at the same viewing distance would look very sharp . lg optimus s has a 480x320 pixels on a 3.2 inch screen ( i.e. . 2.66x1.78 inch screen ) . the pixel density of lg optimus s is ( 480/2.66 = 320/1.78 ) = 180 pixel per inch , iow the size of a single pixel is 1/180 inch . on a viewing distance of 20 cm ( the typical viewing distance for a phone ) , 180 pixel per inch translates to 0.04233 arcminute per pixels . for comparison , human eyes can resolve 0.3 arcminute in a good lighting condition . the extra resolution gives programs two options ; it can either use it to fit more stuff in the same area , or it could use higher resolution images and produce sharper display . home screens often do not do the first since it will make the icons smaller and more difficult to press , instead they calculate the amount of stuff to fit from the actual physical size of the screen instead of the resolution .
those instructions are bs . flash does not work on 2.1 . however , there are several devices that run flash lite ( it came on my galaxy s vibrant , for example ) . someone with flash lite tried that and thought they had real flash when really they just had lite , and it spread for a while before being debunked . just read the comments on that post . edit : according to lie ryan 's comment below , full flash is compiled for armv7 chips , and so will not work on other processors even with 2.2 . edit 2 : adobe now has a list of devices that run flash : http://www.adobe.com/flashplatform/certified_devices/
angry birds save data is stored to /data/data/com.rovio.angrybirds/files . i do not believe it is backed up to google . normally all that is backed up is your list of apps , certain settings , contacts , etc . so your wipe data would have erased it . i always use titanium backup to save my apps and their data . and when i do something risky like flash a beta rom that might wipe the phone storage , i back up titanium 's backup folder to my pc .
i have not actually researched this answer , so take it with a grain of salt . basing it off of other development work i have done with mp3s in the past . i do not think there would be any reason that android would limit an application from reading the embedded lyrics ( or , rather lyrics from the id3 tag ) . because the tag supports this , really all you would need is a java library that you can bring into your android app that will read the lyrics . with that said , the lyrics tag tends to be a little more in the " advanced support " for many applications . everybody reads the title and artist tags . most people will even display the album art ( which is also part of the id3 ) . i have not researched any recent libraries , but if you are curious about the id3 tag in general , read this id3 easy article . so , the short answer is : no , nothing is stopping anybody from supporting it other than library support . either a library does not exist , or nobody cares to utilize that feature within an android media player . hope that helps !
everything seems to be working fine now . even before the upgrade , it worked intermittently . but since the upgrade , it seems to be solid . running version 2.3.2 .
contact your hosted exchange provider to turn the push off . they are enforcing it . another way : turn your email notification off or set its ringtone ' silent ' . but , its inconvenient .
from command prompt you can enter the following command adb kill-server  and then try ejecting .
try actually pasting it . you could try the often-built-in memo app , gmail , email , or something like docs to go if you want to save it .
google offers a tutorial on how to delete auto backups on their support site : how to delete auto backups
from the homescreen hit the menu button and select Settings . then select Applications , and then Manage applications . find the app you want to uninstall and select it , then clear the data associated with it by tapping Clear data and then tap Uninstall . voila ! edit : i actually just noticed this in amazon 's official help documentation for their appstore ( from june 14th , 2011 ) : . . . amazon tested to ensure the highest quality apps in our catalog , we take all submissions through a series of tests . in this process we screen the apps for known viruses and malware , test the app to check that it actually does what it claims to do , and test whether the app affects the stability of the other functions of your phone . these tests include ( but are not limited to ) : installation : the application installs and opens , upgrades can be installed and the application can be uninstalled by following the phone 's regular uninstall method . . . . ( italics added by me . ) clearly they intentionally left out an amazon appstore-native method of removing apps you have downloaded and installed from them .
if you are able to connect an external bluetooth dongle to the android device , it ought to work for you , even with an intrnal bluetooth present . android devices with os v3.1 and above shall support usb host capabilities . so , it is advisable to experiment with devices with the above operating systems . however , it will be on your end to make the dongle work for you ; i.e. by creating a separate application for the same .
below is the output of " df -h -a " command on my nook color running cyanogenmod 7.0 rom ( 2.3.3 ) which gives you a break-down of the mounted partitions : out of 8 gigabytes of internal memory ~500 mb is reserved for the rom itself ( /rom and /system ) , ~1.5 gb is for app storage ( /data and /cache ) , 5 gb is for data storage ( /mnt/emmc ) and another ~500mb reserved for other miscellaneous android operations . you can also see my 8gb sd card mounted on /mnt/sdcard . keep in mind that these partitions can be ( and usually are ) remapped based on the needs of a given rom . in terms of your question regarding apps from the market , there are some limitations that mostly depend on the type and version of the rom you are planning to run . the biggest concern the screen resolution and lcd density . several apps , including the market itself ( vending . apk ) are quite picky about how well ( or even if ) they will work properly . most common side-effect is apps displaying in a tiny window instead of properly scaling . most can be fixed by disabling compatibility mode in spare parts , but some ( e . g . google reader ) will only function with a certain lcd density that could be in conflict with other apps . keep in mind that most of the custom roms for nook color are works in progress , so expect to see better compatibility with all apps going forward . also , if rumors of froyo ( 2.2 ) update for the official nook color firmware are true , we could see better performance once the official display/video/audio/etc . driver upgrades are rolled into custom roms .
to root a nook hd or hd+ you can use clockworkmod ( cwm ) recovery , a tool to install modifications to an android device . follow the instructions on this xda thread to create bootable micro sd from one the provided images . i used win32diskimager on a windows xp net-book with a built-in card-reader to burn a sd with the nookhd-bootable-cwm-6025-for-emmc-stock-small-rev2 . zip image . and i copied nookhd-hdplus-universal-root-rev1 . zip into it . once i could boot my nook from the cwm sd i made a backup and used " install zip from sd " to apply the nookhd-hdplus-universal-root-rev1 . zip more information and tips to be found at the xda thread
same issue on an htc desire ( android 2.3.3 ) i had a crazy scrolling when tapping a text input field ( the field get the focus but was scrolled out of the screen ) and even worst : when entering values from the native keypad , each keytap was creating an arbitrary scroll . . after seeing this article i looked for some specific -webkit-transform tags and after removing them the issue is gone ! the lines were not even used , it was leftovers from previous attempts staying aside in a css file ! ! !
being aware it is not a full fledged solution but rather a work-around ( it is still unclear what is causing the underlying issue ) , this answer sums up what we figured being a work-around at least : as the files/directories do not show up the usual way via " sharing the sdcard " , they can still be accessed by other means . one example is using adb : using adb pull files can be transfered from the device to the computer , and with adb push in the other direction . examples : adb pull /sdcard/Sounds/ E:\audio\phone would take the entire folder /sdcard/Sounds and save it as E:\audio\phone on the computer adb push E:\audio\phone /sdcard/Sounds/ for the opposite culprit : types of " source " and " target " must match . if " source " is a file , " target " must be a file as well : adb pull /sdcard/Sounds/some.mp3 E:\audio\phone would fail as the source is a file and the target a directory . other draw-backs can be worked around as well : if you prefer a graphical solution over playing at the command line , there are several good guis available , e.g. qtadb droid explorer ( by our member ryan conrad ) and several more . as a side-effect of installing adb , you have got a powerful tool ready which will certainly help you with many other things ! for getting adb to work without installing the full sdk , please refer to is there a minimal installation of adb ? more adb related information can be found via our adb tag and its tag-wiki . alternatives include several " wifi file managers " , which are too many to be listed here . so if you rather want a " simple app installed " on your android device , and then do everything with your browser , you might wish to take a look at the following lists : manage your android device from your computer ftp server various file servers
the partition you want to write to is called boot , not bootloader , so the correct command is fastboot flash boot boot.img 
according to their dev blog , the appstore does download a small token for drm'd apps which it uses to validate them at launch : how can you verify that the user has an entitlement to the app without internet access ? during the installation process for an app , the amazon appstore client downloads a small token that grants the user the right to access the application . a valid token permits the user that purchased the app to access their app offline . the amazon appstore client will periodically communicate with amazon servers to refresh the token . my guess as to why you see the error is that the token is either out of date or just got corrupted somehow ( bug in the appstore maybe ) . re-downloading probably refreshes the token since it is originally retrieved at install time , but it sounds like you may also be able to clear the appstore data and sign in to get a valid token , or possibly just launch the appstore and let it connect/refresh itself ( have not tried these myself as i have not had this error yet ) .
according to the information wormed out by the comments , the culprit seems to lie in the way the files have been transfered – as the transfer method chosen obviously did not trigger the media scanner . explanation : most media players rely on the media database ( a sqlite database ) to find available tracks , as a simple database query is both faster and less battery consuming than scanning all available storage . hence the latter is left to a single app , the so-called media scanner . once triggered , it scans all available storage and feeds its finds to the sqlite database . this media scanner is triggered by different events : following a device boot ( boot_completed ) , mounting a storage ( e . g . putting in a sdcard ) , and unmounting from usb mass storage are some examples . so if the files were copied e.g. via some wifi app , and the media scanner had not explicitly been triggered , those players will not find the new files . work arounds you can assume from the explanation : umount/mount the sdcard , or reboot the device . both not really elegant . alternatively , check the playstore for some helpers like sdrescan , media scanner , or rescan media , which are simply triggering the media scanner when you tap their widgets .
it turned out , that when i set system language to russian , smart dialer adds russian letters . i used morelocale2 to add russian system language . and i had to use the " pm grant " trick to make morelocale2 work .
the amount of ram is not the main factor that determines how smoothly a game runs . the other items on the spec sheet are just as important : what model of cpu it has ( arm 11 , cortex-a8 , cortex-a9 , cortex-a15 , and c ) how many cpu cores there are ( some games benefit more from having multiple cores than others ) what clock speed the cpu runs at ( measured in ghz ) what model of gpu it has ( e . g mali-400mp4 ) what clock speed the gpu runs at ( measured in ghz ) and there are many other important factors you probably will not find written down anywhere , such as the clock speed of the ram , what kind of memory controller it has , and the size of the cpu and gpu caches . the software makes a big difference too : for example , if the power management driver ( supplied by the manufacturer ) is inefficient , the cpu and gpu may spend most of their time running more slowly than the rated clock speed . in addition , the pixel size of the display makes a big difference . for example , if you made a tablet with the exact same hardware as a nexus 7 but a 1080p display instead of a 720p display , you had find many games would run much slower on this device , simply because there are more than twice as many pixels to process and store in memory . one of the reasons that unbranded devices are so cheap is that the manufacturers often invest in the ' headline ' specs , but then skimp on the other components , or use inefficient software . for example , it is commonplace to use a gpu that looks good on paper , but cripple it by only giving it a very slow connection to the device 's ram , through a cheap memory controller . the only way you can really tell how smooth your games will run is by measuring on the device : ideally with the game you are interested in , but more commonly using a benchmark such as glbenchmark that represents an ' average ' game . that is why review sites like to include benchmark figures as a big part of the review of a new device .
just figured this one out having had the same problem myself ( htc desire hd , android 2.2 ) . . . . from the " all messages " view , press the menu button . a " drafts " icon appears ( a floppy disk icon ) - press that , and it takes you to a view of all your drafts . press and hold a draft message to view/delete or press the menu button again and select delete drafts to go to a view where you can bulk mark the drafts you want to delete . hope that helps !
if your device is rooted/unlocked , and you already use a custom recovery ( like clockworkmod or twrp ) , there is no need to downgrade first . flashing the custom-rom will either replace the complete system , regardless of the installed version : usually , the images contain complete " disk images " for all relevant partitions . if , on the other hand , your device is not rooted , and there does not exist any rooting solution for the currently installed android version , but only for ics : then yes , you might need to downgrade so you can gain root access to your device , and flash a custom recovery . on some devices it might be sufficient to simply unlock the bootloader in order to install a custom recovery or flash a custom rom . if that applies to your device , i must leave for someone else to answer .
no . there is no auto off-road mode in opera . my suggestion is that you keep both opera for android and opera mini on your device . when you are on mobile data , use opera mini . else , use opera for android with off-road mode off .
since you do have working fastboot access , you have a few options from there : you can . . . get a custom recovery like twrp . then run fastboot flash recovery /path/to/twrp.img . with twrp , you can to try to reinstall roms , do factory resets , and make backups of your current system ( which may be a good idea , even if it is bricked ) . do a factory reset with fastboot format data and fastboot format cache . try to install stock android ( keeping data ) from the factory images by running included flash-base.sh , included in the image download . if all else fails , you can unbrick it by running the flash-all.sh - which will essentially reset it to a like-new state , with the stock os and no data . if you wind up doing a factory reset after all , you can use titanium backup to extract the apps and settings from the twrp backups .
if you do not mind paying a few bucks , i highly recommend tasker . this automation utility allows you to set up many built-in ( and some 3rd-party app ) android actions based on various parameters , including time of day . in tasker you will need to create 2 separate profiles , and to each add 2 actions . 1st action will be identical in both profiles - disabling the auto brightness . second one will be similar - a time-based action to change the display brightness , with time of day and brightness level being the differences . start tasker and tap the + button on the bottom o the main screen to create a new profile . give it a descriptive name , such as " brightness down " for example . choose the " time " context on the presented menu . for the " from:" option select the time of day you wish to have brightness lowered . un-check the " to:" option , and tap the green " accept " button . on the " task selection " dialog tap the " new task " button and name it " lower screen brightness " and tap the " accept " button . tap the "+" button to add an action , select " display " category , select the " auto brightness " action , select the " off " option on the " set " drop-down , and press the green " accept " button . tap the "+" button to add another action , select " display " category , elect the " display brightness " action , set the desirable low level ( 20 being the lowest recommended setting ) , ensure that both " ignore current level " and " immediate effect " options are checked , and tap the green " accept " button . tap the green " accept " button on the " task edit / . . . " screen . on the main screen tap the " brightness down " profile once , then tap on its wrench button , and select the " clone " option . tap the newly-cloned profile , tap its wrench button , select the " rename " option and name it " brightness up " . tap on the clock icon , select the " edit " option , change the " from:" time to the time of day when you had like brightness increased , and tap the green " accept " button . now tap on the task itself ( name you gave it in step 5 ) , select " rename " option , name it " increase screen brightness " , and tap the green " accept " button . tap the task again , and select the " edit " option . tap on the " display brightness " action , set the level to a higher setting , and tap the green " accept " button . tap the green " accept " button on the " task edit / . . . " screen . ensure that on the main screen , the button on bottom-right reads " on " , and exit the tasker app . you should now be all set .
well , nobody seemed to be able to answer this question , so i went ahead and applied the update . overall , i am glad i did . i have not noticed any significant change in performance . i could take or leave most of the ui changes included in touchwiz , but there are a few things in the new ui that are very nice . one is that toggles for things like bluetooth , wifi , and auto-rotation are now immediately accessible in the notifications pop-up when you touch the notification tray . another nice thing is a dedicated screenshot button that appears next to the regular android buttons in the control bar at the bottom . press it at any time for an instant screenshot . i have not noticed that any features have been disabled . i do not have a 3g-capable tablet , so i do not know if the " portable wi-fi hotspot " functionality would be affected by the update . but everything else i have tried functions as it did before . also , an unexpected bonus to the upgrade is that samsung released a bunch of new apps bundled with the new ui , some of which are very useful . the ebooks app especially is nice for me , it reads epub and pdf files , and it formats epubs better and performs faster than some of the other apps i have tried ( like fbreader ) . there is also an app for making adjustments to photos , and a few others that i have not really used . the new touchwiz ui also includes a handful of mini-apps that can be launched from the android control bar at any time . these apps appear in small windows that float over whatever other apps you are running , and they can be moved around . none of these apps are really awesome , but some are useful . for example , you can bring up a mini-view of your calendar , a small music player , or a note pad you can type into or draw on , without leaving the app you were using before . it is kind of a neat idea , although i am glad this is not a standard android feature or there would be way too many apps written this way , and android would lose a lot of its ease-of-use .
make sure you downloaded the google apis corresponding to your api level in the sdk manager and that you set your avd 's target on google apis . this version of the api is needed for the calendarprovider ( for sync functions with google i imagine ) .
from the email app , press the menu key , then choose settings . pick account settings , then click the account you want to change on the next screen . after that , you have to scroll to the bottom to get more settings , and to the bottom again to change the incoming settings and outgoing settings . samsung appears to have taken lessons from microsoft on hiding important settings behind " advanced " buttons !
setting the status and navigation bars to have the transparent gradient is handled by applications/launchers themselves in stock 4.4 . some apps and launchers provide a setting to turn the gradients on and off . the aosp launcher always uses opaque bars , google now launcher always uses transparent bars , and certain 3rd party launchers such as nova give you a toggle . regardless of the launcher 's setting , apps can and will override it .
you can that following these steps : select the image ( s ) you want to upload click on " copy " , it is in the lower bar , at left in another tab , open the folder where you want to upload your image ( s ) click on the clipoard icon at left click on " paste all "
according to the gingerbread user guide , under settings -> wireless and networks , you should have an nfc option that you can remove the tick from to turn this on or off .
i do not know if archos have modified the music player at all , but on most android devices and players , the most reliable way to ensure that all your music shows its album art in the player is to embed the album art directly in the mp3 file , rather than relying on a " folder.jpg " or a " albumart.jpg " being in the folder . as far as i know most music selling websites embed the album art directly in the file , and a lot of popular cd ripping software does too these days , so it is probably only your older files , or ones you have got from elsewhere that do not have the art embedded in the file . i use a windows program called mp3tag to embed the album art directly into the file amongst other things , but there is lots of other software that will do this , see these answers on our superuser sister site for some suggestions : what is the easiest way to update album art ? , or bulk fix album artwork in itunes library for display
the only tethering methods currently supported on blackberry services are via usb and bluetooth , and even then the only supported method relies on the blackberry desktop software . they do not currently support any wifi tethering or wifi hotspot functionality . i am not aware of any third party software for wifi tethering either , unfortunately . now if you had a froyo android phone you had have no problem :- )
the app has to support moving to the sd card . the feature should be in android 2.2+ . your phone does not have to be rooted in order to do it .
yes , google is in charge of the android market .
you can indeed . disclaimer : rooting may brick your device and invalidate your carrier and manufacturer warranty . i did not write the guide below ( full credit is due to the poster on xda developers , and i have left the words ' my ' in place but it is his work ) , and it is your responsibility to check you are happy to proceed . here be dragons . this guide was written in july of 2013 and i can not say for sure if it will work on android 4.3 and your particular bootloader at all . i have not tested this method . rooting form a pc is easier and has less scope for human errors and is liklier to work in general . this xda thread is relating to the sprint version but should apply to the s3 general . prerequisites the following files are attached to this post for convenience . download and install the apps , download and extract the zip file somewhere convenient . superuser by koush ( must be this one . you can change it later if you so desire . ) terminal emulator by jack palevich ( must be this one ) zip file , extracted somewhere convenient the goods these generic names will be used : /path/to/motochopperdir - this is the full path to the extracted motochopper-mobile directory or folder . example : /sdcard/motochopper-mobile ( will vary depending on where you extracted the files ) . note : after running the script , motochopper may or may not print " failed " , but the exploit does indeed work regardless of this . make sure you reboot for changes to take effect . download the attached zip file and both apps . install terminal emulator and superuser ( use a file manager , navigate to the downloaded . apk files and click on each file to install them ) . open up terminal emulator and type the following commands . press the enter key after each command . code : from there , my setup . sh script will handle the rest of the process . if you are still unsure , see my sample run below . sample run ( files were extracted to /sdcard/moto ) the links : android term . apk super user motochopper
i just did this , and it works . go into Settings &gt; Applications &gt; Manage applications &gt; All &gt; Market then clear data , and cache . i had to reboot the phone after . but once it reboots , go into the market , and the music section should be there .
[SMS/MMS/APN] Dialer Storage 2.2 .
video rendering , which would have to happen even if the application is not " active " but still playing , is going to use a lot more battery then " normal usage " . so if you are not " watching " the video , it stops in order to not waste precious battery power .
this should not delete the os . looks to just be a small update file .
i have rooted my sgs with z4root and it was a very smooth process ! i can highly recommend z4root ! and while you are at it , continue with installing one click lag fix to make your sgs lag a lot less ! i did it , and have not looked back since . oclf is made by the same guy who made z4root , but for some weird reason , oclf can , by itself , only root pre-froyo phones . but that is not a big problem , you just need 2 apps instead of one : )
just rename the folders with dot in front . eg : newfolder to .newfolder and restart the phone .
i have heard from various sources that facebook ( and other companies , frankly ) do track geo-locations for various purposes , the first and foremost being that they want to serve you ads that you usually see around the web . i have also seen that they really do snoop around a lot ( on all of your devices , and yes , even without an account ) , so geo-locations are probably just the tip of the iceberg . you might want to check your privacy settings for facebook just to see what data is being collected . if you are tired of facebook eating up the storage on your mom 's phone , uninstalling should take care of that . of course , if you want your mom to be out of facebook 's peering eyes , good luck , because you really can never escape facebook trackers unless you suspend yourself from technology . hope this helped .
according to this thread on blenderartists , sensor size is 4.54 × 3.42 mm and focal length is 3.7mm , which gives a crop factor of 7.7 and a 35mm-equiv . focal length of 28.5 mm . be careful to check if the video is cropped in comparison to the still images , reducing the effective sensor size .
no , there does not appear to be a way to clear the notifications short of visiting the item so it is no longer new . the android facebook app has a lot of deficits . it is still head-and-shoulders better than the previous version , though .
as a power-saving strategy , radio chipsets can sleep -- meaning they stop actively listening for a wi-fi network to connect to -- when they are out of range of any network , and will wake up to search for a network once every few minutes . it may simply be that the radio on your android is doing this , and that you have not waited long enough for it to wake up once you come back in range of a wi-fi network . a quick search tells me there is a powersave disabled setting in the wi-fi settings on the archos that might help .
odin is samsung-only , you are right . ( and as far as i know it is not for all samsung phones either , though i could be wrong on that . ) since heimdall is , as far as i know , just an unofficial port of odin i would assume it is the same , but i have never used it . odin3 has a " dump " function that i had never used . it seems to be disabled in v1.8x and v1.7 , but not in v1.52 . i just tried it in v1.52 and it did not work . you hit the dump checkmark under Option , select an output file via the dump button under File [Dump] , then hit start . odin will say " onenand dump start " or similar as it backs up the device . it only backed up 1 kb of something before halting , though . odin just sat there without giving an error message . you might have different results with a different device ( i have a vibrant ) . i am also wondering whether my ext4 lagfix might be affecting this . perhaps later i will flash to stock 2.1 and try again . edit : no change on stock 2.1 jfd .
i finally figured out how to fix this . what i did i did a double factory reset : nothing happened . downgraded to android 4.2.2: nothing happened . downgraded to android 4.1.2: nothing happened . upgraded to android 4.3: nothing happened . factory reset : gallery appeared ! upgraded to android 4.4.2: gallery did not disappear !
boat browser has a floating tab feature that can minimize to the notification bar ( pulldown menu ) . you can also resize this window . it is the closest i can recommend . boat browser ( click for larger image )
the answer to this question is that no , neither android nor my carrier are arbitrarily blocking traffic on high-numbered ports . the problem is that i had forgotten how paranoid i am about security and that , in addition to making ssh listen on a non-standard port , i had also created an iptables rule to only allow connections to that port from my home ip address and my work ip address . obviously i was using a different ip address when attempting to connect via my phone , hence the failure to connect . ( and i probably did not look hard enough when prompted by @izzy to check server logs , because i am sure there is a record of the blocked connection attempt in there somewhere ) . d'oh . . . my apologies for wasting people 's time , but in case anybody else thinks they have a problem with android or their carrier arbitrarily blocking ports , hopefully this answer will prompt them to triple check everything about their connection , including their server firewall , before they go off logging tickets .
any music you purchase via google play store or upload via google music manager application is tied to whichever google account you selected within the app under Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Google Play account . starting with android 2.2 ( a . k.a. froyo ) you can add multiple google accounts on android devices ( phones , tablets , google tvs , etc . ) therefore if your relatives ' handset/tablet supports multiple google accounts , you can add your own account under Settings -&gt; Accounts &amp; sync on their device , and then within their play music app 's settings you should be able to change the account to yours . the music should then be available on their device to stream/download .
i downloaded a free app called timezone changer to fix this problem . still do not understand why samsung disables this .
the game 's creators did not take right precautions for the version of android i have and it ran into some issues . unfortunately , it is not recoverable with format ; the problem is not obvious at first sight though .
without root : no , for security reasons this command is only accessible for the superuser . standard firmware , rooted : yes , if the partition you like to remount is not in a locked flash region ( htc calls that s-on/s-off )
your mention of ' reset ' is a little unclear , if it is : you did a reboot and it is still broken : it might be broken settings , but that is not easy to debug and fix manually backup via recovery first ! do a wipe dalvik cache via recovery else , reinstall your current rom and google apps , maybe this helps see what adb logcat outputs during boot/runtime , maybe this sheds some light ( hacky , via adb shell ) you can also forcibly rename /system/app/phone . apk to phone . apk . off and reboot , then do a backup of all needed stuff and then reinstall your rom and gapps if all that does not help , consider wiping . titanium backup pro allows extracting backups from your saved nandroid dump ( from step 1 ) fully wiped and still not better : has to be something different than settings , either a faulty rom or a hardware issue backup via recovery first ! install cm7.2 ( see last sentence ) , wipe cache and dalvik cache via recovery ps : cm7.2 is out since june 16 , 2012 .
i have not seen this particular issue before , but kevin purdy 's " holy trinity " of steps to take with apps that just are not working properly is : from settings | applications | manage applications | &lt ; application&gt ; force stop if that does not help clear cache if that does not help clear data and if that still does not help , try the nuclear option : uninstall and re-install
there is a bluetooth connect and play app that can intercept the incoming " play " command . while it was originally designed to let you start a specific music app playing when a specific bluetooth device connects , you can instead select " stop music from playing " to keep any app from starting when the car connects .
always the way , innit ? 5 minutes after i ask , i stumble across this . it is not super elegant but its success is in its simplicity . simply replace the dedicated /cache partition with a link to the internal sd card , and bob 's your uncle . has to be repeated on reboot , so not perfect , but way better than not installing at all !
summing up the solution from the comments and expanding : this process basically includes two steps : create a backup transfer it to the windows pc wirelessly a further pre-condition for the following is that the device is rooted , which is the case here . create the backup depending on what you need to backup , there are different good solutions available ( you can see the backup tag-wiki for more information ) : with a custom recovery such as clockworkmod , you can create a nandroid backup helium - app sync and backup can be used to create an adb style backup of all your apps including their settings titanium backup does backups of all your apps , data , settings , etc . , and has proven well over all the years all three options store their backups on the sdcard . so if your device features a microsd slot , you could even simply take out the card , and attach it to your pc using a card reader . this generally works without a cable , and such could also count as " wireless " : ) one thing you might need to care for manually are the media files , and other downloaded/manually created stuff . usually , this is stored on the sdcard as well – but that could be the internal one , so in case of the " card-reader option " you might need to copy stuff to the external card manually , which can be done with a good file manager such as es file explorer . transfer via wifi now for the wifi transfer . this can be done with the just mentioned es file explorer , which includes a " samba client " to access windows shares : just share a drive from your computer , and then copy all files over . this also can be done " the other way round " , pulling the files : with e.g. airdroid you can access your device from any web browser . airdroid includes a file manager , and lets you upload and download files . another more elegant variant , especially if you want to automate things , is to use a sync tool . here you might want to take a look at foldersync : as the name suggests , this app lets you synchronizes files and folders . like with es file explorer , you can use samba/cifs here to access a windows share . elegant permanent solution : set up scheduled backups with titanium backup , and set up a matching sync interval for tibu 's backup directory with foldersync . that way you always have an up-to-date backup off-board your device , in case of brick/loss/whatever .
developers can choose to target specific devices or not . presumably these apps are either limited to devices that are known to work , or have blacklisted the galaxy player due to incompatibility . another option is that some apps might be available only while connected to a cell network or a particular cell network . there are some at and t apps that are only available to those on at and t , for example , and i imagine this might be more broadly the case . here are some workarounds : get the app via another ( legitimate ) means , possibly the developer 's site or another app market . use an app like marketenabler ( requires root ) to fake a different network . edit your /system/build.prop file to report your device as a different device . only edit the device name and versions and so on , not other settings , or your device may stop working ! you should be able to google the various fields for other devices and see what to use if you want to mimic one . note that doing 2 or 3 in order to circumvent distribution controls may not be legal in your region . the onus is on you to ensure you are acting legally . i am not a lawyer and this is not legal advice . etc .
you have different options here : scp : as dan already pointed out , android soesn't ship with any ssh server by default . this means , to use scp as described in your question , you will first have to install an ssh server app on your device . ftp : other than you are assuming in your question , ftp can be scripted . but that might not come as easy as a simple scp command . and like with ssh , you first will need to install an ftp server app on your device as well . important note : many ftp clients/connections default to ascii transfer mode . if you want to copy binary ( basically : non-text ) files like images , audio/video , etc . , make sure you are in binary mode ( when using the command-line , that can be done by issuing the bin command ) . otherwise you might get " broken files " on the receiving end . adb : this is an option android even ships with , but by default bound to an usb connection . you had just need to enable usb debugging in developer settings , connect your device via usb , and then can use commands like adb push or adb pull to put files on your device or retrieve them from there . as you prefer doing that via wifi , there are several apps providing this as well . there might be additional possiblities , but the three mentioned above are the most used .
not in the general case , no . it is possible to send an intent to start an activity or service ( or broadcast an intent to receivers ) using the am tool from the android shell ( and therefore from a pc using adb shell ) . what you can do that way depends on what intent filters the app 's developer has chosen to offer , and in most apps it does not include actions like deleting individual data items . an alternative approach is the monkeyrunner tool . this is a testing tool , and it lets you write a python script to send input events ( and the like ) via adb to an app running on your device . however , because it is designed for testing your own app , it is very limited in what it can do . to send a touch event , you have to program in the exact x and y co-ordinates that you want to touch : it can not record input and play it back later , like a general macro tool .
i am pretty certain the wifi drains more when scanning than when actively connected to a network . so when you are not going to use wifi , it is better to turn it off and use cell network ( which you will be using anyways while not actively connected to a wifi ) .
well without some specialized program , there is always dmesg . turn on wifi , then run dmesg in a terminal/adb shell/connectbot . towards the end of the file you will see debug statements about your wireless . dmesg | grep -i lan can be useful if you have busybox installed . i get lines like this : TIWLAN: 1251 PG 1.2 tiwlan0: no IPv6 routers present  the first one is not interesting on its own , but the second one screams " network adapter " due to driver naming convention for network adapters . " tiwlan0" is closer to openbsd 's naming convention than linux 's ( linux native drivers would just call it wlan0 ) but . . . not unexpected . a few web searches later - and yep , it is a ti wireless chip .
the icon that is displayed on the action bar is called a favicon . it is a low resolution ( usually 16x16 ) icon made to be displayed next to the name in a bookmark bar . android understandably does not use this as it would look hideous on your homescreen . for a website 's icon to show up they need to add another icon : the apple-touch-icon . this one was meant to be used as an icon on the homescreen . originally for idevices , but android adapted it . unfortunately i am not aware of a way to add an icon yourself if the site does not supply it .
it is just an updated version of the music app ( new , fancy ui ) , supposedly ready for full google music cloud , for when it comes to the uk . i was unable to view the details in the market like yourself , but i could actually do the update . nexus s on 2.3.4 too . did you by any chance get an update notification for google books too ?
updating is sufficient . i think clear is for cases where you are offline and can not update .
first , look at which apps are runnng ( including services ) . then use titanium backup to freeze on of those apps ( exclude regular system apps/services , unless you have determined nothing else is the culprit ) and see if your problem stops . if you have not found the offender , un-freeze and try another .
have you tried a file explorer like es file explorer or my files , which comes with later versions of android ? if go to the download folder is the half file present ? a completely downloaded file will present a long list of options if you long press the file , allowing you to cut/copy/rename/delete . possibly it will also appear on a halfway complete download to allow you to delete . then revisit the gmail message to restart the download if you want . remember that the target folder might have been specified other than the download folder . good luck .
( edit ) this answer is only really helpful for unlocked tablets . . look after this paragraph if that is already the case . otherwise read on . " fastboot oem unlock " also does a factory reset , you need to have it unlocked before you need it , alas . this is both good for privacy and bad for recovery from half-bricked devices . . . the factory reset does in fact a secure erase which nullifies all your data . according to android : building for devices : $ fastboot oem unlock the procedure must be confirmed on-screen , and deletes the user data for privacy reasons . it only needs to be run once . ( end edit ) you can boot a temporary custom recovery and create a backup of your device . it should also be possible to wipe it afterwards and recover from your problem without having to send it back at all ( provided it is not a hardware issue ) . steps : install the sdk ( if not already done ) and have working adb + fastboot executables ready download a cwm recovery image from here unlock your nexus 7 's bootloader : fastboot oem unlock here 's how to enter the fastboot mode ( the nexus 7 's codename is grouper ) : press power for a second , and press volume down when the bootloader logo appears boot into a temporary cwm recovery : fastboot boot recovery-clockwork-6.0.1.0-grouper.img create a nandroid/cwm backup from your broken installation ( backup and restore-> backup ) after the backup is complete , try to pull all data from your device : adb shell mount ( should list something like /dev/block/mmcblk0p1 on /sdcard or so ( not really sure however ) adb pull /sdcard backup/ ( replace /sdcard with the above noticed directory , this should extract all your data to backup/ ) check if everything is transmitted correctly ) you can buy titaniumbackup+prokey afterwards ( it allows extracting data from nandroid backups quite easily ) if that fails you can alternatively leech everything manually with adb : i assume you use linux . . final step : if you are really sure that you got all your data back , boot back into the cwm recovery ( see step above ) and issue a wipe data/factory reset command . then reboot and re-setup your tablet ( hopefully you do not have a hardware issue ) . optional step : relock your bootloader via fastboot oem lock
since android does not really have control or alt , you might be able to get a virtual keyboard with them but i very much doubt there is a device with them on a physical keyboard . your best bet is a shell with support for these keys . terminal emulator does ctrl+key by holding volume down and pressing the key , for example .
afaik , android market shows the list of installed apps in chronological order . so the latest app you have installed should be on the top ( first ) of the list . the app that was installed before this - should be the second .
i have had this problem with previous ota updates on my htc . the problem i ran into is that my phone did not have enough " space " for the update to actually install gracefully . the bigger problem is that there are many different places the phone can run out of " space " . i ended up booting into the recovery to wipe the cache partition ( for some details see &quot ; low on space&quot ; warning with over 50% free ) . i also ended up wiping the app cache and data on a number of apps ( including the launcher -- lost all my icons , gmail , maps , etc ) to reduce " space " used until the update installed . i do not recall what exactly pushed the install over the edge and made it go , but it was painful enough that i am not bothering with the latest update ( its just a point release , despite the version number they are showing you its not an ics update ) .
go to settings > developer options and change window animation and transition animation to 1x for the default or 0 for the speediest ui response
i do not think it is possible to add a shortcut to the " add reminder " card at the moment . i have had a look through the activities as well and none of them appear to do what you want . there is a " set reminder " option in the menu within google now which may help ? click the three dots at the bottom right ( you might need to scroll down ) and you should see the " set reminder " option .
the before and after screenshots of the about screen confirm that i had the exact same android , baseband , and kernel versions , as well as the same build number actually , they do not . the first screenshot shows a build number of jwr66 v , and the second is jwr66 y . an official changelog has not been released , but t-mobile 's documentation indicates that the update contains " security " updates . you can also find some ( unofficial ) discussion of the actual code commits in this article . so although the version number was not incremented , it is a different build than you previously had .
xda has nothing except for some attempts at getting gingerbread on it . i would expect you are out of luck since honeycomb was not open-source , and porting was therefore very difficult . it is possible that someone will mod cm9 ( android 4.0 ) to run on it , so i would wait and see .
i had a problem with a secondary calendar which sounds similar . on edit the time zone changed . i went into the calendar and made sure all of them were set to my time zone . each calendar has changeable time zone on google calendars .
i am not 100% sure for all apps involved , but for most the " general rule of thumbs " applies : go to settings→apps select the " all " tab ( to also show pre-installed apps ) walk the apps one-by-one , open their entries , and select " clear cache " plus " delete data " especially exclude things like " google play services " , but include the " calendar provider " and " contacts provider " ( or similar named entries ) . it is a good idea to first make a backup ( just in case ) , and also to keep log of what you cleared . the former in case you hit one app too much , the latter in case you need to perform a factory-reset one day – as after that , sync would be automatically enabled by default , and you can only disable it after having finished the wizard and re-created your account – so all calendars , contacts , etc . would be back .
it is not possible to get it in english . you will always get the text as it is " locally " . it is also a known annoyance .
the total of all the usage should always approximate 100% . that android ( the core ) is responsible for 79% of the entire drain is not anything to worry about , it just says that not much else was drawing power .
a permanently unlocked boot loader ( bl ) on a nexus device is a big security risk . it is only recommended for a pure developer phone . an insecure bl enables all sorts of fastboot commands that can be used for e.g. doing the following : conduct a cold boot attack to recover the key for android 's full disk encryption make a copy of the device e.g. by booting a custom image ( adb boot boot . img ) , then copying partition dumps erase data using fastboot erase flash arbitrary android firmware , recovery images or radio firmware fastboot flash radio|recovery|boot| . . . install a root kit ( boot custom recovery , then modify system files ) steal google/facebook/whatever accounts stored on the phone etc . in case someone has their device encrypted , full access is not immediately possible . however there exists cracking software to brute force the used encryption pin/passphrase . altering the firmware is always possible ( i.e. . an evil maid attack , aka . installing a rootkit/password logger/etc . ) this is the normal process of modding a nexus device : unlock the bootloader ( fastboot oem unlock ) boot/install insecure/open custom recovery install custom firmware to secure your modded device you should do this afterwards : install a safe recovery image again ( custom recoveries like twrp/cwm are unsafe ) use the extracted recovery . img from google 's factory firmware file , available here relock the bootloader ( fastboot oem lock ) this breaks the usual update mechanisms like rommanager . in case you need to upgrade , you can run flash_image recovery recovery . img ( as root on the regular android os , it bypasses the bl lock ) to install a temporary custom recovery again and use this once to upgrade the firmware and then remove the custom recovery again by doing a flash_image recovery stock . img . i know , this is not very user friendly right now , but let 's hope the situation improves at the custom recovery front . some background on what is possible : http://hak5.org/episodes/hak5-1205 and http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=um2_cpuzq0o
there are many roms available for the desire based on stock android / the open souce project . i currently run cyanogen 's rom on my desire , but i have also used opendesire and many others . take a look on the xda forums . there is no ' official ' stock rom for the desire , because no one is selling in without the htc rom , but opendesire is as close to the open source project as you are likely to get , where as cyanogen 's rom is more feature packed ! you will of course need to root your phone to install custom roms . this is easily done on the desire using unrevoked .
like on any os , although the app code itself is isolated in its own process container , it is possible for the app to trigger problems in the os itself or in the hardware . for example , if the crash you are seeing is caused by a hardware problem such as a damaged heatsink , then any heavy workload will make the hardware fail , and there is not much the os can do to stop that . the least reliable part of most operating systems is the drivers , so if there is a bug in ( say ) the gpu driver , that could make the kernel hang regardless of which process caused the situation that triggered the bug .
go to Settings -&gt; Security -&gt; Screen lock , enter the pin once more and select Slide ( or what ever you had before ) .
i figured it out myself . here 's how i fixed it : as it turns out , the message that says " too many unsent multimedia messages " actually means that there are too many unset multimedia messages ( who would have thought it ! ) . i went into the stock message client ( the one that came with the phone ) , clicked the menu button , and selected the " unsent " menu tab . then i clicked the menu button again , and selected the " delete " tab . then i just deleted all of the unsent messages . now it works fine . not sure why there was a limit on how many unsent messages there could be , and i am still not sure why it worked with the stock client , and handcent , but not go sms , but , now it works !
there is two ways of doing this : the intents used can be searched throughout the entire source of cm available on github , notably frameworks/base/core/res/AndroidManifest.xml and general grep ping of the source . adb shell dumpsys | grep "Action: \"android.intent.action" the second option is the easiest - from aosp here 's a list of the intents . . . the mileage will vary slightly with cm as that would have extras or omissions :
you can try forcing your device to ask for a free download slot : settings > apps > all find google service framework in the list , tap on it first tap clear data , then force stop after this procedure the last checked date under settings > about phone > system update should have been reset to 1970 or so . tap the check now button there and see if the update notification pops up now . if this fails even after multiple tries , you can follow a slightly longer procedure described in this post , which involves taking out the sim card . apart from that , you could just wait ( you will definitely get the update with your current config ) or flash it manually .
you can add widgets to your home screen if your phone supports . you can also try widgets from play store like 2g-3g switch data on or off
it is unlikely that any twitter app offers a way to do this . in general , intents are used to start an action that requires user interaction to complete , or at the very least ask you for confirmation . if an app offered a way to send a tweet automatically via an intent , it would also have to require the app sending the intent ( llama in this case ) to have a permission created by the app handling the intent ( the twitter app ) . otherwise , any app on the phone could send tweets without your knowledge or permission . llama would have to be written to ask for this permission , and since it is not , it would not be allowed to send the intent anyway . alternatively , it would be possible for the twitter app to offer such an intent , but ignore the intent unless it was sent by llama ( or better yet , using a configurable list of allowed apps ) . this is how many apps ' tasker integrations work . since this is a pretty niche need , i do not know whether you had be able to find an app that works this way . you might find that there is an app written this way specifically to act as a llama plugin .
it is possible that maybe your parents ( or your friends ) searched for it , or +1d it , or checked into it , and they are in your circles ! google regularly gives you suggestions based on what people in your circles like . take a look at http://www.google.com/policies/terms/changes/ feedback from people you know can save you time and improve results for you and your friends across all google services , including search , maps , play and in advertising . for example , your friends might see that you rated an album 4 stars on the band’s google play page . and the +1 you gave your favorite local bakery could be included in an ad that the bakery runs through google . we call these recommendations shared endorsements and you can learn more about them here . hope i helped !
will i be able to get ota updates if i install this ? csc of XSA or VUA works for australia . as long as it is stock rom , you should be able to get ota update . if it does not work , try to update via kies on your pc . i have read that it might have problems if the modem and csc do not match up . it is ok for modem and csc to be different , but csc must be correct if you want ota updates .
youtube now has updated their player and to jump to small area , there is now a popup slider for us to pick the point .
download mode is for flashing radio firmware/rom upgrade through official means . some devices uses u-boot over the generic boot , it is a boot-loader code found in read-only rom chip on the board , which uses a certain memory address offset , in which the kernel from the /boot partition gets loaded into that specific certain memory address offset and jumps into that address and the kernel starts running . for details of the generic lk boot which is employed by most , if not all , qualcomm based devices , see this as for download mode , for example odin is commonly used on samsung devices to flash roms , those devices needs to be in download mode prior to flashing . however , odin is not the official way to do it , rather kies , is the official route in upgrading the firmware , this is for samsung devices for example .
those instructions sound incomplete . you need to press the Menu button on the wi-fi settings screen . Advanced will be in the menu .
the root permission exists inside the recovery , but not in the normal system , you need to root it in there . there is usually , two partitions recovery and system , as the op indicated , was booted into the cwm recovery which resides on recovery hence is rooted , but not the normal android system .
a hard reset is traditionally when you kill all power to the phone and then boot it up from that state . normally you remove the battery , then put it back in and boot up . you are right about factory reset -- it erases all your settings and data , leaving the os . unfortunately , some people use " hard reset " when they really mean " factory reset " .
i have had the same problem with the new market app a couple times now , the only solution i have found is to clear the market data in Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications -&gt; Market -&gt; Clear data ( and Clear cache if it is not already 0.00b ) . now after you reopen market , it should show the correct updates .
unless the lock screen is some kind of 3rd party app ( like go locker ) , then i believe you would have to modify the rom yourself , and port the lock screen over manually , into your ' new ' rom . - in which case you might be better off asking for advice over at xda , or another developer forum . if it is some kind of 3rd party app , chances are you can download and install it from the play store , or download the apk online from the developer 's website . edit : rereading your question it is occured to me you might actually be asking how to port over the lock screen ( ie : which files to modify in the rom ) - in which case , you should probably go to xda ( see above link ) and ask for advice .
the first thing to remember is that when an app runs , it does not actually do computation for the whole time it is running : most of the time it is idle , waiting for data to arrive over the network , or while you are looking at it on the screen . only very badly-written apps and games keep the cpu active the whole time they are running : this runs the battery down very quickly , and makes your phone rather warm . so even if chrome has been on the screen for 30 minutes , it should not have used 30 minutes of cpu time . if it is completely static in that time and you are not interacting with it , it might not have used any cpu time at all ! but at the other extreme , even if it was continually scrolling a page , it would not use 30 minutes of cpu time : the screen updates every 1/60th of a second , and each time it just has to run for long enough to work out what the next frame should be . cpu foreground bearing this in mind , cpu foreground is how much time the app has been running on the cpu while an activity from the app was in the foreground . ( it might also include when a service from the app was in the foreground : that is , displaying an " ongoing " notification . ) it is not a very useful figure on its own . cpu total i am sure you already know that apps can run services and broadcast receivers in the background , as well as activities in the foreground . ( for more on this , see what&#39 ; s the difference between a service and a broadcast receiver ? ) cpu total includes all of this cpu use . if it is a lot more than cpu foreground , you might suspect that the app is doing a lot of work in the background and therefore might be a battery hog . how much is " a lot " depends on the app . an app that keeps running to check some remote service will use more cpu in the background than a sudoku game . keep awake when the screen of your phone is off , it starts to think about having a quick nap . it enters a low-power mode called sleep where the cpu is almost completely powered down until needed . because this can interrupt apps ' background activities , an app can use a wake lock to stop the device going to sleep until it is finished . ( there is also another kind of wake lock , which stops the screen turning off automatically . a video player might use that kind of wake lock . ) an app can also use an alarm to wake the device up to perform some background tasks . keep awake measures the length of time that this app has used wake locks or alarms to keep the device awake when it would otherwise have been asleep . in a way , this is potentially the biggest drain on battery . sleeping uses much less power than staying awake , so if an app keeps a wake lock for a long time , it is keeping your device in a high-power mode all that time , even if the app is not doing any useful work . if you see an app whose keep awake time is more than a few seconds , you should report a bug to the app developer , and you might consider uninstalling it . 30 seconds over the course of a whole day is reasonable for an app that does work in the background , but most apps will show less than a second here .
no worky . htc is not calling the correct ascii code for the " pipe " symbol . it seems there are two of them in existence . one is a straight vertical bar ( | ) ( supposed to be ascii #124 in base-10 and 7c in hex ) and one has a small gap in the center , it is also called the broken line or the broken bar and was used in the old ibm ebcdic character set . the confusion is that i have seen unix keyboards with the broken line representing the pipe symbol . however , the broken bar is not part of the ascii set and i have no clue what htc used for its ascii representation . on second thought they must be using an iso/iec 8859-1 representation : the vertical bar is 7c ( hex ) and the broken bar is a6 ( hex ) . there you have it . all i can say is that my invisible wireless network has | in it and as long as i hide it , i can not link to it with my incredible . making it visible and joining and then making it invisible again does not work as a trick . annoying !
lockscreen calendar is a fairly lightweight app to display your next few upcoming events on your lockscreen . unfortunately , it does not currently support recurring events .
summed-up solution from above comments : you can use a filtering proxy like e.g. filterproxy , which lets you define what urls should be blocked . to prevent other users from simply disabling the proxy then , you could protect it using an app locker like e.g. app lock .
there are slightly different opinions around on this topic . to fully understand the issue , one needs to first understand how liio batteries work ( which goes a little too far for our site , so please read details on wikipedia ) . lie ryan is absolutely right : liio batteries do not take it well to be fully discharged . it should not be done too often . i am not sure what a double-take should improve here . usually there is no need to do that " explicitly " . if you think of how often you end up with an empty batterie ( as it does not last long enough ) , calibration is already done as a side-effect ( if you then fully charge ) . it is widely agreed that it should not be done more often than once in 60 . . 90 days , so logas might have mistaken the term . see previous point : ) i never saw reason to calibrate any of my devices ' battery , though . it certainly cannot hurt to do it with the device turned off , as then it is not being charged and discharged at the same time . i doubt it is really necessary , but it does no harm : )
assuming you have previously installed appbrain and synced your device , you can do the following : from google play market download and install appbrain and fast web installer apps . open the fast web installer and sign in with your google account ( same one you are using on play store ) . open the appbrain app , and sign in with your appbrain account . go to preferences , and then use the " enable fast web install " option . under menu go to " more lists . . . " option , select the previously synced list , tap the " add all apps " button , and tap the back button . tap the " execute " button , and after reviewing the permissions tap the " install " button . this should download and install apps in batch , without having to confirm each one separately . you can also create lists of apps via appbrain 's site , and these lists should show up in the app .
app updates notification can come from the app themselves , but most commonly they come from the play store . play store will notify you for any updates to system apps ( i.e. . apps that originally comes with the phone ) and apps that are installed through the play store ; it will not notify you about updates to side-loaded apps our apps installed by third party market . third party market may also have their own update notification mechanism ; which is completely unrelated to the play store update mechanism . they may or may not provide update to system apps , although most do not . amazon app market for example also provide updates notification . note that update notification on third party market depends on the app developer updating the app on the third party market , some developers might update their app on play but not on third party market or vice versa for various reasons .
/proc/config.gz ( and consequently .config ) , a file containing all needed flags for the linux kernel building process , can only be found if the kernel maker / your device manufacturer explicitly enabled config.gz availability when the linux kernel was being built . so if it is not present in /proc , you had have to either do a trial-and-error , get help from somebody else , or contact the manufacturer .
you can perform updates on installed app 's accessing the play store : find the play store icon on your home screen or in your app drawer and tap it to open it up . once the play store loads , tap the menu button on your device and choose the " my apps " option . wait until the list gets filled . if there are available updates you will see:: a text that says " update " to the right of the app 's name , you can long press it to update that app ; additionally , you can press " update " on the top of the list to update all app 's . usually a number is present to the right , that refers to the total number of updates available .
ok , here 's a start at a list ( does not have to be definitive ) : the gotab gbt740r 7" android 4 ice cream sandwich tablet , costing just 100 pounds or less in uk ! this device has a full size usb female socket to support usb otg / usb host . a friend owns one , his usb memory sticks work in this - we can browse to the usb stick contents using astro file manager app on the tablet . @philip sheard 's ( yet unknown ) " cheapo tablet just £70" - see his answer ( care to enlighten us at to the make and model , philip ? may be it is the same as the one i mention ? or not ? ) update : acer iconia tab a200 ( includes full-size usb a connector , takes flash keys no problem ) . thanks @michael kohne for your answer . i will try to update as i find more . . . ( feel free to contribute )
you can verify by checking /proc/config.gz and search through it looking for the configure option - CONFIG_BLK_DEV_LOOP=y . to do that you need to do it this way : cp /proc/config.gz /sdcard/kernel_config.gz  and adb pull /sdcard/kernel_config.gz  unzip the kernel_config . gz and open it up in a notepad or text editor and search it . if its either # CONFIG_BLK_DEV_LOOP is not set or CONFIG_BLK_DEV_LOOP=n all bets are off .
the reason the pictures remains visible in the gallery is because the android 's mediascanner is a bit weak in this regard . what happens is this - when android boots up , it runs the mediascanner , which goes off and checks all the images , ringtones , audio to sum up , and keeps tab on it . this is only done once on boot . you can get around this , by unmounting the sd card , do this safely ( settings > storage > unmount sd card ) this will take a few seconds , once its unmounted , you can pop out the sd card , pop it back in again , this in turn will force the mediascanner to run again , and then all the images that you have deleted are no longer there in the gallery . mediascanner is a service that acts as a caching service in that it caches all media ( images/audio ) . on some roms , there is a facility to force it to run again without having to do the above .
use one of those : <code> cat /proc/mounts mount # free disk space of mounted fs ' df # this shows you available devices cat /proc/partitions </code> ps : lines containing asec are moved-to-sdcard apps ( it is each an encrypted volume per app for security reasons )
all contacts that have a group will sync . those contacts that do not have a group ( ie " other contacts" ) will not . go to gmail on a pc and choose contacts ( i have not tested from a phone ) . there is a default group called " my contacts " and there is a default group called " other contacts " i would guess you do not have any or very few in " my contacts " . open a contact and make sure they are assigned a group . either " my contacts " or a custom group underneath that . this way you can still have contacts in gmail without having them in your phone . btw anytime you get an email and the contact is new , it is put in " other contacts " .
es file explorer has support for several cloud storage providers . it allows to " copy " folders from your dropbox folder to your sd-card etc in a similar fashion as you would copy files locally . the " network " tab allows you to add an account .
no , not if you are using the google authenticator app . you will be able to receive the sms with the code , but you will not be able to link the app . always print out your backup codes in case of this : account - security - 2 step verification - backup codes
battery monitor widget or similar might report the current ( it depends on whether the battery controller reports it or not ) , though i am not finding any reports on whether it works on your device or not . still , can not hurt to try it . alternatively , a usb multimeter , like this one , would give you definite readings .
i just deleted it . . . it seems to be a bug with cyanogenmod . will update if there are any problems . deletion was done through the terminal app . you type su to give it super user permissions , then you go to the path and use a linux command to delete the files .
officially : this is not possible , except for certain ( older ? ) archos tablets . inofficially : there is the autopatcher project . it includes patches to enable 3g modems on wifi-only tablets ( it may be possible to use those on phones too , but ymmv ) . autopatcher supports these android firmware flavours : some 3rd party firmwares ( cyanogenmod , aokp , paranoidandroid , pacman ) aosp 2.3- > 4.3 ( e . g . , google 's nexus line ) . . . and others not supported are original htc , samsung and other branded firmwares .
yes , it is called the menu key
well , to put this another way : for gingerbread , storage space weighs around 95mb , give or take , including google apps , source code 6.5gb , compilation taking up approx 14gb space . android 's storage space for ics , weighs around 160mb , give or take , including google apps , source code 9.5gb , compilation - takes up approx 20gb space . as to jb , have not yet built it , but source code is 12.5gb , compilation takes up around 25gb space , various official jb images hovers around 200mb mark . the above ball-park figures above , reflects from gb , ics and jb . as for the future versions of android , only time will tell how much more space will be taken up , it will increase , no doubt ! as for the final image build output , this would be dependent on handset , as rom developers/manufacturers love to add their own bits , hence the inclusion of the " give or take " in the above sentences , not to mention carrier bloat-ware so the mileage will vary .
yes , just copy the /system/etc/apns-conf.xml file . you can also use an app like apn backup and restore : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.riteshsahu.apnbackuprestore edit : to backup manually-entered apns ( or ones otherwise not part of your rom , such as ones " imported " when you insert a new sim card ) you also need to back up /data/data/com.android.settings/shared_prefs/com.android.settings_preferences.x\xadml  apn backup and restore does not do this .
a subscriber identity module commonly known as sim card has a storage for text ( sms ) messages and contacts only . settings ( i presume you are talking about access points and gprs/3g configuration - clarify it you mean something else ) about your phone are not stored , except the carrier related parameters like message service center number , value added services codes etc .
you say " tasker does not seem a solution " . if you already have tasker installed you can do the following : create a task with 6 actions that puts the names of the files in the camera folder into an array , then loops through the array moving files one by one depending on the filename extention . note , in the if statements , ~ means matches , and ! ~ means does not match . ( your directory may look different to mine ) list files dir : external-sd/dcim/camera variable : %myfiles variable set name %arrayindex to 0 variable add name %arrayindex value : 1 move from %myfiles ( %arrayindex ) to external-sd/pics if %myfiles ( %arrayindex ) ~ *.jpg move from %myfiles ( %arrayindex ) to external-sd/vids if %myfiles ( %arrayindex ) ~ * . mp4 goto type action number number 3 if %arrayindex ! ~ %myfiles ( # ) now you can launch this task with a shortcut on your homescreen , or you can make it fully automatic by having tasker run this task whenever the camera app closes . to do this create a context -application-camera , and link it to the above task . then long-click on the task and select " move to exit "
according to their bug tracker , webrtc is currently broken on firefox android . you can get audio or video , but not both , and attempting to get both results in your getting neither . as for chrome android , it is only in the beta ( m25 and later ) and is disabled by default . to enable it , type chrome://flags into the url bar , then scroll down and find the " enable webrtc " checkbox and check it . it'll then prompt you to restart the browser . note that webrtc in chrome is really beta , not " google beta " and has some issues , such as ; audio sounds choppy and warbled especially on devices where the cpu is heavily loaded acoustic echo cancellation on mobile platforms is not working well chroma components received from the galaxy s3 camera drivers are swapped ( colors look inverted ) dtls via openssl on android fails and needs to be disabled general stability and complexity issues another note , neither of these browsers quite follows the standard , so the people who are writing the sites need to be adapting for the browsers eccentricities and if they are not being throughout , it will work on one browser , but not the other .
other than being redundant and using more resources ( you would have two separate services running in the background all the time ) , you should not have any problems running both at the same time like any other application . i would see it as not much different than running locale and tasker at the same time . they might do very similar things , but they are not exactly the same .
a factory reset will not remove a custom rom unless the backup image in the custom rom is for a rom other than itself . this would be pretty unlikely . i think we had need to know your phone model and the rom you used to help you figure out why it did not write over the system apps . that is definitely not normal . normally virtually no trace of the old rom should be left .
you were assuming state → hardware → media button coming close to your wishes – but no : that event triggers when one of the media buttons is pressed , as the name suggests , not when a video/media is played . when looking for a fitting tasker trigger , the only thing coming close to it is checking the %MTRACK variable , but that only works for some audio players . to extend that , you can use some tasker addons as e.g. wave control or media utilities – but again , according to their descriptions they seem to work for audio only . i am not aware of any possibility to achieve this with tasker ; but feel free to check out my collection of tasker resources , maybe one of the many tutorials mentions anything i overlooked , or one of the addons got updated in this regard .
i have verified that google+ version 2.4.1.271037 on android 4.0.3 uses https for instant upload . i did what @shambleh suggested and performed a network trace at my internet gateway . enabled instant upload , snapped a picture , and saw a bunch of traffic hitting google servers ( ip address 74.125.226.70 , but remember this may change ) on http port 443 . using wireshark , it is clear that the traffic is encrypted .
you can repartition the internal memory . in essence it can be done , but what many others have answered is basically correct . not only is it quite difficult and risky to perform it , it also requires specialized skills which the average user may not have . there is one solution to the problem though . the easiest way to do this is to look for a custom rom for your phone . many custom rom providers recognize the issue already and have a fix for it in some way or the other . your phone model can provide more information if you like .
no , 4.3 does not address that at all . you will still have to use the kernel that ziddey has posted on xda-developers . com .
as you are rooted , you can use droidwall to control network access on a per app basis . from the market page : front-end application for the iptables linux firewall . allows you to restrict which apps can access the network . this is the perfect solution if you do not have an unlimited data plan , or just wants to see your battery lasting longer .
ok , i found out the reason for this problem is the band differences on the 3g : S5830: HSDPA 900 / 2100 S5830B: HSDPA 850 / 2100 S5830L: HSDPA 850 / 1900  and the incompatibility with the current firmware i had ( i updated to cyanogenmod 7.2.0 and still had the same issue ) , so for a quick fix , i went to : Settings &gt; Wireless &amp; networks &gt; Mobile networks &gt; Use only 2G networks  and that took care of the issue , however , for a full solution , flashing a latin ( like the brazilian one ) with a modem file like the kp7 or kpl should take care of the problem .
duckduckgo
the error message in this case is misleading : it is not that greasemonkey is incompatible with that version number , rather that it is incompatible with firefox for android . the extension mechanism in firefox for android is somewhat different to firefox on desktops , so add-ons for desktop firefox will not work ( in general ) on android . to find out if/when android support is planned , or to help out , you could start by contacting the gresemonkey-users mailing list .
it is likely that the option does not exist on your stock phone launcher ( can not confirm that , i have a different phone ) , but if it does , it should have the keywords " looping " , " wrap around " , " circular scrolling " in the settings . i would recommend installing one of the following 3rd party launcher instead , which do not wrap around by default , and provide other useful functionality : go launcher ex adw . launcher launcherpro go launcher ex appears to be in active development though so you will probably have better support going with it . there are other launchers as well but these 3 are the ones i have used before .
of course a keyboard app can capture your passwords as you type them , along with everything else you type : naughty text messages , credit card numbers , web searches , everything . you could not have a mechanism to stop it , because in a sense , that is what it is for . it can only send this or any other information across the internet if it has the appropriate permission , " full network access . " almost all apps use this permission , though , and a keyboard might want it in order to download new language files , or to show ads if it uses that revenue model . swiftkey , for example , has a " cloud sync " service to let all your devices share the same training data . this can only work by transmitting words you have typed , and statistical data about text you type , across the internet to their servers . android warns you that this is the case every time you enable a third-party keyboard in the language and input settings . nexus devices show a dialog with the message : this input method may be able to collect all the text that you type , including personal data like passwords and credit card numbers . it comes from the app highway . use this input method ? but as i mention in another question , manufacturers can replace the message ( perhaps with one that is not entirely true ) or disable it completely .
once you have created a folder in the apps ( i.e. . i created a " temp" ) and then remove it : 1 . go to the app drawer , apps , and find the panel holding the folder . 2 . menu > edit 3 . press and hold the folder until " remove " appears . 4 . drag to trash can ( remove ) . 5 . save gone .
this is how many modern android phones ( including all nexus phones ) work . the nexus 4 can switch between mtp and ptp modes . to overgeneralize a bit , it can use mtp to emulate a media device and ptp to emulate a camera . the nexus 4 has no way to mount as a mass storage device ( and thus , no practical way to mount it and get a drive letter for it )
there is no such thing as normal usb transfer speed . it depends on several factors including but not limited to : class of the sdcard usb speed ( 1.1 vs 2.0 ) performance and load of the the computer out of these three the one with the most influence is the class of the sdcard . the class describes the minimum write speed of the card in mb/s . for example a class 10 card has a minimum writing speed of 10mb/s . based on this your sdcard is most likely a class 2 . if you can not locate your sdcard class , there is a free tool ( only for windows users ) that gives you the transfer rate of your sdcard : h2testw 1.4 after you have finished verifying your unit you will be able to see the exact time it took for the operation to complete , the number of megabytes tested , and , of course , the writing / reading speed . as a side note : the cache that abdul mentions has nothing to do with this . that is for reading and only applies if the card is mounted in the phone .
it is not actually possible to fully disable the led for gmail without disabling email notifications altogether . your only alternative is to use an app like lightflow ( of which there is a free , ' lite ' edition ) . hopefully there will be a fix for this in a future update .
are you running the stock rom , only rooted ? if so , you have a few options . ruu to the latest ota and reroot . available here . ( requires unrevoked 3.22 ) install a pre-rooted rom . available here . if you are running a different rom , you should be able to do a build . prop edit to keep from seeing ota notifications ( and burning your battery , redownloading the ota constantly , etc . ) . this post describes what needs modified . finally , you can flash a rom based on the latest ota .
i had similar problems and used llama , then expanded my use of it to cover other events . it is similar to tasker , and sufficient to my needs , while still a free app . most automation can be triggered by entering/leaving cell tower range that is recognized as " home " . it has options to turn on airplane mode automatically when the phone leaves a cell reception range , and take it out of airplane mode when it re-enters . btw - i am just an enthusiastic user - not the developer .
looking at this cyanogenmod source code ( which , according to the file history , does not actually have any cyanogenmod-specific changes ) , i see that the initial dot in proxy bypass list elements is just ignored , and an initial wildcard is implied — that is , you can write either example.com or .example.com in the list , and this entry will match example.com , a.example.com , a.b.example.com ,  … ( note that any number of subdomain levels can be matched , unlike , e.g. , with *.example.com in an ssl certificate ) . if your phone does not actually work this way ( e . g . , you add example.com to the proxy bypass list , but www.example.com still goes through the proxy ) , either this code was modified by the phone vendor , or a particular app is using its own implementation of bypass list matching instead of the system-provided code .
since the fbi cannot bypass the screen lock , i guess you will not . check out http://wired.com/threatlevel/2012/03/fbi-android-phone-lock
i was facing the same problem for long time on my galaxy s3 , at last i figure it out by default android sms allow you to send same message to multiple people without converting it to mms . but when you select the option Group Messaging under the multimedia message (MMS) setting it now set group messaging only for mms try un-checking the option hope this will help ( am using default sms of android ) screenshot ( click to enlarge )
yes you can . i have used swype as well as touchpal keyboard as alternatives . once you install any new keyboard , just go to settings > language and keyboard to set your keyboard/text settings .
use the popular barcode scanner app , it gives you a " share via barcode " option in the " share " menu when viewing a contact .
you have got to do 2 things : first , download the s-on tool from unrevoked 's site and run it according to the instructions . the main thing to keep on top of is the radio compatibility , particularly if you have flashed any of the evo 's radios to your incredible . once you are back to s-on , flash the latest ruu . right now , it is 4.08.605.2 . this will replace the rom and recovery with stock versions . be careful doing this , last i heard there is no way to permanently root the incredible and regain s-on after you have flashed a stock gingerbread rom . if you would like to re-root in the future , at least keep s-off .
is there away to make my phone stop beeping when i get a facebook message if i am already on facebook on a different computer ? emphasis mine . no , there is currently no way for the facebook app to only send you messages when the phone is the only device connected . the only option you have is shutting of certain kinds of notifications completely .
there are tons of alternatives . find a list of ftpservers in this german thread ( google translate version ) , others like webdav and samba can be found here ( again : google translate version ) . i would say you could give ftpserver a try , sounds promising . no root mentiones , highly rated . alternatively , you might want to try domobile ftp share ( very small : less than 30 kb ! ) or their new app eshare . meanwhile i even managed to locate swiftp again ( somebody continues the project , finally ! ) , which should be fast and lightweight .
for continuity across all android device sizes , from phones to tablets , the android team completely removed the old tablet layout from 4.4 going forward . it is no longer there so it is not something that can just be switched on . it would have to be built back into the rom , so you may ask your rom developer or look to see if a rom has already done this .
most ads require internet access . if you remove the internet access , then it should not load the ads ( unless they are somehow cached ? ) . if he really , really , really wants to get rid of ads all together , you can install the adfree app on rooted phones . it will remove ads from the browser , from apps , etc . anything that is in its blacklist will refuse to load . however , developers do try to make a living and often provide their apps for free at the cost of a little advertising . you may also want to try and explain this to him and if he really likes the app he can support the developer further by purchasing the full ( ad free ) version . no money , no developers .
this ended up being an extremely simple fix but took me a long time to do . open the hangouts app and go to settings select your google account scroll down and click ' sign out ' back in the main listing , click the sms dropdown click on your google account and that is it ! all my contact images showed up correctly and change when i change their photo via the contacts app .
you do not need to remove default google account or factory reset to ditch double notifications . use any one of following methods which suits you best : from Settings ~> Accounts &amp; Sync , choose the default google account and turn off gmail sync . after that , you will receive notifications from k-9 mail , only . in some android versions , if you turn off all sync options listed under a google account , a sign out button is appeared . all you need is to tap it . go ahead to try it . if you are rooted , delete /data/system/accounts.db file and restart the system ( on jelly bean , its /data/system/users/0/accounts.db and the location can vary with android versions ) . next time , you will be asked to add google account again .
this does not specifically exist , however there is the android backup system , which allows you to reinstall all the apps from the google server 's on the inital setup of the device . this will queue all the apps for install from google play . it comes on all android 2.2+ devices , however it is very temperamental . other than that , you could use a dedicated backup app such as titanium backup pro to regularly backup your apps , allowing you to restore them in one click should you need to . google play does not offer what you stated . ios offer 's this because they do not have permissions to show you ; )
this is for the nfc functionality . those contacts are used to transmit the info to and from the receiver/transmitter on the back cover ( seen below outlined in green , though you probably guessed it : ) ) . they have to put it on the back cover because nfc only works for usually no more than a few centimetres , and they need a way to feed the information back to the phone system itself . it is discussed more in this post on another android forum .
you can change the dns settings in android , but you need to root your phone first : http://blog.varunkumar.me/2010/09/how-to-change-dns-server-on-android.html i do not believe there is a way to password protect the dns settings , but at least it would not be obvious for them to figure out how to change the settings . edit : of course , one thing you can do to at least protect your kids while they are in your home is to change the dns settings on your router . of course whenever they use your carrier 's data network , this will not help .
the issue is actually caused by the feature that i wanted to make use of : sleep mode . for some reason , if the option to disable pebble notifications while in sleep mode , all pebble notifications are disabled , regardless of sleep state . ( the release notes indicate that this was already fixed , but that apparently is not the case . ) since i can disable notifications at the watch ( thanks , @gathrawn ) , i have no need for preventing light flow from sending notifications to my pebble while i sleep . simply disable the sleep mode check for send to pebble in light flow , and notifications will start flowing .
i think the only reliable source for roms is xda-developers . ask your question there . they have a special forum for the att s3 . http://forum.xda-developers.com/forumdisplay.php?f=1705 btw : that does not mean that you cannot trust this source !
not really an android question ( rather linux/shell/bash ) , but i give the credit of the missing executable . so : for i in * ; do j=`echo $i | tr '[a-m][n-z][A-M][N-Z]' '[n-z][a-m][N-Z][A-M]'`; mv "$i" "$j"; done 
touch the image and it will be viewed bigger . then hold the menu button . a menu will come up . go for Settings - Save Image to save the image and it will be saved to your photo album .
from what i can see from this site ( in spanish ) : this is a specific advertising service that only the Movistar network seems to push to phones . the only solution i found is to disable the " sim toolkit " application , Settings &gt; Applications &gt; SIM Toolkit but this may require root access to your device . removing sim toolkit according to android forum users can be removed without any issues . i would Disable it rather than take the nuclear deletion option personally . from the link : has not been on my phone in a year . . . no problems without it - that i am aware of . and i know for a fact that 4g works without it . . . has not been on my phone for the last year - and every rom i could flash made no difference . i am really temped to believe that simtoolkit is for metro 's various services/bloatware ( where they monitor data usage - for whatever reason ) from wikipedia : sim application toolkit ( commonly referred to as stk ) is a standard of the gsm system which enables the subscriber identity module ( sim ) to initiate actions which can be used for various value-added services . these so called ' value added services ' are what you want to remove . alternatively you could contact movistar and see if they can stop it , tell them it is crashing your device or causing you issues and ask what can be done . depending on your contract you could move to another network also .
from forums : tsuda quote : originally posted by stevhorn i can confirm this works with the mk802ii , but i do not know about the mk802iii . http://www.aliexpress.com/item/apple...661773412.html yes , it works on the mk802ii . the iii has the same ethernet config screen in settings so it should be the same . i will try it this weekend and let you know .
here is what i use that do not need an internet connection : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.androidintercom https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.remaller.android.wifitalkie_lite
if you look at my previous answer to a similar question you can see that by google 's testing utilising wifi will use more battery than using gps . this seems broadly in line with the figures given in an answer mentioned in the comments . however as izzy mentions these are ballpark figures and actual consumption is dependant upon what exactly the phone is doing .
swiping apps out of the recent apps list is vanilla , and yes , not well documented . this has been the topic of a decent amount of discussion on various android forums . . . the consensus seems to be best described here in some comments : that the behavior is similar to but not exactly the same as closing an app -- in general ( for apps that do not define explicit back button handling ) it is the same thing as hitting back enough times from within an application that you exit out of it . the link has some more details on the specifics , but overall you can think of it as quitting the application . specific to the music app , i believe it starts a service , so while the task itself ( the music app/ui ) may be closed , the service continues to run in the background so that your music does not suddenly stop just because the task got cleared out for memory management reasons . that may have affected what you saw .
i found a solution that kind of works , but imo it is still unsatisfying . after some googling , i found that this is a known bug in android . apparently it is fixed ( the issue is closed ) , but i do not think so , because not only do i have these problems now , there are also comments with complaints which were posted after the date when the issue was closed . one of the comments had a solution that works for me , but it is not ideal : when i edit the contact ( which has my father 's name , as mentioned in the question ) it shows both contacts to edit . . . still on the same screen , but clearly separated as different contacts . on this screen , i can separate or merge them in the options menu . when i choose to separate them , they become two different contacts again . . . but only on this device . i have to repeat that on the other device in order to separate them there as well .
it could most likely be a bug . i suggest you upgrade your android via kies or manually . galaxy nexus is known to have a similar software issue with volume : http://techie-buzz.com/mobile-news/galaxy-nexus-to-get-a-software-update-to-fix-the-volume-bug.html perhaps it could be the same with your s2 , especially since it is on older android version .
i was hoping the " wimax " or " mobile data 2g/3g " net actions would be what you need , but after looking around it does not look like tasker supports 4g on/off switching . per tasker forum user pent regarding this issue ( on a different phone ) : if this is not currently a feature is there any way to implement it ? it is not and there is no ' official ' way to implement it . i was hoping there would be something in ics , but do not think there is after a quick scan . one day i will have to do some research , but i prefer working on features that will still work going forwards and benefit everyone . pent sorry for the bad news .
the menu for each file ( the one you get by clicking the down-triangle-in-ring icon , or by long-tapping a file ) should also have a move item between rename and export . clicking it brings up a selector you can use to select where to move it to . i can not imagine why you might not have that item .
it should be noted that the dropbox app does not actually sync the files to your phone , it just presents you with a list . whenever you select a file in the dropbox app , then it downloads it to your phone . on my incredible , the dropbox folder is just in the root of the sd card .
well , this sony ericsson sync tool seems to work , specially if you want to move contacts from another sony ericsson device from your new one ( they claim you can also synchronize your data from other devices , as long es they support syncml ) . but i personally use gmail 's contact management , which is easy to use , practical and safe . obviously is a good idea to auto-synchronize it , as you did , even if you were not aware ; ) . after reading your post i have been playing with the Backup &amp; Restore tool , and i realized they warn something like : contacts synchronized using other services are not included . * *i do not know if this is the actual english message , cause my phone is in spanish , but should be somehing like that , should not it ? regards .
beyond what you have already done , you can not . the market requires you to have your google account added to your phone , and this naturally stores data such as your email address even if you do not sync email .
ultrachron stopwatch lite . it does not time stamp each lap but does the start time .
mx player does hw video / sw audio .
yes . and not just for the inbox , but inbox and sent may be the only folders synchronized by default . note : this answer was written about a now obsolete version of the gmail app , which continues to change in its user interface over time . the answer will not be updated to track that evolution , as there are multiple versions in use at any time which behave differently , and it is ultimately the idea rather than the specific steps which are important .
never heard it was , and i am pretty sure if it were i had heard . ( originally " ximian evolution " , by the way ; ) neither have i heard of something comparable . mail , calendar , todo etc . are available as separate apps , sometimes also in combinations , but then mostly only combinations of calendar + todo , not with mail . closest coming is probably pocket informant ( usd 10 ) , joining calendar , tasks , and contacts : pocket informant 3 ( source : google play ; click image for larger variant ) i personally favour a combination of business calendar ( bought the pro ) , business tasks ( integrates neatly into their calendar app ) , and k-9 mail instead on my android devices ( and yes , on my computer i use evolution ) .
yes , the reason you can not downgrade official roms is not a technical one ; it is just a decision samsung have taken . there is no reason at all why you can not go backwards and forwards between versions of cyanogenmod as long as you have the appropriate recovery . and cm10.1.3 and cm10.2 are currently much more stable than cm11 on the i9300 . consult the cyanogenmod site ( http://www.cyanogenmod.org/ ) or xda-developers ( http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2382573 ) for full details before actually flashing a new recovery . ( personally i am staying with cm10.1.3 ( http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2035141 ) as i found the camera unstable on cm10.2 )
if it came pre-installed with your phone then its a system app . you cannot uninstall it ( unless you have your phone rooted , which i think you do not have ) . best option for you is to disable the app . in this case , the app will not run and will not consume any cpu or battery ( if that is your problem ) . if you are concerned about storage space running out then this will not solve the storage problem .
solved it by clicking reset app preference from the action bar in settings
try using delayed lock - works with ics but you need to be rooted only if you want pattern lock . pin and password lock do not require a device to be rooted to use this app . there is a trial version which i highly recommend you try and use before making a decision . there are also available free plugins to automatically keep the device unlocked while connected to a specific wifi network / bluetooth device or at certain locations .
the purpose of the lockscreen is to prevent someone from accessing your data , which would be erased by performing a factory reset . a fingerprint scanner is not more secure than a password , it is only more convenient . a few cases where it falls short as a password are : you leave your fingerprints everywhere its easier to obtain your fingerprints by force , than a password its harder to change your fingerprints than a password and fingerprint lock in samsung galaxy 5 easily defeated by whitehat hackers
take any nfc enabled thing to test it out and install this task launching app . now create an action using the app to do anything ( click the + icon and follow instructions ) . when it asks you to write the tag , just touch the back of the device to your nfc enabled thing . it may fail to write , but it will still work . examples of some nfc enabled things you might just have lying around : metro cards some electronic keys any other nfc enabled phone
if you had contact sync enabled and you added the account on this rom too your contacts should appear . if they do not , try titanium backup pro . it is a terrific backup solution and it is pro version allows you to restore individual items from cwm backups . it costs more than your average app but it is super well worth it .
if the phone is new and in the box , then it has probably never been turned on . you can tell because the first time you turn it on ( after fully charging the battery ) , it will go through the initial setup process , inviting you to enter or create a google account , and showing some pop-up tips about adding shortcuts to the home screen . if it is second-hand , then the shop or the previous owner should have factory-reset it already , but you can tell in the same way . if you turn it on and get the initial setup process right away , then you are already starting from a fresh state . if you just get the home screen , with no setup screen inviting you to enter or create a google account , then you need to factory-reset from the device settings .
have you tried setting Automatic date &amp; time and Automatic time zone ? source : daylight saving time and android : sit back and relax
the problem seemed be caused by winamp not playing wma format files , even though it is meant to support them . have converted them to mp3 and they now appear in winamp and can be played .
in the end i fixed it using the old " have you tried turning it off and on again ? " on one of the aps . make sure to try that first . ; ) so here is my little checklist , least annoying first : ( if you have other suggestions or things that worked for you let me know and i will add them ! ) recheck the password it is almost always the problem ! ( hint to the android devs : a more descriptive error for this case would be great . ; ) ) reboot all devices . yes , even if it works for other computers and if it will cut their network connection . try adding the network manually and entering all the data manually . try restricting all devices to specific channels and bands instead of using automatic discovery . if you use multiple devices make sure they do not interfere by setting them to different channels or selectively turning them off . try using " adb logcat " to get more information . try resetting your phone .
the reason for " phone calls " might be quite easy : looking at the app requirements , they list " android 1.6 or higher " . with that , this permission is automatically set -- whether the developer wants it or not . reference : android 1.6 changelog . an interesting discussion on this permission can be found at stackoverflow : android permissions : phone calls : read phone state and identity . of course this might not be the only reason . if the app e.g. lets you take " call notes " for an ongoing phone call , it might want to connect it with the contact or at least the calling number . to get the contact , it needs the number . to get the number , it needs . . . yes , READ_PHONE_STATE . not using evernote , i cannot say if it offers such a feature . personal information : a possible reason for contacts i just explained . some additional reasons , taken from the app description , could be : email notes and save tweets to your evernote account ( email taken from contacts ) share notes with friends and colleagues via facebook and twitter ( again , your friends data is probably stored with your contacts ) take meeting and class notes ( meetings are probably among your calendar entries , so they could be connected ) plan a trip : keep track of travel plans , plane tickets and passports ( again a clear candidate for calendar : travel plans ) as for accounts , pick reasons from above : how to share on your twitter and/or facebook accounts without accessing them ? so all mentioned permissions could be easily explained . could , as it takes some guess-work . you may be able to tell my assumptions are true if you investigate the described features . but the devs should be able to confirm or deny -- and imho it is their responsibility to explain . my suggestion to developers always is : if there are sensitive permissions involved , split the connected functionality into addons/plugins . my standard example : locus maps . it needs internet access to load maps , that is crucial to the app . being a navigation app , you might want it to navigate you to your friends -- so accessing your contacts makes sense . but that together with internet , well . . . you might be concerned . so menion ( the dev ) moved this part to a ( free ) addon . choice is up to you : trust him ( and install the addon ) , or enter all addresses manually . and for another thing i agree with a point mentioned here a couple of times : a 4.7 star rating with almost half a million downloads , i would say if that app were malicious , we had have heard about .
i played with fire and went ahead and backed up my data with tb , flashed a custom rom ( paranoidandroid 3.0 ) and restored the backup ! well , this is how it went : whatsapp - restored the data without re-registration tango - re-register viber - restored google+ - log in required and configure the settings facebook - already logged in ( but re-sync contacts ) path - already logged in
in my lg optimus one running gingerbread , i can open a message thread and long press on an message . this pops up a list of options and if i press ' view message details ' i get details like from , date , time . the value displayed for from is not the contact name rather it is their number . alternatively , instead of long press , short press on the sender 's name in the message gives an option to call and when i do so and quickly disconnect , i can see the number which is called , which is the number the message came from .
use es file explorer https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.estrongs.android.pophl=en free . how to use go into your pc and set up a share folder . use this as reference http://www.techrepublic.com/blog/windows-and-office/how-do-i-share-folders-in-windows-7-with-the-shared-folder-wizard/ either place your file to transfer in the shared folder or make the shared folder where your file is located . now install es file explorer on the device and run app . goto the quick access menu ( 3 dash button in the top left corner ) . select network> lan . bottom of the screen select scan , might take a minute to acquire connection . select your shared folder . select your file ( long pressing file and select copy at the bottom ) goto the quick access again and select local pick your destination location from there and tap paste enjoy ! !
it comes with an ac adapter and a charging/data cable which can plug directly into the tablet , though it does still use their proprietary cable connection since it plugs into the same connector that the keyboard dock uses ( the other end is male usb ) . using proprietary charging cables is not unheard of - samsung and apple have done this ; i do not personally like it when companies use proprietary cables , but in this case it is mostly because the charging/data port doubles as the dock connector . here 's an image from engadget 's unboxing/review of the prime . the ac adapter is at the bottom .
what you are missing is : the application ( in your case toolbox ) can evaluate how it was called . to make an easy linux-example : say you have a script called myscript , and call it with the parameters para1 para2 ( i.e. . myscript para1 para2 ) , and the script has a line : echo $0 $1 $1  it would output exactly what you called it : myscript para1 para2 . now make a symlink : ln -s myscript mylink , call mylink para1 para2 , and guess what it will " echo": the command line you called . so parsing the command line , based on the symlink your toolbox was called by , it can determine which functionality you were pointing at .
the newest version of the gmail app supports file downloads , rather than previews . if you are using the website i would think that foley is correct .
the screenshots of the cn version are all in chinese , also the language code for chinese simplified is " cn " .
autoupdates brick a lot of transformers when on cm . bad sounding situation , in my opinion . fastboot and adb are the only ways you could recover your device if you have a bad bootloader and recovery . have you tried holding vol-down while resetting with a paperclip ? that should force fastboot . if not , we can try adb . do you have adb access while your tablet is plugged in to your computer ? turn on your tablet so it is in recovery , and on your computer , run adb devices to see if your tablet is available . if so , adb -d reboot-bootloader should force your device to reboot into fastboot . from there , run fastboot erase x where x is : system recovery userdata boot misc cache and then after that , you can flash your files and/or restore your .blob files .
make sure you have disconnected from the computer and the phone has remounted the card , then navigate to /sdcard/ or /mnt/sdcard/ . ( on other samsung phones like the galaxy s , you would go to /sdcard/external_sd/ . )
you may be able to use one of these which has one 2.1a usb port , but only if the device you are charging supports it . most devices when transferring data lock the power output to the standard usb power standard when connected as a data device though . also if you are using a modded device with a usb fast charge enabled kernel , you will not be able to accomplish what you want because of how it is implemented . the force usb fast charge mode tricks the phone into thinking it is on mains power so it shuts off data ports .
if every app had to interpret the raw gps input itself , it would be very silly . different apps would duplicate the same effort of decoding and interpreting the gps input to compute a location . different apps would end up using different libraries to do it , so each app might end up with a different idea of your location . instead , the process of interpreting the gps data to compute with a location is handled centrally in android itself . the android system offers an interface for apps to query the location without having to worry about the details of whether it came from gps , cell towers , or wi-fi networks . this way , only the android system has to compute the location , using any possible sources , it can give this location to many apps without duplicating effort , and ( as you have noticed ) each app does not have to start from scratch to compute the location . more recent android versions also do clever tricks like giving a less precise location to apps that have the " approximate ( network-based ) location " permission but not the " precise ( gps ) location " permission , regardless of which methods were actually used to determine the location . internally , this works with what is called a bound system service : an ipc mechanism for different processes to receive data from the service that actually computes the location . the service does run in user space , not inside the kernel , and like any other android app it runs inside its own process . ( only the very low levels of the gps receiver driver run inside the kernel . ) the details of that are well beyond the scope of this site , but if you are interested , you can learn more by reading the location strategies page in the official android developers ' guide .
the water evaporating has left now undissolved mineral ions on your phone ( ions conduct electricity ) . now electricity does not go as designed . also heat cycles will possibly change chemical and physical structure of your hardware . the more you use it the more likely something will get worse instead of drying to get rid of water and leave the ions on your phone you should have hoovered the water being cautious not to discharge static electricity to the phone ( even though theoretically almost everyone should have damaged their hardware with static many times in their lives it somehow never happens ) now maybe you should clean it properly ( isopropyl alcohol should work the purer the better at least 99% ) the better way to clean it is with bathing it in the alcohol and use ultrasound at the same time which some more professional phonerepairers do with special machines . ( you can find some good replacements of the machines for about 50usd ) it most often works without ultrasounding but the ultrasound method is much better and fixes the performance of water damaged phone more .
there is a root method available for the vruema7 build that does not require you to wipe your device or flash roms , but it does not have an unlocked boot loader ( source and credit to : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2380325 ) step 1: download all three files from the first step from the source above and install/extract as necessary . step 2: insert a microsd card ( exfat format required ) into your device and connect it to your computer as a media device . step 3: move the extracted files and folder from the root exploit package onto the root of your microsd card . do not put them in any folder . step 4: open the android terminal emulator app on your device and run the following commands hitting return after each line : cd /mnt/extSdCard ./pwn ./script.sh  after the second command you should see the '$' change to a '#' indicating root access . the third command will make root access permanent . step 5: after the above commands have run , you can download and open supersu and check for binary updates . at this point you should be done and you can open an app that will request root access to test this .
which keyboard app are you using ? it does not break normally on sd card . i have used stock and swiftkey both on sd card . never cause any problem to me .
imap clients generally need to use application-specific passwords in order to access accounts that use 2-step verification . you will need to generate a new app-specific password , then use that to set up your incoming/outgoing servers instead of using your regular account password . google 's support page ( linked above ) includes instructions for doing this . summarized , the procedure is : how to generate an application-specific password visit your google account settings page . on the left , click security . under the "2-step verification " topic , click manage your application specific passwords . under the application-specific passwords section , enter a descriptive name for the application you want to authorize , then click “generate application-specific password " . you will then see the application-specific password ( asp ) you just created . you will also see the name you wrote in for the device and a link to revoke -- or cancel -- the code . when you sign in to an application requiring an asp , enter your asp in the password field , and make sure you check the " remember password " option if you want the application to remember the code .
as an android user for about 2 years ( and an iphone user for 2 years before that ) , i feel that android is very stable . but you have to remember , that with the ability to load widgets , and background applications - you can certainly bog down your phone and decrease its performance . in apple 's walled garden this is not a problem , but you also do not have the freedom and choice . as a modern computer user , i want the choice to slow down my phone if i want : )
to add the current page as a bookmark , in the browser : menu-> bookmarks-> add bookmark then you can long click the bookmark and select ' add shortcut to home ' which will add an icon for the bookmark on the desktop . alternatively , long click on the desktop , then select add item-> shortcut-> bookmark
you will not be able to receive a 3g video call from another phone , assuming what you are looking for is the operator backed 3g-324m solution that is available on most 3g phones ( not including iphone or android ) . 3g-324m as a solution does not run over ip and requires a tighter integration between operating system , modem and application . you can read more on the technicalities here : http://www.radvision.com/resources/developers/white-papers/android_integration.htm
as per their faq : how many kindles can i use to access titles in my library ? most books you purchase from the kindle store may be simultaneously accessed for your personal use on up to six kindles or kindle-compatible devices ( such as kindle for pc or kindle for iphone ) registered to your amazon . com account . if the limit is less than six simultaneous copies for a specific title , you will see the message " simultaneous device usage : up to x simultaneous devices , per publisher limits " on the amazon . com detail page . if you reach the device limit and want to replace one of your current devices with a new one , you must first deregister and delete the content from the device you wish to replace before you can access the content in question from your new device . for device registration instructions , please see the help page for the device you wish to register/deregister on the kindle support pages . subscription content such as magazines and blogs can only be downloaded to one kindle at a time and cannot be accessed from kindle for pc . so yes , you can read the ebook on multiple devices , but be aware that there is a limit of 6 ( or fewer ) devices .
wow , i had this problem just this week ! and just got access to my microsd . . . accessing your microsd the problem : my microsd card works great on my phone , but when i inserted it into my card reader and plugged it into the computer ( ubuntu 12.04 ) , it did not read ! well , this microsd card was a 16gb , class 4 so i thought maybe it was due to the class that it did not work . since , when i plug in a 2gb microsd , it works great ! works on my phone as well as using the card reader . what i did : updated my usb drivers as well as my computer and it is all great ! here 's the command that i used : sudo update-usbids &amp;&amp; sudo update-pciids  and then use the software center and just do a full system update . that is it . the post where i got the info from : ubuntu 10.04 usb drives not mounting ! - these are instructions for ubuntu 10.04 but it worked for my 12.04 . *i did not have anything to do with mount-manager at all . accessing your internal storage this is something that i am not an expert at but i am quite sure it is what the rooting program using the adb connection did to my android when it needed to install the sudo binary . but here 's a link i hope will be of a great help to you - how to access intenal storage or internal memory of android while conecting to pc ? !
if you have a fastboot-enabled bootloader then it should be pretty simple . just put the system . img file somewhere on your pc , connect your device via a usb cable , reboot into your bootloader 's fastboot mode and then : fastboot flash system /path/to/system.img  if you do not have fastboot then you will have to jump through some more hoops . one option would be to use something like unyaffs to extract the contents of the system . img ( if it is an ext2/3/4 filesystem then just mount it ) and then package it up as a zip file that can be installed from a custom recovery . there are some tutorials floating around that explain the syntax of the installer script file , but the easiest way to figure it out would probably be to download a custom rom for your device , unzip it , and look at the updater-script file ( should be META-INF/com/google/android/updater-script in the archive ) . you may also be able to get away with simply using dd on the device , though i would be careful if you decide to try it , and make sure you are booted into recovery : adb push system.img /sdcard/ adb shell dd if=/sdcard/system.img of=/your/system/partition  alternatively , you can often build the source so that it creates a zip file instead of raw images , then install the zip from recovery . i would suggest checking to see see if you have something like make otapackage available to you .
have a look in the ouya store for an app called autopilot , that allows you to specify an app that will run on boot .
first , htc is not . . . employing a filter or enhancement to make the photos look better . . . . second , this is the color settings of the screens . if you transfer a photo taken from a sony device camera to a samsung mobile device , you will see a huge difference . that difference is that you can not see the vividness and cleanliness ( i.e. . the beauty ) you saw in the photo of the samsung phone . explanation : the mobile phones has a ppi or dpi more than 300 whereas the computer monitors have around 150 - 200 . since you are seeing the pictures in a lesser pixel density while you are viewing them in your pc , you may fell that they do not look nearly as good . if you want the beauty you saw in your phone , use photoshop or any other photo editing app to increase the colors a little and adjust brightness and/or contrast or curves . our fellow se members of photography stack exchange will be glad to help you .
had the same problem . solved it by clearing defaults in my gallery application .
closest thing i have been able to find is : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.burningthumb.premiervideokioskhl=en video kiosk display a folder of videos , continuously and robustly in a loop . video kiosk was designed with android tv sticks in mind ( tested on mk808 and mk812 ) but also works with any android device that you want to use to display a continuous series of looping videos . video kiosk can used to run the big screen at a gym , shop , or anywhere where you need to run an unattended display , so you can be sure it will work simply and easily . the only thing other people need to know how to do is turn the tv on and off - video kiosk takes care of the rest . simply put your video files in a folder , launch video kiosk and pick the folder that contains the video . optionally enable the launch at startup option so that when the device is ( re ) started , video kiosk automatically launches and starts playing video .
from what i read a few days ago , tablet cannot run android market ( and therefore will not be distributed with it ) until 2.3 is released in the early part of next year . i have heard of a few tablets being released using the manufacturers own market-type application but nothing using the official android market . i think we will have to wait until 2.3 is released before we hear about tablet support = ( gary
an sd card class basically the minimum sequential write speed that the sd card supports . testing the class of an sd is quite easy , just copy a 1 gb file to an empty card and measure the time it took for the copy . a class 6 sd card should support at minimum 6mb/s . also check out the markings on the sd card , there should a logo like the following : the number in the logo describes the speed class .
a microsd nfc reader has been certified for commercial use ( visa certifies devicefidelity’s in2pay nfc microsd ) . we used a nexus s to read , display , and share a video from an rfid sticker the internet of experiences : consumer-based advertising using the nexus s . xtremesignpost consumer-based advertising .
i also have the proble second problem , and i found the skype staff said :skype doesnt currently support routing the audio to a bluetooth device . http://forum.skype.com/index.php?showtopic=726263st=0gopid=3271265 maybe this is the reason . . .
there are multiple things which can be done : device encryption ( to assure all your data is stored encrypted ) install anti-theft software ( to track and , if necessary , remote-wipe a lost device ) activate google 's device manager on your device ( and make sure it works , as it not always does ) to photograph the " perpetrator " , you might want to take a look at ☆ gotya ! face trap ! , which fires at failed logins ( but requires a front-facing camera to do so ) : one of the most well known anti-theft solutions is e.g. included with lookout security and antivirus , but the playstore offers a lot of alternatives to this . for keeping a copy of your important data off-device , you might use some cloud synchronization service ( or a similar thing to sync with your own machine ( s ) at home ) . when storing data in the cloud , you might prefer using encryption ; wuala is one possible solution which encrypts your data before it is transfered into the cloud .
if my understanding of your question is correct , your current system-cropped wallpaper is located at /data/system/users/0 under a filename of wallpaper .
i found a nice solution with hacker 's keyboard it is free available in the google store and you can choose between many keyboard languages . the nicest thing for me is that , even if i choose the croatian language , i can still easily write german umlauts , which i need as i live in switzerland .
i found an app called panic alert button which does exactly what i was looking for .
sounds like a hardware problem ( assuming the lines extend all the way across the screen ) . could just be a bad connection .
what system are you running the emulator on ? at the moment , it just seems like your system is probably too slow to run the emulator . the emulator is very resource intensive , and unless you have a high end machine it is going to be very slow . for the start , you had want to start with a smaller screen resolution . tablet-sized screen resolution is practically impossible to emulate unless you have a very high-end machine , try wqvga size . next check how much ram you allocate for the virtual machine , if it exceeds the amount of free ram you usually have when you do not have the emulator running , then it is going to be very slow due to heavy swapping . also , close other applications running on the system to free up resources .
the notify when updates are available option has no effect on auto updating apps . you need to disable " auto update apps " right below that option . also , in the play store , go to the camera app listing and tap the menu button ( either physical menu key if equipped or the 3-dot menu in the top right ) and make sure " auto update " is not checked for the camera app . this should prevent it from updating . keep in mind this update will still appear in your list of app updates in the play store , so you will be unable to use the " update all " function since this will include the camera app in the apps to be updated .
there is an app for this called secure deletion for android , which can be used to overwrite the data . another way to obfuscate the data would be to encrypt the device before using factory reset . this encrypts all your data , and after the device is reset , it will be very unlikely that the data can be recovered .
forgot i still had this thread open . it looks like i was suffering from a rather well known " feature " of android 4.4 ( i avoided it because running 4.2 , but i guess it applying to this version as well ) . after rooting i just had to go through this procedure to manually edit : /system/etc/permissions/platform . xml and reboot and now its working . yay .
it could be done technically . afaik all communication between mms enabled components is done via standard tcp/ip . but in a regular provider setup the mms store and forward server ( s ) ( mmsc ) are only reachable via the providers network . that is why you can not send and receive mms via wifi . it is also the reason why you can not make a call and send/receive an mms simultaneously when you have only 2g ( gprs/edge ) connectivity . normally android will drop the gsm data connection if there is wifi connectivity and all data will be routed through the wifi interface , but there is one exception : the mms traffic will still go through the mobile data connection .
i believe the ' search applications provider ' has something to do with google 's internal phone data / app search apk either way : have you tried going into : settings > applications > manage applications > google search choose ' clear data ' and also ' clear cache ' . also there is an app in the list called : ' search applications provider ' linky , if your really struggling try uninstalling it . from the page linked it looks like other people have ! ( i have also read some other people back it up and freeze it with titanium backup ( ( i.e. . it is like a safe uninstall ) ) )
the gpsfix app is known for this kind of spam ( see its comments on the playstore ) , even antivirus/antimalware apps classify it as adware ( taken from those comments , again ) . hence , my recommendation is : optionally post a comment on the playstore to warn other users uninstall that app delete that icon ( do not " start " it , as you cannot know where it takes you -- it might introduce more problems ) these kind of trouble-makers are no unknowns . please see the questions tagged malware to find similar reports . the playstore has enough replacement apps not offering those " unwanted side-effects " ( take e.g. a look at gps status and toolbox ) . so no need to shed any crocodile tears over that one app : )
the phone should be in download mode : take out the battery plug into usb ( apparently skip this if you have an i9000 -- see comments ) while holding both volume buttons ( note , you may need to hold home+voldown instead ) insert the battery click the power button phone should go into download mode after a few seconds : you may need to disconnect from and reconnect it to the computer after this for odin to see it .
load the kernel . zip file into the pda field of odin , and ( if you have it , should have come with odin ) load the 512 . pit file into the pit field of odin . then flash it just like you did for the froyo rom . a stock rom is just a rom that is not modified by anyone , it came straight from samsung . if you are not using a lagfix already , you probably do not need a stock rom however . you should be able to find one easily enough in the xda subforum for your device , if you want it ; use js5 , since that is what the kernel is based on . your paid apps are recorded in your google account . you will never lose your purchase rights to them ( barring any service suspensions and that sort of thing ) . you can , however , use something like titanium backup to back them up ( requires root ) . you can back up the entire device using clockworkmod / nandroid ; look for rom manager in the market ( requires root ) . one question : why are you using that over straight voodoo ? voodoo 's perfect , and i believe supercurio has taken stock kernels and added only voodoo so you do not get any other random stuff .
in short : you can not be assured that an app will not phone home without further steps . not on android nor on ios , period . if you want to minimise your risk , only install official play apps through the store itself , see their permission grants upon install and stick only to popular/high volume apps or to big publishers . google 's play store is less curated than apple 's one . additionally , android allows to access much more apis than ios does ( e . g . replacing the keyboard or stock sms app and so on ) . also google allows you to install apps from other sources in contrast to apple . most people see this as more freedom ( not meant cynically ) while it has its drawbacks . in early 2012 , google announced its bouncer , an internal google play malware scanner service that all submitted apps have to pass before they get published . starting with android 4.2 google also announced an option to have all installed apps remotely checked for malware by google ( regardless if from google 's play store or not ) . while i personally do not like them ( for their bloat and battery sucking ) , you can install antivirus software like avast . for improved battery , switch off everything realtime and only have it scan newly installed apps . if you are rooted you can do more : install an outbound per-app internet firewall ( droidwall ) control/withdraw permissions ( lbe , privacy blocker , pdroid , permissions denied ) install an ad blocker ( adaway )
this is a known issue with the market / apps accounts . i believe google has upgraded some apps accounts to allow market purchases , but if yours has not been upgraded then i believe you are out of luck and should create a regular google account to use with the market .
not aware , but a quick check in the playstore shows there are several bicycle apps supporting " ant+ sensors " for speed and other things . take e.g. a look at ipbike ant+™ bike computer , ant+ bike display demo , ipbikekey , and others . starting point : ant+ playstore search : ) please note that , as ifor pointed out in his comment , that this requires special support from the android device 's hardware . details can be found e.g. at the ipbike page .
this sounds like an issue with summer time vs daylight savings time ? most parts of the world are still running on summer time right now , which is generally +1 hour to your actual time zone . as well as checking your phone 's time zone , check to see if you have the correct settings for summer time/daylight savings set .
i am not familiar with that particular distribution . however , in general unless the build you installed contains the " google experience " apps ( or if there is a separate market package for it , ) you will not be able to use the official android market front-end to send apps to your virtual device . there are some alternate markets , such as amazon appstore , getjar , slideme , etc . most will require you to download and install their own market app in order to get other apps . if you already have apks of the apps , you should be able to side-load them either via adb shell ( from android sdk ) , or via the bundled package installer by executing the apk from the storage area with some sort of a file system browser ( if included with the build . )
i would suggest looking at alternative input methods ( keyboard apps ) that specifically support portuguese language . i personally used anysoftkeyboard , which does have a portuguese language pack . there are many other similar keyboard apps on the market as well . you might need to get them elsewhere though , since your build most likely does not have the android market access .
navigation has always been a part of the google maps application . the icon was essentially a convenience shortcut , but not a separate app , and was removed around july 2013 in the maps 7.0 update . it is possible you still had the old version of maps on your other rom . either that , or the rom author added some kind of shortcut " app " to re-create the old navigation icon or something of that nature . if you want to use your phone to navigate somewhere , open google maps and type the address in the search bar , then hit the button in the bottom right ( the exact text/icon may vary depending on distance ) . if you really want the separate navigation icon , you could possibly downgrade to a version of maps earlier than 7.0 . a custom launcher could also let you create a shortcut directly to the navigation activity on your desktop , but probably not in the app drawer . apex launcher , for example , can create a shortcut on your home screen by long pressing on an empty space on one of your home screens , then selecting Shortcuts -&gt; Activities -&gt; Maps -&gt; Navigation .
it turns out my probably was solved by something as simple as clearing my cache . which makes me feel pretty stupid , because i should have done that before even bothering to ask . i never suspected this could happen straight out of the box , guess i was wrong .
the icon refers to that contact 's " availability": green : available . you are online and ready to chat . yellow : idle . your status automatically changes to idle when you are away from your computer for 15 minutes . you can not manually select to appear idle red : busy . this lets your contacts know you are busy and do not want to be interrupted grey : signed out of chat , or invisible . if you set your status to invisible , you will appear to be signed out of chat even when you are actually signed in . source : google chat support answer
my motorola droid 2 ( vzw ) has a similar problem . my contacts menu has a " display group " option . this shows several options : create a new group all contacts favorites user created groups facebook contacts google contacts phone contacts as you can see there is no way to specify google contacts that are not " other contacts " except to create my own groups . unfortunately whatever group i show does not become the default group that shows every time i open contacts . i have decided to solve the problem just by using workarounds . for the couple people i call the most i have widgets on the home screen to call that specific person . ( long press home screen -> motorola widgets -> contact quick tasks ) for the next tier of people ( i will call them more than once in a while ) i just use favorites . either long press home screen -> shortcuts -> dialer -> favorites . . . or just hit the call button and choose the favorites tab . when i have to resort to the full contacts listing i just start typing the person 's name and that narrows the list to a manageable size .
sipdroid that i what started with but after researching on it and from developers reviews i found that application has some missing functionality like multiple call and transferring calls etc . . . i do not know but may who is expert in sip stack or have time to do can implement missing functionality but i am neither one of them so my desire to get an application that have all this functionality and by modifying it i can integrate into my application and csipsimple is the answer . however its not easy job to build csipsimple into windows environment but there is hack how to do it . so carefully read its wiki about building project into window environment . according to wiki you can build native library or you can go ahead without building the native library . i suggest for windows user to go with without building the native library . if you have read wiki then in " without building the native library " section last line is like " to get the . so files , download latest nightly build from nightly build website and unpack the apk file ( apk files are just zip files ) . then get lib/arch/ . so files and copy it into csipsimple libs/arch/ . so " i have to clarify one important thing about that : first get . apk file of csipsimple . the version of . apk file must same to download version of your csipsimple source code . . here , you can see the source code version . download the same version . apk and do further as described in wiki .
1 ) go to phone app 2 ) tap overflow menu ( triple verticle dots ) > settings 3 ) tap quick responses
the folders are already there , by default your inbox is shown , while inside your inbox , choose menu => folders and you will see a list of all your corporate folders . pick one to switch to viewing it .
you have to remove the automatically added server " hermes . jabber . org " . just leave the field empty . see https://dev.guardianproject.info/issues/2803
the required part of a kernel . zip file looks like this : META-INF com google android update-binary updater-script  you will also want to have the kernel zImage file somewhere else , easiest if you just have it in the root of the archive . updater-script contains the following at minimum ( assumes zImage in the root ) : assert(package_extract_file("zImage", "/tmp/zImage"); write_raw_image("/tmp/zImage", "/dev/block/mmcblk0p8"); delete("/tmp/zImage") );  you can also do things like show a progress bar , print messages , wipe /cache , and so on . you will want to grab update-binary from another kernel package for the sgs2 . one at random is attached to this xda post . i tested this method on my sgs vibrant without issue , using a kernel from an odin package and an update-binary from another vibrant kernel . zip . note that this is perfectly safe as long as you are writing to the correct partition -- for the vibrant it was bml17 , for the sgs2 it appears to be mmcblk0p5 ( based on the kernel from xda i linked above ) or mmcblk0p8 if you are flashing an entire boot image ( see comments below ) . you will want to verify it for sure . worst case your kernel does not work and you flash a known good one .
go into the gmail app . from the overflow menu ( the three dots in the corner ) , choose settings . in the settings window , choose the gmail account you are using . ( if you have more than one account , do the following for each in turn . ) notifications is the third option down . turning it off will disable mail notifications . in general , you should look for a notification setting inside the app first , and use the settings app 's show notifications option as a last resort for apps that will not behave . if you disable notifications within an app , it can save battery power by not creating the notification at all , and possibly by turning off some background syncing in that app . if you use android 's override , the app still fetches all the data and creates the notification , which wastes battery power when android throws the notification away . as a footnote , i guess that the reason you can not find gmail in the apps list is that you are looking in the list of downloaded apps . that list does not show apps that came with the phone . swipe right twice from that list to see the list of all apps , which includes gmail . you can also get to the app info quickly by long-pressing a notification from that app and clicking app info .
afaik , mostly port 1-1024 on android phone are reserved for system , so the application other than system must use port > 1024 . i never use telnet , but i used ssh frequently to remote my phone , i use ssh server on phone using http://teslacoilsw.com/quicksshd maybe you can use ssh as an alternative to telnet .
what you describe is a mix of multiple problems . first , your apps becoming " unavailable " is most likely due to apps2sd being used , and you installed those on your sd card . see : how to undo apps2sd second thing is your card itself ( hardware , the " thing you put inside your device" ) . if it goes broke that often , this rises some hardware related questions . most likely possibilities : your card is broken your devices card adapter is broken something with your card controller is broken you can check 1 . easily in different ways : a . check whether your card causes problems in other devices b . check whether other cards cause the same problems with your sgs if ( a but not b ) => use a new card ( case 1 . ) if ( b but not a ) => have your device checked ( for either 2 . or 3 . ) . hopefully you have got some warranty left . other useful q and as on this site which might prove helpful to you include ( but are not limited to ) : why has my micro sd card suddenly stopped working in my samsung galaxy siii ? micro sd card physically damaged ? how to fix damaged sd card ? fix a damaged microsd card ?
it does not matter where you put them . a convenient place usually is the ( internal or external ) sd card , where you simply could create a Photos folder , and extract your photos to . the gallery app simply checks the devices media database , it does not check the directories directly . this database gets fed by the so-called media scanner , which gets triggered by different system events , such as immediately after a completed boot , or whenever the sd card gets mounted . this is why you do not see the extracted images immediately . see my answer here for how to trigger it " on demand " ( hint : for kitkat , try the sd scanner app ) .
if your network is correctly setup , and both devices are on the same network then you can ping an android device just fine . i have just tested it on my office network . if your network administrator has configured the network such that devices can not ping each other , then obviously it will not work . similarly , it probably will not work if your phone is on mobile data , since most carriers do not allow incoming pings to devices on their network . connecting the device with usb makes no difference at all : pinging is a network operation , so it goes over the network connecting the two devices .
i believe it closes the popup alert but leaves the message marked unread , whereas the close button ( the X ) will mark it as read and close the popup . edit : this seems to be supported by this comment from their website .
i found this page on google 's support site which states the following about restoring your phone 's settings during the initial setup : " important : if you want to restore your settings , you must do that now during setup . you can’t restore data after setup is complete . " based on this , i am guessing there is no way to restore my account data at this point , short of doing a factory reset on the phone and starting over ( undesirable at this point ) . i would love to be wrong though .
the little arrow with the - means that you have status bar notifications disabled , which is why you are no longer seeing them . if you pull down the notification shade and then swipe the buttons to the right ( i believe it is to the right anyway , check both directions ) there should be a toggle to re-enable them :
try deleting it from your google contacts . if it is not in your google contacts , it probably came from another source , like facebook or twitter . you should also be able to hide contacts that do not have a phone number , so as a last ditch effort , that may be good enough for you .
" how do i know if i have busybox ? " open terminal emulator and type " busybox " . if it gives you a giant list of command options , it is installed . if it says " command not found " , it is not . edit rather than putting this in the comments : you could also try su to become root followed by busybox , busybox --version , busybox --help or anything that will give you some feedback and some clues as to what is going on .
i had the same problem , tried cleaning cache and data with no result . so i went in settings > applications > manage apps > all , picked the download manager and " uninstalled the updates " . it told me the app would reset to factory settings , and when i started the phone again , it was running marketplace 3.4.4 and i managed to update and install apps normally after that . disclaimer : i only tried that because i planed to do a factory reset if i broke everything . i do not guarantee the results .
short answer : yes , it is possible . different techniques can be used for this purpose ( some of them are described e.g. in andrew hoog 's book android forensics : investigation , analysis and mobile security for google android ) . it especially gets easy when usb debugging is turned on . long answer : please forgive me if i do not give this . just a hint : there are exploits , and there are custom recovery images . . .
the root method in the link is not compatible with android 4.0.4 . before you root - be sure you know what you are doing . to root the lucid 4g on 4.0.4 you can try the following method : http://theunlockr.com/2013/06/16/how-to-root-the-lg-lucid-4g-bin4ry-method/ but choose " xperia root by cubeundcube " instead of " normal mode "
no . it comes with a couple small booklets ( see this androidspin post for example images ) but not the full user guide . ( also see this howardforums post answering your question ) .
accuweather has two apps that give you " realfeel " - accuweather and accuweather quick .
the samsung n5110 is the galaxy note 8 . the " espresso10wifi " is a galaxy tab 2 10.1 ( your device ) . it is not flashing because you are flashing the wrong file for your device .
got it fixed :d with thanks to izzy and chahk i did a lot of things so i am not sure if i write down every step i took , but i hope it will help other users someday . this is what i did . restore manger install a restore manager ( twrp/clockworkmod ) . i used twrp which i installed by using windroid universal htc toolkit : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2499926 ( if you still have a working rom , backup this now by booting in recovery mode ) flash rom check in cmd if your device is recognized with " adb devices " . if not try " adb kill-server " followed by " adb usb " . check again with " adb devices " . if recognized use " adb push cm-10.2.1-enrc2b . zip /sdcard/" ( or your own rom-name . zip ) flash kernel now you should flash your kernel , not like how i did it at the beginning . " fastboot flash boot boot . img " in cmd . ( check first if your device is visible with " fastboot devices " . extra tip install playstore with gapps or manually by moving " gmscore . apk + googleloginservice . apk " + " googleservicesframework . apk " to /system/app/ and run a playstore . apk ( in my case " com . android . vending-4.6.16 . apk" )
you can do this with adb ( android debug bridge ) . enable " usb debugging " on the phone ( settings > applications > development > usb debugging ) type adb reboot in a terminal in the directory where you installed adb platform-tools
usually a bug is exploited to temporarily get a chosen process running as root , that is used to remount the file system read write , either startup scripts are changed and/or suid binaries added , then the file systems are synced and remounted read only again and likely the device is rebooted . you do not normally want to have the system partition writable on an android device , even when rooted - you only make it writable on the rare occasions when you are changing it . edit-summary of comments : it appears that /system on this device is cramfs , an inherently read-only compressed file system . likely a modified image would need to be generated on a pc and then flashed . search result for dealing with this problem on rockchip based devices : http://www.androidtablets.net/forum/rockchip-based/439-how-unpack-repack-custom-firmwares-rockchip-rk28xx.html
the emulator is a program on your computer like any other . the program can connect to the internet in just the same way firefox can . in particular , this means it makes no difference what kind of connection the host is using . from inside the emulator , there is a ' fake ' network driver . it appears to android like a mobile internet connection , but instead of communicating with a cellular modem , it is actually using the usual network api of your host os to send and receive data , just like firefox . it also does emulator-specific things like simulating packet loss .
looks like a damaged lcd that is slowly " leaking out . " overheating could definitely be the culprit , as could the drop . although damage from the drop is usually accompanied with a visible crack . most likely it was the combination of the two . the fact that the phone booted up and is ( sort-of ) functional leads me to believe that replacing the lcd assembly would fix it . there are plenty of replacements to be had on ebay for up to usd$100 . i would go for the ldc+digitizer combination , even though the glass itself looks intact . there are simply too many issues with properly separating lcd from the glass that could cause you to break both and spend even more money . it is definitely doable on your own , provided you have some basic tools . there are videos on youtube with great walkthoughs to help you along the way : probably most detailed ( even though it is not on gt-i9100 , but on other modification of sgs2 ) ; some others specifically on gt-i9100 . a guide at ifixit can be also helpful .
there is no official way to install a " pure android " rom : the only official rom is that provided by the manufacturer . as sameer says in the comments , you can disable bloatware apps from the settings , with almost the same effect as uninstalling them . if you want to start from a clean slate , you should look for an aosp-based custom ( unofficial ) rom . although they are not always as reliable as the manufacturer 's rom , because they are made by third-party volunteers , for the more popular devices with better manufacturer support they can be very reliable and even better tuned than the original rom . start your search at where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ?
root access or superuser is an apk that resides in /system/app . if you remove it with the rest of the apps , you lose root . as a possible workaround , you can try to run : &gt; adb root &gt; adb shell  and see if the shell that adb opens is $ ( normal user ) or # ( root ) . if you are logged as a normal user , i am afraid you will need to reinstall root in your phone . also , /system/app is like C:\Windows or /bin ( in linux ) , if you remove the files there , do not expect the device to run , as it will not have the necessary files to do so .
you are in stock recovery , not cwm recovery . cwm recovery does not verify signatures . you either failed to install the recovery properly , or you need to hit " install packages " or similar from the stock recovery in order to get into cwm .
there is no tool with this feature . but it is possible to crop the picture in the gallery .
if you signed up for 2-step verification , you may need to enter an application-specific password in place of your regular account password . you can generate an application-specific password when you are authorizing access to your google account . this process takes a few minutes , and you only need to do it once per application or device . note : for android devices running 4.0 or higher , you do not need an application-specific password and only need to submit your username and password . you will be directed to another page where you can enter a one-time six-digit code . to check if 2-step verification is on or off , visit https://www.google.com/settings/ .
dice player can go up to 1.8x .
the only way rooting can gain you battery time is if you can uninstall an app that is using a lot of power , and which you can not uninstall without rooting ( i.e. . it is something that shipped with the device ) . i do not know what is on your device , but judging from what i have seen on my droid 3 , there is not likely to be any noticeable change in battery life . on the plus side , if you root the device , you will have the option to get rid of any junk that was pre-installed and thereby not have to see all the update notices for stuff that you will never use and which wants more and more permissions with every update .
there is no way to get at this activity other than through a settings shortcut . the code for it can be found here on github , and if you search the repository for the NotificationStation class you will find all the entry points for it : in this case , only the shortcut intent filter in the manifest . if you examine the code you will also see there is no way to remove old notifications from the list : as you can see in the screenshot , the greyed-out notifications are those you have dismissed from the ' normal ' notification tray . however , this class is mainly intended as a demo . android 4.3 adds support for any application ( with the appropriate permission ) to access and display the list of notifications . for example , a third-party launcher might want to show them , an app might want to show all notifications in a pop-up window ios-style , a live wallpaper or daydream could respond to them graphically , or a utility might analyse your phone use from the notifications ( something like tasker could trigger actions based on notifications appearing or being dismissed ) . because this is a new feature , and 4.3 is not on many devices yet , it'll be a while before third-party developers invest the time needed to offer these features , but you will not have to wait long .
as i have mentioned in the comments already ( and which harbichidian thankfully approved ) , this can be done using tasker : condition : state → docked task : ( put something here you want to be done when placing the device in dock , or substitute some dummy like " variable set : %dummy = 1" ) exit task : media control → pause there might be several other approaches to this . i still hold tasker being at least one of the better solutions ( if not even the best ) is you can do so much more with it . just check the questions tagged " tasker " , or follow the links in our tasker tag-wiki to get an idea .
you can use tpacketcapture to route your traffic through a local vpn . the app will then write a log which you can open with wireshark on your desktop and analyze data flow . it will not allow you to see which app sent which packet , but this is as good as it gets without root . although there is a pro version available which allows you to filter out applications .
try directly this if link is originated from an app for android to handle : market://details?id=&lt;package_name&gt; notice : there is no domain and host .
gps logger suits all your needs ( 2 is an option you can turn on )
according to this , you need an external app and you need to root the phone . some other solutions shared in a google code issue thread . update : using gesture search , i entered " proxy " and got to the proxy settings on my droid . do not know how to get there otherwise , and do not know if it actually works , but there you go . ( someone else mentioned it in that google thread . )
droid2bootstrap . apk was able to root it
the app only changes the settings , so it does not matter which gps code the rom has . all the custom roms i know of use gps code from samsung anyways . one note : this will fix very few people 's problems . the factory settings cause most of the problems , so restoring will probably hurt more than help . it is possible that the new 2.2 releases will fix some issues , however , and in that case it is probably better to use whatever settings samsung tested with the new gps code , i.e. the settings gpsrestore uses .
download and install the google calendar from the market . source .
the playstore app usually uses /data/local to temporarily store .apk files while downloading , then installs them from there , and finally removes the temporary download-file ( which then went to /data/app ) . the /data/local directory should be readable by all processes ( so no root needed to list its contents ) , as it is used as a kind of " temporary directory " for a lot of things ( you might think of it as a " misnamed " /tmp directory ) . this directory should be " cleaned up " on reboot 1 , so your issue might rather be a broken .apk in /data/app . a new install should solve this anyway . i further recommend using appmonster pro -- yes , the pro version : on each install/update it grabs the .apk file of the installed/updated app and stores away a copy . so in cases like this , you could simply grab a previous version and install it over . just for completeness : there seem to be more such " temporary directories " on android devices . investigating a dump from a stock 2.2 motorola milestone 2 , i e.g. also found /data/download . different devices might use other directories additionally . but that should not affect your playstore question . 1 i can only base this on one of my devices ( motorola milestone 2 , stock android 2.2 ) , where i extracted a nandroid backup stored on my pc . there the init.rc file ( which is called during the boot process ) a.o. contains the following : easy to see : the /data/local directory is created during the boot , which suggests it being empty at this point . same is valid btw . for /data/download
first , wimax and 4g are completely separate . wimax already has real-world implementation , whereas 4g does not ; 4g is still in development . second , 3g lte is also completely separate from 4g . lte also has real-world implementation . a 3g lte phone can only operate at 4g speeds if it has hardware capable of it . the manufacturer will undoubtedly advertise this , so it should not be hard to find out . i know of no current phones that can do true 4g , which makes sense given that 4g does not really exist yet . the same applies for " regular " 3g phones working at lte speeds . the samsung vibrant , for example , works on t-mobile 's " fake 4g " network with slightly improved speeds , but does not take full advantage of it . the vibrant 4g , however , does take full advantage of the higher speeds . currently , cell providers in the us and elsewhere are referring to various 3g technologies including lte , hspa+ , etc . as "4g " when they are not actually 4g . examples of 4g networks in development are lte advanced ( based on 3g lte ) and wirelessman-advanced ( based on wimax ) . speed requirements for 4g service set the peak download speed at 100 mbit/s for high mobility communication ( such as from trains and cars ) and 1 gbit/s for low mobility communication ( such as pedestrians and stationary users ) . 3g lte and wimax do not meet these speed requirements . the wikipedia page on 4g is quite informative .
to import a vcf : copy the vcf to your phone , then contacts > import/export to view hidden contacts : contacts > more > display options , you have the option of displaying " only contacts with phones " and under " choose contacts to display " you can choose to view or hide contacts based on their source . perhaps your contacts are hidden because they are stored in your phone , but you do not check " phone " under " choose contacts to display " disclaimer : i use froyo ( 2.2 ) so the menu name might be different .
is there something wrong with cyanogenmod ? what you want is the stock version of android samsung put on the phone , there is no revert as it was deleted when you put cyanogen . as you dont seem to have a copy i would go to samsung support site or you will have to trust another source on the net and download it there . this would be another great community resource for your phone http://forum.xda-developers.com/forumdisplay.php?f=1156
you can use a logcat viewer , such as logcat reader ( i have found that one works well ) , and just scroll back through the logs until the time in question . a less precise solution would be to go to settings > about phone > battery use and that will tell you what has been using most of your battery .
from google 's mobile privacy policy : for products and services with voice recognition capabilities , we collect and store a copy of the voice input you make to the product or service and corrections you make to the returned recognition result . to improve processing of your voice input , we may also continuously record in temporary memory a few seconds of ambient background noise . this recording stays only temporarily on the device and is not sent to google . if you choose to personalize voice recognition , we will associate your voice data with your google account .
a hard reset gave me the solution . .
in addition to the well-known titanium backup app ( for which you must purchase the pro key to unlock the cwm/twrp nandroid backup support ) , there is another app now : nandroid manager , which according to its description can restore apps from nandroid backups even with the free version ( there is a pro key too , but it is required if you want to restore special data such as wi-fi access points , bluetooth data , user dictionary and browser data ) . however , i did not try using this app .
are you trying to access the market from a home screen shortcut or from the app drawer ? updates can sometimes break shortcuts so try to open it from the app drawer . another thing you can try is to reset market data from Settings -> Applications -> Manage applications -> All -> Market -> Clear data and Clear cache .
the latest update of the nook color software version 1.4.1 allows you to change the default pdf reader . after the upgrade open a pdf and then a pop up box will appear allowing you to choose which application you want as the default pdf reader .
download google play store here [ http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1996995 ] . install it from file manager by clicking apk file . convert to system app via titaniumbackup if you have already bought it as this feature is only available in pro version . or use this app [ https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=de.j4velin.systemappmover ] which is free . you can also move to /system/app folder manually and then set the right permission [ and generate odex file ] but using app to convert app to system app is safer option .
it is possible to send emails to sms inboxes . but you can not send a sms to an email inbox given you do not have an internet connection . you must already know that emails require internet connectivity . as you asked , sms gateways can be used to send and receive smses provided you are subscribed to a sms line via a Direct-to-mobile or a Direct-to SMS gateway . simply put , you cannot use this functionality with your normal sim card , if you are willing to do it in an offline method . read more about sms gateways in wikipedia . on a side note , if you can go online ( say mobile data ) , you can do this by way of a mms . all you have to do is to send the mms to the desired email address . some of the gateway addresses for email to sms are listed below . alltel : phonenumber@message . alltel . com at and t : phonenumber@txt . att .nett-mobile : phonenumber@tmomail .netvirgin mobile : phonenumber@vmobl . com sprint : phonenumber@messaging . sprintpcs . com verizon : phonenumber@vtext . com nextel : phonenumber@messaging . nextel . com us cellular : phonenumber@mms . uscc .netkeep in mind that most of the networks tend to block and/or alter their gateways once the traffic is considerably high , as this method is widely used by spammers .
i have just released an open source svn client that uses actual svn protocol . . . it is called oasvn ( open android svn ) you can get it on the play market here : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.valleytg.oasvn.android does svn checkout , update , commit , export , cleanup and revert . more to come soon . more information and source are here : http://www.valleytg.com jira for requests : http://www.valleytg.com/jira
get an on-screen keyboard with arrow keys , such as hacker 's keyboard . i use it as a secondary input method , it is not so suitable to all situations but can quickly be switched from the long-press menu .
you can try greenify it freezes the app when you are not explicitly using it . there is an experimental feature to make it work without root but i did not try it since my phone is rooted . there is also disable service that can disable single services . it requires root access .
i have never used it but i remember reading about key ring rewards cards . try that and see what you think . edit : i also tried searching the market for " loyalty cards " and came up with this list of apps . i was going to specifically name some but as i have not tried them i thought it best that i just give you the list . seems there are quite a few that will help you manage your cards
i figured it out . it was the kernel that came with liquid smooth rom . the kernel developer , chevyno1 ( of simply stunning mod ) , disabled logging in the kernel . i switched to a different kernel by jdlfg and logging immediately turned on with the next boot .
i found this discussion at modaco about the issue . it includes cards that people have tried and found to work . the generally consensus seems to be that sandisk 16 gb class 2 cards work . kingston 16 gb class 4 worked for a couple people , but not for another until they tried deleting everything on it via windows xp . i personally would not go lower than a class 4 card , and i am partial to kingston .
a new version of the app came out today ( 2.2.0.233662 ) with " numerous bug fixes " mentioned in the " what is new " text . this apparently is one of the fixes . everything is back to normal now .
there is no alternative for kies . kies is the only offical way to update samsung 's android devices . to unofficially flash/update samsung devices odin ( for windows ) and heimdall ( for linux ) are the de facto standard . these two a very reliable .
in android notification settings can be configured on a per-app basis . most apps give you control over sound and vibration settings . these can be overridden with the global " ring mode " setting located under menu -> system -> sound . changing the gmail notifications will not impact hangouts , facebook , or other apps . furthermore , in gmail app you can have different notification settings for each account ( and even per each synced label within each account ) : in gmail , tap on the menu button , go to settings , and tap on your google account . tap on " inbox sound and vibrate " option . set the sound and vibration preferences to your liking , and exit the settings page .
this nexus one user manual seems to be basically the same document as you linked , but specific to that phone and android 2.1 . since the nexus one was a " pure " android experience , the vast majority of the document should cover what you are looking for . ( that link seems dead , but this link from the internet archive wayback machine seems to be working . )
did you try " volume up + menu button + power button " ? that should get you to recovery mode and you should have an option there to factory reset your phone .
i eventually just stopped using the app . not worth my headache . thanks for the help .
beyondpod supports feed authentication . i use the pro version which costs $7 , but if you choose not to go pro there are only a few limitations . the free lite version should still handle authentication .
keepscreen can let you choose some applications and select a specific screen timeout for each of them . so you could just set the clock application with the " no timeout " option .
yes , connecting to a peap-mschapv2 network with 1.6 is not possible due to a lack in the network manager . after an upgrade to 2.1 or 2.2 it is possible . alternatively you might want to root the device and enter your login credentials in your wpa_supplicant.conf file manually .
these are the steps i took on my htc desire running android version 2.2 to delete all calendar data , and in turn the pc sync calendar : on the phone , open settings > applications > manage applications click the “all” tab at the top of the screen scroll down and tap the calendar storage application tap the “clear data” button , and confirm you’d like to proceed . now all the calendar data is gone from the phone , running your sync processes again to populate only the calendars you want on your phone .
problem solved . i deactivated hangouts and now it works fine .
in order to change the notification sound on the gmail app you can do the following : open the gmail app and press the menu button ( the one to the left of the home button ) press settings and then choose the email address ( not general settings ) touch the word " inbox sound and vibrate " click " sound " then there is a popup for the choice of notification sound you want for your email . for go sms pro : press the same menu button settings advanced notification settings default notification settings select ringtone
you could try an app like wallswitch , which can be set to change your wallpaper every time you unlock the device or on a timer . i do not know that there is a way to tell it to pull from " the gallery " in general , but you can just specify that you want to pull from the folders your gallery images are in ( works out effectively the same ) .
seems that i finally fixed the issue , but i wanted to wait few days to be sure . first i tried to reflash my phone again , but without wiping my data partition ( so i could keep my apps and settings intact ) . this did not worked , so i fully flashed again my phone 's firmware ( i was ussing only official firmwares , from sony ) but after a day when my phone 's gps worked fine , the issue reappeared . finally i downloaded the same version of the firmware , but for another region ( i was using a firmware made for brazilian market , now i am using the one for europe ) and this seems to work . gps starts everytime when requested . i am not really sure where the issue was , but if someone else encounter this issue - maybe you could give my solution a try .
yes you can . both sim can be used for internet and voice calls . you can also select which sim can be used for internet and which can be used for voice calls . the settings can be found under Settings-&gt; Wireless &amp; networks .
check your androidmanifest . xml and see if you have below prezented : there is no button for tablets : ) you have to make it available for that type of screen . hope this helps .
unfortunately , the nfc technology in mobile devices is ever-so-slightly different from rfid tech , making most cards unreadable . i was trying for the longest time to read hid cards on my phone , but i could never make it work . some cards are readable , depending on the frequency in which they operate . i can not remember off the top of my head what those are , however . this app on play will read all the cards that your nfc chip technologically is compatible with : nfc tag info according to the developer , that app can read mifare classic cards .
the limit is actually placed on virtual size of the downloaded area . the upper limit is approximately 80mb of data , and the lower limit is smaller than maps displays , somewhere below 100kb , equivalent to around . 6 square miles . here is one place that mentions the 80mb limit . in my own testing , i was able to download up to 87mb of data , which is approximately 5625 square miles . this may have been coincidence , but in my testing , the allowable size ranged from a square . 75 miles on a side to a square 75 miles on a side .
thin styluses are usually for resistive screens , they do not work with droid x 's capacitive screen . the difference between capacitive and resistive touchscreens
it looks like this can be done on just about any device with the caveat that your device needs to be rooted and you need to be willing to poke around in your system 's framework-res.apk file . these instructions come from a post on xda with a modification intended to lower the brightness , but scaling in the opposite direction would make it brighter : here is a guide on how to perform this mod on any framework-res . apk using apk manager ( thanks for the guide goes to desean ) : download apk manager and unpack somewhere grab framework-res . apk from your phone under \system\framework\ ( e . g . adb pull ) and place it in the " place-apk-here-for-modding " folder run script . bat and select option 9 once done , go to projects\framework-res . apk\res\values\arrays . xml and edit your values as per first post . once edited , compile the apk using option 11 qn : is this a system apk . ans : y qn : aside from the signatures , would . . . . least . ans : y prompt : in the apk manager folder u'll find a keep folder . . . . . done then press enter on this script . press any key to continue . . . you have to go to " keep " folder and delete resources . arsc because arrays . xml have been changed . after this you can press any key in apk manager window . once done , input 22 in apk manager and select " unsignedframework-res . apk " by entering the number that stands for it . after selecting it you should see in apk main window in the top right corner " current-app : unsignedframework-res . apk " . now press 5 to zipalign apk . you will find your completed , zipaligned apk under place-apk-here-for-modding\unsignedframework-res . apk . rename it back to framework-res . apk and adb push the file back to your phone the arrays . xml file should have a section like the below if your device supports auto-brightness : basically , the values are ordered based on detected light from the sensor , with the top value being " lowest light " and the bottom value being " highest light " . the values correspond to lcd brightness on a scale from 1 to 255 , with 255 being full brightness . you could therefore scale up all of the low light values to be brighter if you wanted .
just for reference of others , here is some background on the . ab file format . the android backup ( * . ab ) file is a compressed tar file . it is compressed using the deflate algorithm . on top of that , there can be aes encryption used . this is determined when you create the backup , if you enter a password then the backup is encrypted , otherwise ; there is no encryption , it is only compressed . the header of the file is a little different then a normal delfate archive . it contains information about the backup and looks like the following : ANDROID BACKUP 1 1 none  the first line is the " magic " line . the next line is the version of the android backup file format . the next line is a boolean ( true or false , 1 or 0 ) indicating if the file is compressed . the last line is the type of encryption . this example is not using any encryption . if there was a password , the line would read " aes-256" . after that is the encryption cypher . if no password , then the deflate " archive " starts . it is compressed using the java deflater . which , from a developers perspective , causes issues if you want to use anything besides java to extract it . i have not been able to find anything that can deflate it using the same algorithm , even though all that i have found ( for like c# ) are supposed to follow the " spec " . with that said , there is an open source project under the apache 2.0 license , written by nikolay elenkov that will allow you to extract the . ab in to a tar file . usage : java -jar abe.jar unpack &lt;backup.ab&gt; &lt;backup.tar&gt; &lt;password&gt;  if you are not sure how to really use that ( which is beyond the scope of this answer ) the next version of droid explorer v0.8.8.7 ( available here ) will allow you to do exactly this , and more , right from explorer . you can read more about the features on my blog ( yes , i know , shameless plug . i do that when it fits the question )
assisted gps is a system which can improve the startup performance of a gps satellite-based positioning system . wikipedia has your best answer .
applications often have a restore in-app purchase option in the settings . other applications may ask you to " buy again " the item , but you are not actually spending any money again . it is often mentioned how you can restore your purchases in the application 's description on google play or in the help category of the application ( if any ) . you can always contact the developer for more information . ( note that we are talking about non-consumables purchases , it means purchases that are permanently associated with one 's google account . more information . )
you can use any standard midi keyboard with your device . ( src ) there are several keyboards with korg and roland . choice of the device is all yours . but unfortunately there are reports that your nanopad is not working with this as you asked in your original question . ( src ) you may want to verify that with the manufacturer first , before you go for a new one . once you have a standard midi device ( which does not require driver installations ) , you can use apps like usb midi monitor or grand piano note : you can try ebay for good solutions . visit a local music store and check compatibility before you buy as izzy suggested
according tho this post , that feature was removed as of version 5.10 of google maps app because it was never properly working .
on the app details page , you can scroll to the bottom of the page . you will find a link under permissions saying " view details " . that will open a popup page that will display all the permission categories with expanded view and list all the permissions the app needs , including the new ones required with " new " tag .
android will not run anything from the app as soon as you install it . an app can only set alarms , register broadcast receivers , etc . after the first time you run it manually , for example by : launching one of its activities from the launcher clicking open in the play store app creating a home screen or lock screen widget provided by this app starting it from another app ( via a share action or the like ) this is not a complete list , but it should be pretty obvious what actions start the app . if you have not started the app , it can not have run yet , unless the author is able to exploit a bug in android that no one else knows about . this is very different to the situation on desktop oses . in windows and most gnu/linux package managers , installing an application consists of running code provided by the app author . in contrast , android is designed to limit what apps can do . android itself installs the package by reading its manifest , which tells android the name of the package and what components it contains . android unpacks the app 's files to its own private directory in internal storage , without running any code provided by the app . if the app wants to do any further setup ( such as performing an anti-piracy check , or getting you to sign into a server ) , it can only do this when you first run the app .
your confusion is most likely caused by the way the playstore handles installs/updates . they are first downloaded and stored in internal storage ( not on sdcard , but /data/local ) , then the app is to be installed on the same partition ( /data/data/app.package.name ) -- only after that the download can be deleted . in your case , this would mean a 12m download , which then needs to be unpacked ( at least another 12m , or rather more ) -- which could sum up to 30m or more . a safety margin needs to be kept to keep the device from crashing -- so you get the " insufficient storage " error . see also : package install via market sometimes fails and gives seemingly random error message
the answer is usually " no . " the framework changes introduced with manufacturers ' ui overlays ( samsung 's touchwiz in the case of your galaxy s ii ) most likely make the stock apps like phone , contacts , calendar , etc . incompatible with custom roms like cyanogenmod rom that are based on aosp ( android open source project ) .
es can read/write to protected folders , you just have to enable it in your settings . open the settings menu ( press the menu button , then select " settings" ) and find the " root settings " item , then enable " root explorer " ( operate with root permission ) and " mount file system " ( allow writing to /system ) . alternatively , many devices/android versions should allow you to simply put the bootanimation . zip file into /data/local instead of /system/media . you will not need a root explorer for this since /data/local is world writable . this does not work on all roms , though . screenshots for the es settings :
ok , this answer does not get to the root cause or the " why it happened " but the issue is now resolved . it may help others if their purchased applications are suddenly not available on google play for installation on a new device . i received an notification to update my android firmware and reboot . i followed the instructions , went into google play and my purchased items were now available . i can not explain why , they just were .
short answer there is no such thing as " randomly break " , phone owners tend to use or make up terms to disguise their ineffectiveness to explain what happened , or as an excuse to avoid saying " i broke my phone " . common factors leading to the glass or the display damage are , but not limited to : manufacturer fault , a damage batch ; device falling or getting tossed ; user sat down with the device in his back pocket . keep reading as to better understand the misleading information found on the mentioned forums ! clear some ideas randomly break there is no such thing like " randomly break " , every device that physically breaks has a cause behind . faulty software the software is not responsible for the device physical damage , the software interacts and allows the usage of the hardware . every software that directly interacts with the hardware has built in fail-safes to prevent abuses . take the example of a battery charge , when you are charging the system may present you with a message informing that the charge process was interrupted to prevent heat damage to the device . glass or display while users tend to call screen and say " my screen is broken " , they should actually be specific enough as to clarify if the glass is broken or the display module is broken . the two are very distinct , carrying different reasons as to why they may have broken . why would a glass or display module break ? the glass the motorola droid razr maxx comes equipped with a gorilla® glass . despite the heavy promotion that its indestructible , there is no truth to that . this glass enables your device to resist damage like scrapes , bumps and drops , from the abuses that come with everyday use . a small drop in the right angle can shred the glass due to the force propagation within the impact point to the remaining of the device : e.g. , take a 22 inches fall , is just over 4 times the height of the phone . comparing this to a human been , could the average 6' tall person survive a fall of over 24' without breaking in some way ? on the other hand , a battery dilatation due to excessive heat will never cause the glass to break . way before that , the plastic casing would crack , some components could even melt , and eventually the glass would fell off , lying on the floor shining like a brand new one : ) from the corning® gorilla® glass - faqs : can i break gorilla glass ? if subjected to enough abuse , gorilla glass can break . however , gorilla glass is better able to survive the real-world events that most commonly cause glass to scratch , chip , or break . the display schematic of an active matrix oled display the motorola droid razr maxx comes equipped with motorola 's super amoled advanced . while the glass is designed and used with one specific purpose , the protection of the display from scrapes , bumps and drops , the display can be affected from other directions , not just by its front . if a phone falls and hits the ground by its corner , the glass has no effect protecting the display . the phone casing may not be sufficient to absorve the impact , and the resulting force from the impact may damage or even crack the display . the display is actually more sensitive than the remaining components of a mobile device . prevent damaging the display or glass the best way to prevent damage to the device , either by accident or by careless handling during use are : avoid charging the device while exposed to heat or direct sunlight . protect it with an exterior rubber casing , to absorb the impact force generated when it falls . if carried closely with hard objects , consider using a device casing , preferably made of leather or any other robust material to prevent damage from bumps . do not carry the phone inside tight jeans or in your back pocket . your natural movements or if you sit down , may exercise overwhelming force into the device .
the snapshot option speeds up the boot of the emulator by saving a snapshot of its ram once it has booted , and restoring from that snapshot on future uses . that way , it does not have to run the boot process ( which is slow , because it is emulated ) every time you start the emulator . the use host gpu option uses the host computer 's opengl implementation ( which is probably hardware-accelerated , on your real gpu ) to evaluate opengl commands inside the emulated system . put another way , when a program inside the emulator uses opengl for graphics operations , the work goes out to your real gpu , and the result goes back into the emulator , instead of emulating a gpu ( which is very slow ) . the result is a significant speed-up , especially when you consider that most view and canvas drawing uses opengl in android ≥ 4 , even in non-graphics apps . you can not have both options turned on at once .
cyanogenmod roms are multilingual and you can select the language the first time your phone boots or in System settings--&gt;Language &amp; input--&gt;Language ( ics 4.0.4 ) at any time . i can say it supports all languages in the world from the far east to south america including right to left languages like farsi .
if you are looking to buy a cable that you can use to attach a usb keyboard to that connector , then everywhere i have seen calls it something like a " 30-pin samsung socket " , and the cables are called something like " 30-pin to usb otg adapter cable " or " usb otg adapter cable for samsung galaxy tab 2 " , eg examples on amazon . com , or on ebay . com . samsung themselves either seem to avoid naming the port when they are selling their official adapters and cables that plug into it , or just call it a "30 pin": " galaxy tab adapters " or " galaxy tab™ data cable ( charging ) usb to 30 pin "
you could try elixir 2 . it lets you add different kinds of toggle widgets , including mute widgets .
is it swiftkey ? swiftkey brings the future of text entry to smartphones . it uses touchtype’s breakthrough fluency™ technology to predict the next word you want to type , before you even press a key . [ . . . ] swiftkey doesn’t just predict regular words – it learns as you type and remembers how you write . as words and sentences are chosen over time , its fluency™ engine creates a dynamic understanding of your writing style to boost the accuracy , fluency and speed of prediction .
i found a solution in this answer in the xda forum . to generalize and hopefully be of use to others , the key point seems to be that even if you think you have the right rom for the right device , it might be that your particular model has very slight differences . in my case , if i understand correctly , i was using roms built for the gt-i9100 model of the samsung galaxy s2 . however , the device issued in japan , the sc-02c , has some very slight differences . so , i needed to get be more particular about which software i downloaded .
in this situation you have two options , which i would try in the given order : safe mode boot into safe mode ( details for what safe mode is and how to boot your device into safe mode can be found in the article how to boot android 4.1+ into safe mode : method 1: hold down power button until the power-menu pops up press and hold the " restart " option in the dialog box , select " safe mode " and hit " ok " method 2: reboot your device hold the vol+ and vol- buttons at the same time to enter safe mode . a " safe mode " watermark in the lower left corner tells you you have been successful . obviously , you had have to chose method 2 as your device will not power up normally . now , while in safe mode , change the " developer options " back to normal . then do a normal reboot to leave safe mode . hint : if your device sticks in safe mode , power down and remove the battery for a few minutes . then re-insert the battery , and the device should boot up normally . factory reset as a last resort , you can do a factory reset . be aware that this will delete all your data , plus the apps you have installed yourself ( i.e. . the pre-installed apps will not be touched ; your sdcard should also remain untouched ) . as your device still is unable to boot up normally , you can reset it via the recovery menu . check your device 's manual for how to boot into recovery ; on many devices , this is done by holding the vol+ and power buttons pressed simultaneously until the device booted up to recovery . other devices may use different combinations ; so either try a few , try google search , or search our site for it . of course you can ask it in a separate question if you are still out of look ; )
there is a single list of contacts . but smartphones allow many different contact providers ( google contacts , facebook , sim card , internal phone contacts , skype , . . . ) . but they are all shown within the same app in a single list . a symbol tells you where the contact came from . i recommend to use google contacts as main contacts provider . do not save contacts on the sim card and the internal phone memory . google contacts are automatically synced with your phone and the cloud . you can comfortably edit the contacts @ google.com/contacts . every edit is instantly propagated to your phone . and if you change your device you simply add your google account and all your contacts will appear there , too . no more sim card contact importing/exporting . in order to solve the problem of duplicate contacts from different contact providers android provides a ' join contacts ' feature , which merges the information from different providers into one single contact .
it does not appear that you can , at least at this time . not particularly surprising . their app just sends you to m . facebook . com for anything more than basic functionality .
the /data/app-private directory is another location of 3rd-party protected apps . system apps that come pre-installed with the rom are stored in a read-only /system/app directory . /data/dalvik-cache contains optimized bytecode for each installed app , which allows the system to launch it faster . these ...@classes.dex files get generated at installation/update time , or during the first boot-up for pre-installed apps . also , with android 2.2 google introduced ability to move apps to the sd card . when you do this , a new virtual mount point is created under /dev/block/dm-X ( where " x " is a sequential number starting with 1 ) which points to /mnt/asec/xx.yy-1 . /data/data/ folder contains settings , preferences and cache for all apps , each within its own folder named after the package name . e.g. /data/data/xx.yyy/ .
the setting at the domain level was the issue . i enabled it , and it starting working a few hours later . this should not be an issue for standard google accounts - just google apps accounts .
google docs on android has no offline cache at the moment . source the browser version has this functionality . i hope the android app get 's offline docs too , that would be awesome . : )
this is pretty much just a matter of preference , to be honest . i do not think you will really " lose " any functionality on a desire by going to an aosp based rom , either 2.3 or otherwise . you should gain built-in usb and wifi tethering , though , since those are a standard part of android 2.2+ . the real deciding factor will just be if you prefer the sense ui or another launcher ( adw , launcherpro , zeam , etc ) . you will lose any htc widgets since they depend on sense , but there are widgets in the market which actually mimic the style and functionality of the htc ones for just that reason . you also lose htc 's proprietary apps , since they generally use the sense framework in various ways . threads pop up on xda from time to time where people argue over whether sense is better than other launchers but it almost inevitably just amounts to each group saying " i think x better than y because i like the way it looks " .
i am thinking a factory reset could do the trick for you . make sure do backup your things with something like titanium backup .
it seems my problem was in my battery saver app ( in this case 2x battery ) . i read a question in this site couple days ago . the problem of questioner was like me and he/she answer it , and said problem was from battery saver app . i think if i disable this option ( wireless saver ) it goes well . but just after disabling the hole app it fixed . for now i check it and i did not have any problem . p . s : i really forget the title of that question or link of it . if i find that , i set it here for others .
i have found the problem . i changed the density to a higher resolution . after resetting to system resolution , problem was solved . i would still be glad to know if there is a solution that will allow me using the calendar at a high res . as well .
i did not get any definitive answer what is wrong from the service centre . they tried flashing some special rom they had , but same result . they closed the issue with the conclusion it is a hw problem in the phone .
there are a number of differences between the two marketplaces and while " advantages " may be somewhat subjective there are a few specific features that the amazon app store has that the market place does not . amazon claims to test each app before making them available for download to ensure that " each app works as outlined in [ the ] product description , does not impair the functionality of the mobile device or put customer data at risk once installed . " they offer one " paid " app for free each day . some apps have a " test drive " feature on their website that allows you to try the app in a virtualized android interface in your browser ( although i can not seen to find an app that has this feature yet ) . amazon is employing their recommendation engine to suggest apps you may like based on your purchase history . it should be noted that at the moment the amazon app store only works in the us ( unless you are able to use a us proxy in another country ) and the service is blocked on at and t devices .
the changelog droid app will start building a history of app changes from the date it is installed .
on the electrify , the external sd card is mounted at /mnt/sdcard-ext/ while the internal is at /mnt/sdcard/ . the two are logically separate and cannot / should not be merged . on the mesmerize , the external sd card is mounted at /mnt/sdcard/external-sd/ as if it were a subfolder of the internal sd storage , which is also mounted at /mnt/sdcard/ like the electrify . the two are just as separate as on the electrify , however , and the subfolder is not " real " . if you connect your phone to your pc you will see two separate drives for them , and the " external-sd " folder on the internal storage will show up as empty &mdash ; since it is ! i think what is happening here is that you want your data &mdash ; downloads , possibly pictures and music , etc . &mdash ; from your mesmerize 's internal sd , and you thought it was all on the external sd . ( i do not blame you , this system of having two areas both called sd is confusing . ) what i would do is : power off both phones remove any external sd cards from both phones to avoid confusion power on both phones connect both phones to your pc and mount the internal storages on both to your pc copy the content of the mesmerise 's internal storage over to the electrify 's internal storage properly dismount both phones from the pc power off both phones re-insert your external sd card ( s ) power on the electrify and go happily on your way
for 99% of devices , you have to have a custom recovery image installed on the device in order to install cyanogenmod . and usually , to do that you have to have the device rooted . so you have to have a rooted device before you can install cyanogenmod . cyanogenmod comes rooted and yes , it is an android release . rooting a device , while it will void your warranty , is not really that " bad " . think of it like having access to the administrator account on your pc as opposed to a " limited user " account . you also have to keep in mind that cyanogenmod does not work on all android devices . you can only install it on devices that are supported .
the dalvik cache is the set of saved . dex files . a . dex file is basically a compiled bytecode version of an app that has been built for the dalvik virtual machine on which android 's apps run . it is similar to the java virtual machine and having saved . class files .
replace the usb port . you can find them ( port and ribbon ) on ebay for $13 , including shipping . there are 6 screws to open the phone up . separate the outside case ; there is 1 screw at the bottom once you open it . take out the large black piece ( i think its the mic and vibrating mechanism ) . undo the bottom portion of the antenna . undo some of the connectors on the the main board to be able to lift the bottom up some and gain access to the usb ribbon . remove and replace with new ribbon . be careful when lifting the main board and removing the usb ribbon to make sure nothing is connected so you do not rip or break anything . plug all connectors and antenna back in . put the battery in to make sure it turns on and you have reception . if you are good , turn it back off and screw everything back together . make sure you get a little kit off ebay with the tiny screw drivers and the plastics tool to pull apart the case housing .
i have gear and note 2 . i rooted my phone and watch : everything went ok . finally got internet on the gear bluetooth tether to my phone . got new kitkat on the note 2 . i installed null rom onto the gear . the gear with it original stock os rom sucks , its pure garbage . but with custom rom its a lot better . beware : rooting the gear you can mess it up .
you can clear all browsing data from settings -> privacy -> clear browsing data . source : chrome help
for the process to work , requirements are : titanium backup zip file , see below the license key file TitaniumBackup_license.txt . the idea being , is copy the license file and install the app onto the new device . caveat emptor this is only for legitimate licensed titanium backup owners . device is rooted usb cable plugged into device functioning copy of adb . step 1 . easiest way , is to generate the titanium backup zip file , tap menu scroll to the bottom , titled ' special features ' tap on " create ' update . zip ' " scripting type - edify default titanium backup will be installed as - user application default select the name of the output file - titaniumbackup-6.1.0 . zip tap that selection this will create the appropriate zip file on the /sdcard . pull that zip file across to your pc , as in adb pull /sdcard/TitaniumBackup-6.1.0.zip . unzip it , the file to look for is data/app/com.keramidas.TitaniumBackup.apk step 2 . pull the license file across to pc , as in adb pull /sdcard/TitaniumBackup_license.txt final step . now with both steps completed , it is a matter of : pushing the license file across to the new device as in adb push TitaniumBackup_license.txt /sdcard . it must be the root of the sdcard , anywhere else , it fails ! install the apk , as in adb install data/app/com.keramidas.TitaniumBackup.apk now launch the titanium backup , it should pick up the license file and treat it as pro version . in the event it does not , its likely a very weird glitch in the application , try reboot the device , to see if it works , if not , report it to the developers . ( i have this problem on my xperia mini , have a valid license , and it does not recognize it despite having the license in the root directory of the sdcard ! ) the hardcore way this will apply to any app . gist of these steps , is to move the application to /system/app . remount the system as re-writeable , adb remount shell in via adb and invoke su , adb shell followed by su . move the app from the /data/app to /system/app directory for example : an app called fooBarApp its underlying name is /data/app/fooBarApp-1.apk so without further ado : cp /data/app/fooBarApp-1.apk /system/app/fooBarApp.apk ( we need to drop the -1 part of the name as system apps do not have them ) rm /data/app/fooBarApp-1.apk ( to avoid duplication ! ) at this point , the ownership may get clobbered , or the permissions , for that matter , so make it chmod 644 /system/app/fooBarApp.apk reboot
smartphones and tablets have an obvious problem with events like mouseover : when there’s no mouse cursor , there’s no way to mouse over controls . some techniques may be applied as a work around , but it is hard to have them working decently . testing : with minimal success do not know what browser are you using , but with my phone : agent : mozilla/5.0 ( linux ; u ; android 2.3.3 ; en-us ; u8510 build/huaweiu8510 ) applewebkit/533.1 ( khtml , like gecko ) version/4.0 mobile safari/533.1 if i long press the menu that contains a sub-menu presented with mouseover , it opens after about 3 seconds ( even though , every two out of three , the click for the main menu gets triggered ) . ps : the website used to test it was developed by me , so i know for sure that there is no support for mobile phones being used .
i do not think there is much you can do beyond trying other wifi tether apps . you could also try using cyanogenmod ( for the gsm version of the hero , or the cdma version ) .
are you sure you have the google-experience launcher ? the one that comeswith the nexus 5 and has integrated google now on the leftmost screen ? it does not come with the nexus 7 update , it is nexus 5 exclusive . you can sideload it , but since you mention " five homescreens " you do not have it . you have the stock launcher . if you are using the nexus 7 ' stock ' launcher you cannot remove or add homescreens . you could install nova launcher or another third party launcher . you can easily add and remove screens on these , through pinch out and drag screen to the ' trash can ' or ' x ' icon . specific to g.e. l : you simply remove all the shortcuts from the rightmost screen and it will automatically remove the screen itself . the reverse is true also , drag an icon out of the app drawer over the edge of the rightmost screen and a new one will be created . side loading gel : phandroid ' how to ' with links to the apk files you can easily sideload gel and you will only have one homescreen by default , and integrated google now . this should work on any android 4.0+ device . i have tested on 4.2.2 and 4.3 and 4.4 on galaxy s4 , nexus 4 and htc one .
resetting the phone to factory settings ( Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Privacy -&gt; Factory data reset ) and wiping the microsd card ( after backing up its contents ) should be all that is needed . factory reset dis-associates the phone from your google account , removes any custom apps ( installed on internal memory ) with their data , and clears all the caches . [ edit ] p.s. there is a good chance that the manufacturer ( samsung in your case ) or whoever you are sending your phone to for repairs might send you a different handset . depending on their service terms , they may simply ship you a brand new nexus s , or even a refurb . so jumping through hoops to leave your installed apps intact might be a waste of time .
you can customise the toggles by clicking the pencil icon in the top right . you should then be able to add a wifi toggle icon . edit : ok . it seems like verizon have removed that toggle . if you are rooted you can add it back though . see link here ( contains screenshots ) . you need to download and install sqlite editor - you need to download and install sqlite editor open up sqlite editor - select the apps tab on top and scroll down until you see settings storage and click it . click on settings . db click on system click on the search icon on top right type in the word notification in the filter value field and click ok once the results load up , tap on notification_panel_active_app_list ( should be the bottom result ) and click on the pencil icon on top to edit in the value field , you will see all your toggles listed . all you have to do is add the word wifi &lt ; -- just like that with a semi colon right after . make sure there is no space after the semi colon like in the screenshot below . once you add wifi , click the save button . close sqlite editor and reboot your phone . once your phone boots back up , you should now have the wifi toggle in quick settings !
as per this comment , the place for bug reports seems to be via the about -> send feedback link within the gmail app - this links to this survey page : http://www.google.com/m/survey/mail_ca
android 4 . x supports contact groups . this is the only way i have found till now .
one way to do this would be to use an app like apkbackup to get the apks of your installed apps than install them on your new device . note that the data will be lost and depending on the market version it may not notify you about updates .
i had sent this question as an email to whatsapp support too , and i have now received a reply from them with complete explanations of the permissions . pasting that reply below : thanks for your message . we strive to keep this information as up to date and as accurate as possible . however , at times , it is possible that google or your handset maker may change , deprecate or remove various permissions . category : your messages permission : receive text messages ( android . permission . receive_sms ) explanation : we use this to be able to read the sms we send to your phone to verify your phone number . category : storage permission : modify or delete the contents of your usb storage ( android . permission . write_external_storage ) explanation : we store your media and chat history backups on the usb storage . category : system tools permission : modify system settings ( android . permission . write_settings ) explanation : we need this to read your read your settings , we do not write any settings , but there is only a write settings permission which includes the ability to read settings . permission : install shortcuts ( com . android . launcher . permission . install_shortcut ) explanation : we use this to install a whatsapp shorcut or conversation shortcut on your homescreen permission : uninstall shortcuts ( com . android . launcher . permission . uninstall_shortcut ) explanation : we use this to make srue we do not create duplicate shortcuts on your homescreen category : your location permission : approximate ( network-based ) location ( android . permission . access_coarse_location ) explanation : we use this so that you can send your location to your friends . permission : precise ( gps ) location ( android . permission . access_fine_location ) explanation : we use this so that you can send your location to your friends . category : services that cost you money permission : directly call phone numbers ( android . permission . call_phone ) explanation : we need this so that we can have the " call " ability in the app . permission : send sms messages ( android . permission . send_sms ) explanation : you may send an sms by using our tell a friend feature to tell a friend about whatsapp category : camera permission : take pictures or videos ( android . permission . camera ) explanation : we use this to allow you to take pictures from inside whatsapp . read more here category : microphone permission : record audio ( android . permission . record_audio ) explanation : we use this to allow you to record voice notes to send to your friends . category : your accounts permission : add or remove accounts ( android . permission . manage_accounts ) explanation : we use this to add a whatsapp account to your device to show your whatsappable contacts permission : create accounts and set passwords ( android . permission . authenticate_accounts ) explanation : we use this to add a whatsapp account to your device permission : use accounts on the device ( android . permission . use_credentials ) explanation : we need this permission to read and write your whatsapp credentials permission : find accounts on the device ( android . permission . get_accounts ) explanation : this is necessary to find which accounts to check for whatsapp contacts permission : read google service configuration ( android . providers . gsf . permission . read_gservices ) explanation : this is used for google maps integration in whatsapp location sharing category : your social information permission : modify your contacts ( android . permission . write_contacts ) explanation : this is necessary so that we can add the whatsapp button into your contacts so you can send a whatsapp to your friends from anywhere in your phone . permission : read your contacts ( android . permission . read_contacts ) explanation : we use this in order to automatically add all your friends that have whatsapp installed on their phones . category : your personal information permission : read your own contact card ( android . permission . read_profile ) explanation : we use this to try and set a default profile name permission : read call log ( android . permission . read_call_log ) explanation : this permission is not needed but is granted transitively from read_contacts because we support old versions of android permission : write call log ( android . permission . write_call_log ) explanation : this permission is not needed but is granted transitively from write_contacts because we support old versions of android category : phone calls permission : read phone status and identity ( android . permission . read_phone_state ) explanation : we need this so that we do not annoy you when you are on the phone . category : your applications information permission : run at startup ( android . permission . receive_boot_completed ) explanation : we use this to make sure the app is running to make sure you get your messages on time permission : retrieve running apps ( android . permission . get_tasks ) explanation : we need this in order to see if you are running any task killers , which may cause problems with our application category : sync settings permission : read sync settings ( android . permission . read_sync_settings ) explanation : we use this to make sure you get your messages on time permission : read sync statistics ( android . permission . read_sync_stats ) explanation : we use this to debug possible problems in getting your messages on time permission : toggle sync on and off ( android . permission . write_sync_settings ) explanation : we use this so that we can make sure your whatsapp contacts are up to date . category : development tools permission : test access to protected storage ( android . permission . read_external_storage ) explanation : we store data onto the external storage . the permission is granted transitively by android . permission . write_external_storage . we have no idea why google describes the permission thusly . category : affects battery permission : control vibration ( android . permission . vibrate ) explanation : to notify you of a new message , we may vibrate your phone . permission : prevent phone from sleeping ( android . permission . wake_lock ) explanation : we need this to make sure that when a friend sends you a file , it does not get broken by your phone going to sleep . category : network communication permission : full network access ( android . permission . internet ) explanation : without this we would not be able to send your chat messages . permission : google play billing service ( com . android . vending . billing ) explanation : we use this to allow you to pay for the whatsapp subscription permission : receive data from internet ( com . google . android . c2dm . permission . receive ) explanation : we use this to make sure that you get your messages on time permission : view wifi connections ( android . permission . access_wifi_state ) explanation : we use this to check and see if you are on a wi-fi that whatsapp will not work on permission : view network connections ( android . permission . access_network_state ) explanation : we use this to diagnose your network connection and have the app react accordingly to ensure you get your messages on time permission : full network access ( android . permission . internet ) explanation : we need this to open socket connections to our servers in order to make sending and receiving messages fast
you have multiple choices on how to accomplish this : using a headset if you have got a 1-button-headset connected , you can facilitate that button . there are multiple apps on the playstore providing enhanced possibilities to this -- just search for " headset-control . having a philips headset , i use philips headset , which works pretty well ; you might have to try several of the available choices to find the one suiting you best . most of these apps offer things like : configure a media player app to be started as soon as the headset gets connected play/pause ( or accept an incoming call ) with a single press skip forward ( or reject an incoming call ) pressing twice increase volume by holding the button , decrease it by one click followed by holding it skip backward ( triple click ) actions are usually configurable . without a headset re-defining a hardware button can be achieved e.g. using tasker , which is an automation app for android ( to be more precise : it is the most complete automation app available ; costs ~ 5 euro , a 7-day-trial is available at the homepage , but it is worth every cent ) . the tasker manual states : simulate media button : when selected , any media player which listens for media button events can be controlled . without it , the only the android system media player will respond . note : the toggle pause function may not work unless playback has already been started manually . and yes : you can bind that action to . . . button : camera button : long search amongst others . you could even bind it to a " shake pattern " ( e . g . shake left-right to skip a title ) . example : condition : event &rarr ; hardware &rarr ; button : camera task : media &rarr ; media control &rarr ; cmd : toggle pause
i found the answer i was needing in this video : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7eq7z6_v_fc i was holding down the wrong side of the rocker switch when booting , ending up in " recovery " mode .
depends on how the copy is performed . the sd card contains a couple of hidden files/directories ( especially with app2sd being used , there is the .android_secure folder to be considered ) . usually , when on a linux workstation , a complete copy from sdcard#1 to sdcard#2 should do the job ( cp -dpR &lt;source&gt; &lt;target&gt; ) . same should apply to mac os . as i have no windows , i cannot speak for that .
i doubt that there is a direct correlation between battery consumption and ram usage . the hardware does not know which ram cells contain ' used ' data and which not . so there can be no difference in battery consumption on that level . but i think that one could say that unnecessarily killing apps causes a few extra cpu cycles when those apps have to be re-started and therefore " uses more battery " . and yes , you definitely should let go of your app-killing habit . in most cases , android is capable of managing the system 's resources quite well and you should not bother with manually killing apps . they definitely will not drain more battery if they just idle around and consume some ram . of course , if those apps are constantly using the cpu , they will drain battery ( but this is usually a sign of a bug within the app or a badly implemented app ) .
according to the official twitter feed , their website is having problems right now . try it again later . mightytext is a reputable piece of software , so while we can not say for sure what they are doing with your information ( like any other closed-source software ) , you should not assume it is malware just because it is not working as it should . see also this venn diagram illustrating the situation :
your phone is not using both wifi and 4g , but the 4g radio stays on and stays in sync with the tower ( if you move from a 4g to 3g area while still on wifi , you will see the icon change when it recognizes the tower swtich ) . on my droid bionic ( verizon ) , i have a tasker script that turns off mobile data when i am connected to work or home wifi networks ; my battery life is greatly extended with this setup , and the phone works as i expect ( i am told that mms messages require the mobile data connection , but i rarely receive them , so i can not say if that is true ; if so , it may be one reason the radio stays on by default ) .
as said in the comments the device is partitioned and you can not see all parts of the device on a non root ed device . as an example a galaxy s4 is advertised as a 16gb device , and out of the box shows 9.1 gb available . this is a common practice in android oems it would seem . ( desire x from htc 4gb , shows 1gb ) just to give you a scale of what you are dealing with from addictive tips : let’s start with a list of standard internal memory partitions on android phones and tablets . these are : note : it says " standard " partitions . different companies come out with their own partitions . a good example is the galaxy s4 , and the galaxy s4 google edition . they are absolutely identical hardware in every way . until recently ( with so called ' merged roms' ) no rom from one could be installed on the other due , mostly , to the partitioning of the two devices being totally different . /boot /system /recovery /data /cache /misc in addition , there are the sd card partitions . /sdcard /sd-ext note that only /sdcard is found in all android devices and the rest are present only in select devices . let’s now take a look at the purpose and contents of each of these partitions . /boot this is the partition that enables the phone to boot , as the name suggests . it includes the kernel and the ramdisk . without this partition , the device will simply not be able to boot . wiping this partition from recovery should only be done if absolutely required and once done , the device must not be rebooted before installing a new one , which can be done by installing a rom that includes a /boot partition . /system this partition basically contains the entire operating system , other than the kernel and the ramdisk . this includes the android user interface as well as all the system applications that come pre-installed on the device . wiping this partition will remove android from the device without rendering it unbootable , and you will still be able to put the phone into recovery or bootloader mode to install a new rom . /recovery the recovery partition can be considered as an alternative boot partition that lets you boot the device into a recovery console for performing advanced recovery and maintenance operations on it . to learn more about this partition and its contents , see the ‘about android recovery’ section of our guide to clockworkmod recovery . /data also called userdata , the data partition contains the user’s data – this is where your contacts , messages , settings and apps that you have installed go . wiping this partition essentially performs a factory reset on your device , restoring it to the way it was when you first booted it , or the way it was after the last official or custom rom installation . when you perform a wipe data/factory reset from recovery , it is this partition that you are wiping . /cache this is the partition where android stores frequently accessed data and app components . wiping the cache doesn’t effect your personal data but simply gets rid of the existing data there , which gets automatically rebuilt as you continue using the device . /misc this partition contains miscellaneous system settings in form of on/off switches . these settings may include cid ( carrier or region id ) , usb configuration and certain hardware settings etc . this is an important partition and if it is corrupt or missing , several of the device’s features will will not function normally . /sdcard this is not a partition on the internal memory of the device but rather the sd card . in terms of usage , this is your storage space to use as you see fit , to store your media , documents , roms etc . on it . wiping it is perfectly safe as long as you backup all the data you require from it , to your computer first . though several user-installed apps save their data and settings on the sd card and wiping this partition will make you lose all that data . on devices with both an internal and an external sd card – devices like the samsung galaxy s and several tablets – the /sdcard partition is always used to refer to the internal sd card . for the external sd card – if present – an alternative partition is used , which differs from device to device . in case of samsung galaxy s series devices , it is /sdcard/sd while in many other devices , it is /sdcard2 . unlike /sdcard , no system or app data whatsoever is stored automatically on this external sd card and everything present on it has been added there by the user . you can safely wipe it after backing up any data from it that you need to save . /sd-ext this is not a standard android partition , but has become popular in the custom rom scene . it is basically an additional partition on your sd card that acts as the /data partition when used with certain roms that have special features called app2sd+ or data2ext enabled . it is especially useful on devices with little internal memory allotted to the /data partition . thus , users who want to install more programs than the internal memory allows can make this partition and use it with a custom rom that supports this feature , to get additional storage for installing their apps . wiping this partition is essentially the same as wiping the /data partition – you lose your contacts , sms , market apps and settings .
you can , but a kernel mod may be required to also keep the host device charging . however , many devices are already prepared for this , and cables are being manufactured and sold to this specific end , as one can see from this ebay search , there is already several cables in the market . to your particular device , the sonic_boom user at this xda developers forum thread made a dock station to use otg cable and charging at the same time : my docking station will work with any 2012 maybe 2011 sony xperia devices with otg support . i have tested this so far on my xperia s and working perfect . dock station schematics
most phones use data downloaded from the cell network to speed up the initial position fix when you turn on gps : without these data , it can take several minutes to first get the position , as the gps receiver has to download all the ephemeris data ( i.e. . the latest updates/corrections about the satellites ' orbits ) via the low-bandwidth gps connection . using the cell network to download these data only takes a few seconds , and then you can get a gps fix right away if you have good visibility . it does not actually use the internet at all , which is why it is not affected by the mobile data setting , but since it does download data over your cellular connection , some carriers choose to bill for this as mobile data . see also what is assisted gps ? on this site .
your assumption that contacts , sms and call logs are automatically saved to the sd card was incorrect . they are indeed stored on the internal memory of the device . /data/data/com.android.providers.contacts/ is the most likely storage location . that can change though , depending on android os version , manufacturer/carrier modifications , or even 3rd-party apps that you use in place of built-in contacts/phone/messaging apps . unless you synced your contacts to your google account , backed up sms and call logs , they are now lost after a factory reset .
if you buy the galaxy s iii 32 gb you get 32 gb of internal memory , i realize that you are worried about getting perhaps 16 gb internal + 16 gb sd-card but that is absolutely not the case , and it would be pretty much false advertising and they would piss a lot of people off . i just looked up the specs and it is indeed 32 gb internal memory for the 32 gb variant . i do not know how specifically the partitions are set up since i have a galaxy nexus myself , but i would not be surprised if it is the exact same , where /sdcard is a separate partition but still on the internal memory physically . so , to answer your question : is the device storage an extension of the primary device memory , or is it treated as a separate memory area that can only be used for data storage no , the device storage is not an extension of the primary memory as far as i know , it is all internal flash memory albeit still partitioned to standard android partitions for obvious reasons , where /sdcard is one of those standard partitions even when no actual sdcard is present . so as far as i understand , you will have 32 gb of pure internal storage .
try this : menu > settings > wireless and networks > mobile networks > data enabled ( that should be checked ) . menu > settings > wireless and networks > mobile networks > access point names , hit menu , tap on ' reset to default ' : )
basic walkthrough for any phone : alternative 1: flash a cwm recovery for samsung , use heimdall . download for ' galaxy s2' or ' sgh-i777' , depending on what you own heimdall also supports a dump command that can be used to backup all flash beforehand command to flash : heimdall flash --recovery CWM-recovery.img enter the newly installed cwm recovery do a backup in cwm to your external sdcard ( be sure there is enough space left ) switch off and check the backup on your pc ( it is located in /clockworkmod/backup/ on the sdcard ) if you are sure your backup is ok , enter cwm again and do a full wipe reboot your phone , do the first-time-init ( google account and such ) install titanium backup + its pro key in titanium backup : extract from nandroid backup alternative 2: applicable if your fastboot mode supports the extended command ' boot ' compatible devices : google 's nexus line , htc desire with patched hboot loader and others steps : enter fastboot mode and load a recovery into ram ( without flashing ) : fastboot boot recovery.img continue with step 3 from ' alternative 1' alternative 3 ( samsung only , but broken on galaxy s i9000 ) : not tried yet , see this as an idea as for now . you are on your own with errors on extraction and restore heimdall implements a ' dump ' and command and a means to print the partition table ( pit ) : heimdall dump --chip-type NAND --chip-id 0 --output nanddump.out.img heimdall print-pit or heimdall download-pit --output nand.out.pit you may then cut the nand dump into pieces ( one for each partition ) and name them accordingly . if successfull , you can then access your data and continue at alternative 1 , step 8 or 4
well the hardware needs to be properly aligned , so that where it senses your touch matches up with what you see yourself touching . there are also general algorithms the system applies to make decisions about where the center of your touch is , since your finger is not a perfect point , and so on . finally , and app needs to decide what to do with a touch . when an app uses simple widgets like buttons it is fairly simple to map the touch position to a widget . in the browser , however , it is much more difficult . determining the position of a control rendered dynamically via html ( and javascript etc . ) is a fairly complex task . you will find that most touch browsers , even on other platforms , have varying levels of difficulty with touch accuracy . so it depends on both hardware and software , but the variance you are seeing between apps is probably all due to the apps .
i fixed it by creating the sd-ext partition as another primary partition . works fine now . i hope this helps somebody .
why is the internal storage no longer visible in thunar ? how can i restore it to its original state ? i do not know how to adapt these instructions to my model of mid first of all you need to get adb working ( android debug bridge if you want to learn more ) . specific information regarding this is available at adb for android developers ( archos internet tablet ) as linked in the answer you provided . when you have adb ready , you should be able to run adb shell . this will give you the ability to give commands to adb and we can start accessing the device . i am quoting the answer you linked here : if the connection is ok , it will start a server and after e few seconds show the '$' prompt . this means you are connected to the tablet and have direct access to the linux shell . if you type ' ls ' you will see a list of folders that contain the operating system and all supporting files that make your tablet work . now navigate to the folder containing the flash file system by typing : cd ./dev/block/vold  if you now type ' ls ' again you should see three or four folders that have numbered names . one of them is '31:8' . this is the folder that points to the internal flash . now we can fix our problem by recreating the ms-dos ( fat32 ) file system on this partition . type the following : mkdosfs -F 32 /dev/block/vold/31:8/  this will fix the fat32 filesystem . now leave the shell by typing ' exit ' , disconnect the usb and restart your tablet . on my system this made internal storage re-appear , and after that it also mounted the sd-card . problem solved . please follow these steps and report if it works or not , please supply any error messages and i will try to help you further to the best of my abilities . is that normal that “internal flash storage” is reported as “0” ? will this give me any problems ? this is likely just due to the fact that the internal storage is not detected by the device . it does not necessarily mean that it is broken or lost forever . i would also like to add as a final point that messing with the partitions on the internal storage is usually a very bad idea . do not do it unless you know exactly what you are doing and why . you should always assume that messing with partitions can lead to data loss .
ability to restore deleted entries really varies from each calendar . assuming you made your entries to google calendar and did not sync it to the cloud , then no it is not possible to restore it .
yes . i agree with everything that bryan has said but want to add . . . you can use an app like phone usage that helps you monitor your network traffic . the pro version ( $2.35 ) also allows you to set data limits that will send you a notification if you go over . so you could set it to 125 mb and you had know when you are getting close and you can throttle down your usage . verizon has a 30 day return policy ( although i think they are changing it to 15 days ) so you can monitor your traffic and if you find that you are using waaay too much you can always cancel and go back to what ever you had before . another useful app ( if you have rooted your device ) if droidwall which lets you set which apps can access your 3g connection . this would be useful if you identify that an app that requires background sync and uses a lot of data . it would also be good if you are getting close to you 150 mb limit and want to lock down your data usage . finally , many apps let you set a wifi only rule . for example beyondpod has a setting in the apps that says " only download podcasts when on wifi " but if you really want to take control of your phone you can download tasker and set an almost unlimited set of rules for how your phone operates .
repligo reader ( $5 ) allows you to copy text and to make annotations . also , if you convert them to epubs the nook app allows you to make notes . it may let you copy text on a non-drm'd book but i do not have any of those so i am not able to test it . ( just note that while the nook lets you read pdfs the nook app currently doesnt .
if you can connect using adb ( usb debugging ) , you can simply use the command " reboot " . if you are rooted and have a terminal emulator installed , " su reboot " will do the same thing . the reboot command will also accept arguments of " recovery " or " bootloader " , which will reboot you into the recovery or bootloader respectively .
well that is strange timing ! just received an update notification on the tablet , installed the update and suddenly i can copy files to the sd card , delete files from the sd card and create folders on the sd card with no problem ! this was using the built-in files app . it is still saying my android version is 3.2 , but the build number has updated to h . 6.6-23 , so can only assume this is an update to the drivers or motorola 's software rather than the os itself . found a thread on the xoom owner 's forum mentioning it another uk update ? i just received another update to my uk wi-fi xoom . i already had the original 3.2 update . i did not really catch the update number , but the release notes appeared looked to be the same as the previous big update . it was very small ( only 1 or 2 k ! ) . i could only really think of one reason this might have been sent out , so tried copying from the internal memory to /mnt/external1 ( a 32 gb sd card ) and it worked ! so it looks like this was probably a fault that they have pushed out a fix for , rather than any design problem .
in short , yes . android apps are upward compatible as @ce4 said . but if you are going to build an app , its best to compile it on the latest version of android , ie jelly bean 4.2.1 . this question would have been better suited on stackoverflow .
it was indeed wifi channels ( as per phunehehe is comment ) - setting the router to use band 11 suddenly brought the access point back into being detectable . excellent .
alright everyone , i think i may have found something , so if anyone is having this problem , hopefully it can help . i believe it is a problem with google maps . for me , sometimes , when i launch maps and the gps icon flashes a few times without locking and disappearing , that is when the problem starts . well i had the google maps traffic widgets active , and i would use those all the times and did not realize it was not locking the gps , but my speedometer apps would not work , or even maps would not work i uninstalled maps , and reinstalled , did not help . this is what i found that works - do not use the traffic widgets , just open maps and look at traffic if you need to . the second is , if you open maps and gps does not lock , exit maps . open up gps status , let it lock - for me i do not even need to clear or update agps info , but you may need to . exit gps status , not open your speedometer app or maps , and it should work . i have been able to ' fix ' the gps issue this way over the last few days with multiple reboots and intalls/uninstalls of maps . hopefully this can be helpful or at least a start to troubleshooting . good luck !
answering my question after the comments , it turns out only ' pc sync ' would show when creating an event by tapping on a specific day/time , but when using the ' add event ' option , the other calendars would show as an option . once this is used the first time , then tapping on the day/time shows the other options . all good .
there is currently no way to apply a user stylesheet with the default android browser . if you firefox is not available on your phone , you could install the apk manually , but it may not work since it is not supported . you could download the opera browser , connect it to remote debugging using the dragonfly debugger , and then manually apply the stylesheet via debugging--but there are a lot of steps to that and you would have to add the stylesheet on every page load . this may not be a solution depending on what your needs are for the user stylesheet .
it downloads them to your sd card . i do not use google listen but i installed it and downloaded a podcast . it put it in : /sdcard/com.google.android.apps.listen/downloads  the name of the file might be something odd so you might need to rename them but that is where they are all located .
as i said in several comments , the calendar app is the way to interact with your calendar offline . if you are interacting with the calendar via the browser , you need to be connected . the android browser does not support any sort of " plug-in " .
i am not 100% sure because i have never used the app myself , but knowing that it has a million features i am sure tasker could handle this . tasker
