as far as i know , a fully updated n1 will not have any exploitable vulnerabilities to allow you to root the device . most of the older " one click " and similar methods used things like gingerbreak , which were holes in android that eventually got patched . i have not seen a root exploit on vanilla android since gingerbreak . xda 's wiki has a couple of different options regarding the n1 which work but require unlocking the bootloader , and unlocking will perform a factory reset automatically . they can be found here and basically amount to : unlock the bootloader from fastboot mode with fastboot oem unlock flash a custom recovery ( usually clockworkmod ) flash a zip file from recovery that will install su and superuser for you reboot
i found an app bookmark home which adds add bookmark to the share list . if you send a bookmark to it , it will be stored in the apps own storage , but there is an export option to save all of them in the browser bookmarks .
the amazon kindle store and the google android market are different stores . apps you buy in one store are not honored in the other store . you can install the amazon store on your nexus one pretty easily , so you will be able to use apps you buy on your fire on your nexus one . but going the other way is more trouble ( it currently requires you have rooted your kindle fire ) . see how can i get the android market installed on my kindle fire ?
i use ssh in a terminal . so the private key is protected simply by the unix filesystem and android 's user-per-app design : only better terminal emulator pro can read id_rsa , and only ssh and other programs i am aware of run under it . whatever your app is , it need only do this to enjoy the same security from other apps . full-sdcard encryption , unless it comes packaged with a filesystem having a comparable system of permissions , will not protect your data from other apps .
please make sure that your build.prop in the /system folder is configured correctly and has the variable ro.product.device set , often time in custom roms the build . prop is not configured completely and some of these variables are necessary for certain functionality checks . you can open it up in a text editor and look for it and make sure it is set and there are no bad characters in there that might affect it being parsed properly . also check these variables and make sure they are set as well , it is good to have them : ro . product . model=xxx ro . product . brand=xxx ro . product . name=xxx ro . product . device=xxx ro . product . board=xxx ro . product . manufacturer=xxx
you are correct . the built-in browser is only updated when a full new rom is installed . if there is an exploit , the only thing to do is wait for a new version of the os to be released . alternatively , you can use a third-party browser such as opera or google chrome . those are installed as apps and can receive updates independently . as far as i know , there is no documented version history for the native browser . the best you could do is look at the git revision history for the browser .
this turned out to be a problem with my router - earlier today i also noticed that i could not connect to my printer either - it seems like the router had gotten in a weird ap isolation mode or something like that somehow - i rebooted it and i can connect to the s4 as expected now .
as matthew already stated , there is no unique answer possible to your question -- all depends on your usage patterns . generally spoken , i would say moving app data should be preferred : if you move the dalvik cache , it would affect all your apps -- while moving the app data only affects apps which store some data ( and by " some " i mean " data size exceeds their dalvik-cache size" ) , so a good guess is it affects only a few apps . but this can very well be those apps you are using most , and which heavily access their data -- so it may or may not be the better choice in some cases . guess you have got to try . i would suggest starting with the app data . a class 10 card should provide sufficient speed -- so if the results are acceptable to you , stay with this . otherwise , go back and try with the dalvik cache . if this is not acceptable either , the only choice left is buying a new device with bigger internal storage . . .
i have seen this on occasion on mine . it seems to be a software issue , triggered by certain usage patterns . this post on xda-developers has some info on how you may be able to trigger it . that community seems to be hoping that the 4.1 jelly bean update will include a cure .
i have a nexus s for t-mobile , and i have enjoyed it so far . there is only been one update for the nexus s so far , to 2.3.3 . i did not get it the first day , so i installed it myself . unless sprint turns it off , you should be able to tether . i can both over wifi and usb . i have never needed to root , and i am a rather advanced android user . you can unlock the bootloader without doing anything fancy on the nexus s . i truly enjoy having a clean phone . there are a few apps installed by google that i can not remove ( with root you can ) , but they do not bug me much . it does not have the load of crapware that most carriers apply , and it definitely does not have the various awful custom uis manufacturers feel they need to add . it runs fast for everything i do , including some light gaming ; i generally wait till i am at my pc to game , but it plays angry birds and robot unicorn attack just fine .
no . motorola really did a shitty job of patching the ics rom for the xoom2 me . the ir blaster did not work for a couple months , and this speaker bug is indeed software . there is an app by wyrm on the play store that fix some of the speakers issues : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=wms.xoom2mespeakersfix https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=wms.xoom2mespeakersfixfree it needs root . if your problem is fixed by the app , send some dough the dev 's way by buying the donationware paid version . also thanks to the team behind the http://xoom2me.blogspot.com.br/ blog for the savior post .
from the android stock email app , you can permanently delete emails if you access the trash folder and delete them from there : select and email to delete and touch the delete icon ; access the Trash folder ; repeat step 1 inside the trash folder for the same email . with this steps , the email gets permanently deleted from your account . i have tested this steps just now to be sure . anyways , i did not find any setting within the app or account preferences , in order to do this more seamless !
you can use android debug bridge ( adb ) shell to issue basic linux commands on your phone , just like you would in a terminal emulator app . to install you will need to do the following : on the phone go to Settings -&gt; About phone , and tap on " build number " seven times . this enabled developer tools . go back to the main settings screen and you should now see Developer options under the " system " section . go to Developer options , enable " android debugging " option , and then tap OK on the verification prompt . on your pc download the android sdk tools from here . you can either download the whole sdk , or just the stuff necessary to connect to your phone , which is on the same page , under " download for other platforms -> sdk tools only " section . install the tools you just downloaded . download and install the usb drivers for your phone ( usually provided by the manufacturer . ) re-connect your phone to the pc with a usb cable . open command prompt ( assuming windows , ) navigate to where you installed the sdk tools ( e . g . " c:\android-sdk\platform-tools\" ) and type in the following : adb devices if all of the above was done successfully , a prompt should pop up asking you to allow connections from this computer . accept the pairing request , and the prompt should show your phone 's id . if this does not happen - it usually means that the drivers are not installed correctly . back at command prompt , type in adb shell and press enter , and you should be connected to the phone 's terminal . this should get you started . adb commands are listed on google 's site here . the shell provides some basic linux commands like ls , cp , etc . be aware that most file and device management commands will require root ( i.e. . elevated privileges , ) which is a separate topic .
if you ever give your phone to a repair person or a rep at a carrier store you should assume your data can and will be looked at . unfortunately , i saw this all the time while working for verizon . we had reps that could not wait to get their hands on a phone and start looking through pictures and other private files of customers . i have actually seen reps save customers pictures to their own device ! it is one of the many , many reasons i quit . bottom line : anything on your phone can potentially be accessed and seen .
yes . see this method or this one , for example . as per eldarerathis ' comment , these are both for running ubuntu in a chroot environment .
yesterday , google released chromecast app v1.7 , for selected devices running android 4.4.1 and above . this enabled devices to use screencast feature onto their chromecast .
you have got quite a few apps that can do it : wifi file explorer wifi file transfer 3rd : wifidroid , it does not let me post more than two links because of my reputation , but you can search in google . 4th : airdroid , it allows you to transfer anything , and even control your phone with it . i have used the first too , both free and pro versions , i like the 2nd more , the 3rd i never used .
video the galaxy tab 10.1 will work best with mp4 files ( h . 264 encoding ) at 720p ( 1280x720 ) . do not use entropy coding . i am noticing a few problems with it ; it could be the video / my setup though and not the device itself . use a constant bitrate at a reasonable quality level ( rf:20 should be good , or around 1000kbps ) . maximum b-frames should be set to 0 , and reference frames to 4 or 5 . audio as far as audio goes you should be fine with most anything ; a samplerate of 48 and a bitrate of 160 should be good . make sure to downmix to stereo . aac is probably you best bet for the codec . summary more information can be found here and here ( though you might want to experiment a bit with some of the advanced settings if you feel that you need them—probably not a big deal though ) . audio : aac with bitrate of 160 , samplerate of 48 ; downmix to stereo video : h . 264 in an mp4 wrapper at 720p ( 1280x720 ) at a constant bit rate
finally i found the issue and resolved it ! , the error was in the firmware of the device ( especially in the radio , do not ask me how did it got the error , cz i have no idea ) . the solution is to download the ota update and install it in the device . if the ota update is not able to install to the system because you have a custom recovery , goto cache\ and find the ota update package like OTA_PROTO_U_JB_45A_S_hTC_Asia_India_2.22.720.6-1.18.720.3_release_316889ltmnu8ffxfy8672r.zip open it with winzip/winrar/7zip and extract the firmware.zip to a folder . this archive contain the firmware files like radio.img,recovery.img,boot.img,hboot etc . now we are going to flash the file to the device if you are on an unlocked bootloader re-lock the bootloader 1 . reboot the device to bootloader ( goto cmd> type adb reboot-bootloader ) 2 . type fastboot oem lock flash the firmware.zip 1 . type fastboot oem rebootRUU cd to the directory where the firmware.zip is located . 3 . type fastboot flash zip firmware.zip now the firmware is updated and it will be visible in the bootloader menu , use the htc provided method for unlocking the bootloader
after trying all the solutions i found online , i found the one what works for my phone : settings> apps> all apps> contacts ( not contact storage ) and clear data . now contacts are saved to phone . i also chose to display only phone contacts , but without clearing data on the contacts app , it did not work .
yes , this is well possible . ususally , the manufacturer advises to use its cables only . but usually , there is no problem with other cables . however , there might be a problem with the phases of the cable . sometimes if a cable is folded one or more of the phases can break or a solder joint at the jack might be loose . if it is the wrong one , your phone might charge very slow or even not at all . but you also mention that your battery drains fast . you can take a look at it by using apps like better battery stats by chamonix or the usual battery monitor . if you do not find any strange energy-consuming threads , then it might well be the cable - either a defect like broken phase .
there is an option in security settings : power button instantly locks screen : https://www.dropbox.com/s/z80ckhnd5nmyrmj/screenshot_2012-05-21-21-04-15.png
you can indeed , just hold down the shift key and move the cursor with the dpad/trackbal/etc . from the comments : the center key in the d-pad activates the two text-selection hands , which can be moved anywhere using the d-pad directional keys . then , pressing the d-pad center key again , copies the selection to the clipboard .
since the calendar app syncs with google calendar - why do not you create a " test " calendar , add events to that calendar and then delete the calendar from a web browser on your computer ? i just did this myself and it worked fine .
my guess would be that Media Scanner was scanning a lot of files . hence , eating up cpu resources and battery . now that you have lesser files , it is probably not working as hard . see if you have Media or android.process.media in System &gt; Battery . a rogue app or a corrupted file could be causing Media to work hard . you could also try to clear the phone 's cache to see if that helps . boot into recovery mode , and clear cache partition .
according to the download page of htc sync manager , htc desire phones should be supported . in my case when i first started the application it started loading all my media files from my pc ( which took some time ) . after everything was loaded , the music etc was stored in my media gallery of the htc sync manager . if you want to disable the synchronisation of your phone on connect , disable the option " automatically start sync when device is connected " under the more tab . in my case that tab was only available when you connect your phone ( probably to be able to use different settings for multiple phones ) . so maybe you should just try to reinstall the latest htc sync manager , because it should work for your phone too . just be a little patient .
how do i root my device ? contains our collective knowledge on what devices can be rooted , with links to methods . it is incomplete , of course , so if anyone knows how to root this tablet please add the info to the answer there , even if you post it here . roms cannot generally be used with multiple devices . each device normally requires its own drivers and kernel , due to different hardware . rooting is also not standardized ; it depends on how android has been modified on your particular device , as well as how your bootloader behaves . there are , however , methods of rooting that take advantage of exploits common to most flavors of a particular version of android . for example , " gingerbreak " worked on most devices that had the original version of android 2.3 . how do i root my device ? contains a list of those generalized tools as well . the device looks like it is not google-certified , and from searching around it looks like very few people have it . information on it will be sparse and rooting that much harder if none of the common exploits work .
android updates are given three basic classifications : major , minor , security . ( i am looking for a source for this , but i have been unable to find it thus far . ) security upgrades , at least , are supposed to be part of the core code and have the least disruption to customizations the carrier and/or manufacturer have made . however , it is still up to the carrier and/or manufacturer to take the update and incorporate it into their particular flavor of the os . some are better at it than others .
google talk was never on the android market . it should have come with your device if it was a " google approved " device , e.g. one that met their minimum requirements ( see this for the gingerbread requirements ) . the google apps that come pre-installed on devices are usually not listed publically on the market . an exception is maps , for example , which is not preloaded on some devices either . you should look under your app drawer for " talk " ( rather than " google talk " , it is easy to miss if you look for that instead ) . if it is not there it can probably be side-loaded if you root your device , but that is another issue .
there is an app called " just playlists " that states the " none repeating shuffle " as one of its features : http://www.androidzoom.com/android_applications/media_and_video/just-playlists_byqz.html
you are not alone in wanting the old messaging app ! even though the old stock messaging app is no longer included in android , you always have the option of installing an alternative . in fact , people are recommending 8sms as a replacement for hangouts that is almost identical to the original stock messaging app . in fact , it is built from the source code of the original messaging app , with " some enhancements " .
it should show your pictures as they are added ( aka not all-or-nothing ) . i would try rebooting your device , also check if maybe your battery level is low ( under i think 20% it does not upload , similar to dropbox )
maybe disabling the noise cancellation feature might work . . get a rooted file editor first , then from "/system/build . prop " change the "media.a1026.enableA1026=1" to "media.a1026.enableA1026=0" then do a reboot . see if your problem is solved . i simply suspect the android 's mic always gets enabled for the purpose of noise cancellation during calls/voice input . remember ! i do not hold responsiblilty for any failure . i suggest you make a backup and everything when you try this . source : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?p=6787214
there are huge differences between 1.6 and 2.2 . 1.6 is also a pretty old version of android . flash is only available for 2.2 and later , so if you have to have flash then you need to go with 2.2 . but the archos 43 does not have an fm receiver , the 48 has a receiver , and transmitter . the ui had big improvements in 2.2 compared to 1.6 . the ability to install apps on an external sdcard is also available on 2.2 , but i do not think you will really need that as the 48 says it has 500gb ( that seems like a lot for a device like that . . . ) . i have also read that it is possible to install froyo on the 48 . 3 . x is currently only available on select devices as they have to " partner " with google in order to have access to honeycomb ( 3 . x ) . so i would not expect to see an update on these devcies anytime soon for 3 . x .
i think in many cases updates are to the system partition . the storage on your phone is split across different partitions , the system one is not where you download third party apps to and usually run out of space . so anything an update does on the system partition would not count against you , unless it repartitioned the storage to give system more room , which is rare and usually only heard of in bizarre cases where the device just could not support a newer version of android any other way . please make sure you have gone through the list of apps in your settings and moved any that you can to your sd card , by the way , if you have one . if your phone is rooted , there are other options as well , such as removing system apps that have been updated and are using space in the usual user partition for their update data , etc . .
there are definitely android dlna clients and servers which will allow you to share or receive videos or other media over a wireless network , see these previous questions : dlna enabled media player ? what can i do with dlna on an android smartphone ? can i get dlna on my droid ? what is the android answer to air video server ? if you have a tv with a usb port , you should definitely be able to mount your phone 's sd card as a drive and play the files on it ( assuming they are encoded with codecs that your tv understands ) . also if you have a phone with video or hdmi out functionality you can play videos direct to the tv over a video or hdmi cable . but , i do not think you will be able to do things quite the way you describe . i do not know of any tvs that will mount a usb device as anything other than a mass storage device ( usb drive ) or a network adapter ( normally only specific manufacturer approved adaptors ) , and it sounds like you want to stream movies via your phone rather than just play them from its storage . one problem you are going to face is that on an unmodified android phone the moment you mount your phone as mass storage to one device ( eg your tv ) it is no longer accessible to other apps on your phone ( such as whatever 's receiving it from your pc ) . tl ; dr three realistic options : plug phone into pc copy movies onto sd card , unplug phone , plug into tv play as files if your phone has tv-out , video-out or hdmi-out , plug your phone into the tv that way instead of usb and then either play from its storage , or from a streaming video client if your tv is network connectible , use a dlna client on your phone ( see above question links ) to push the movie from a dlna server on the pc ( eg windows media player on win 7 , or twonky server ) to a dlna compatible , network attached tv ( or media streamer box attached to tv ) .
on all my devices , if there are more than one app to be updated , i can see the Update &lt;x&gt; button above the apps list , in the header bar with the " updates " text . this will update all apps that do not require manual updates .
as per @chahk 's answer i guess it depends if swype came pre installed on your handset . in that case i do not think you can uninstall it . in either case , try going to settings -> apps and see if swype is listed . tap it and try to uninstall it . then you can go to beta . swype . com , download the installer , install it , run it , and follow directions to sign in and install the beta .
yes , provided you have got an application to deal with zip files , you should be just fine : winzip for android by default there is already apps within your os to deal with zip files : best is access a zip file thru your browser , download an open one . a window should pop-up , with some recommended apps already on your system .
believe it or not , the device is already rooted , and it is not documented anywhere . i do not think that starting it in recovery mode for an odd number of times activates/deactivates root , so i just believe the system carries su on its own . if my unit of measure of " rooting " is ad-freeness then i simply tried to run adfree from the device . no superuser warning appeared but adfree not even did not complain about absence of root , but updated the hosts file ! ! and the device was completely ad-free . i also tried to install es file manager , and found this magic file : /system/xbin/su
virtually all android devices have the developer options menu . this is stock android ; a carrier or device manufacturer would have to explicitly remove it . if they did , the hue and cry from actual android developers would be very loud ; some might even refuse to develop for such a device , which would have a negative impact on device sales . in ice cream sandwich , it is grown lots of extra options , as you have noticed . the developer options are mostly useful to actual developers , though some of them are useful to power users . for instance , " usb debugging " allows a user to control their android from their pc with adb ; that could be anything from side-loading an apk to rooting the device . privacy fanatics will appreciate " allow mock locations" ; when this option is on they can use simple apps to generate false geolocation data . and my personal favorite is " stay awake " which prevents the phone from sleeping or blanking the display while it is on the charger . if you are having a problem with these options getting enabled while the device is in your pocket , as in your other question , consider using a screen lock . in jelly bean , developer options must be enabled explicitly and a warning dialog appears if you try to enable developer options . this will help prevent you from enabling them accidentally in your pocket .
have you tried pdf . js extension for firefox mobile ? it is a bit slow and unstable for now , but it should work as expected .
it is not normally to do with the position of the phone , there is normally a " proximity sensor " on the front of the phone that locks the screen if the phone is against your face , and unlocks the screen a few moments after you take it away from your face . according to the galaxy pocket duos 's specs on gsm arena there is no proximity sensor built into that model , compare with the alcatel ot-991 or samsung galaxy s 's specs where you can see they do have a proximity sensor .
the adb can connect to an android device only if " usb debugging " is enabled in settings-> applications-> development . if this setting is disabled and a password lock is set for unlocking the device , there should be no worries . also there are many apps such ' lookout ' which provide the ability to remotely wipe data from a phone if it gets stolen .
just found my answer . in people app go to Menu &gt; Settings and tap on the setting Search contacts by . there mark the option of Company as selected . there you go : )
the android firmware is composed of several image files . these image files are flashed to ( device specific ) locations on your devices internal memory . typically these images are for the bootloader , recovery , fastboot , and the system ( os ) . the remaining memory is mapped to your internal storage . since each device expects them to be located at different locations depending on the manufacturer , you cannot modify them safely .
press the power button on the device . all phones should have them and they are usually the buttons that lock the screen as well . if you happen to not have a lock button you can change how quickly android will lock the screen on idle in settings . the way to change this varies from different flavors of android .
quite easy : find / starts exploring at the file system root ( i.e. . the very top ) . so it comes to places you have no access to as normal user , and runs into permission issues . it sees a directory called /proc/19619 and , knowing this is a directory , wants to traverse into it . but it is not permitted to ( most likely the permission of that directory is something like drwxr--r-- , so everybody can see ( "r"ead ) it – but only its owner can change into ( execute ) ) . so your find sees it , but can not dive into it . as you have been running this command as root , permission problems should not be the issue . but taking a look at the directory in question pops up a different answer : /proc is storing process information . below this top-level dir , directories are created using the pid of running processes . so /proc/19619 stores information on process 19619 . most likely your find was seeing that directory , and at the same moment that process ended ; so when find finally wanted to dive into , it was gone : No such file or directory ( not anymore ) .
i can only wish for that ability @mahesh ( a999 ) . the image has to be prepared for a specific hardware as it involves lot of drivers to be accounted for . the chances are pretty bright if the two device share same hardware , which in your case is not . you can try cyanogenmod roms or other custom rom . visit this xda page , which is exlcusive for your device .
this is a reported bug which has not yet gotten any attention . a workaround is to use long-press to add items rather than dragging them .
yes , you will " lose " those apps , since they are tied to the google account rather than to the device . as far as i know , there is no way to transfer a purchased app from one account to another . a factory reset basically clears the /data partition .
here is the way i used to do it ( make sure all of your contacts are backed up to google ) : delete all non google contacts . add contacts to phone that you do not want to appear . delete the contacts from google that you just added to your phone . in you contact book : menu button > contacts to display > google only now your contact book will only show your google contacts , but your phone contacts will show up if the person calls you . this is a little inconvienent if you like to use both your google and phone contacts for different things . note : this process can be reversed to get the opposite effect ( store main contacts on phone , store contacts of people you do not want to see on google ) .
while you are on wifi , have a look in wi-fi settings > menu|advanced . it looks like it is easier when you are on wifi than when you are on a celular signal ( 3 or 2.5g ) . i have found a blog post here that seems to do what your asking , but you may need to have rooted the phone , or at least be comfotable with editing a few system bits and bobs .
to see what the device thinks is your current location , you can simply open the pre-installed maps/navigation app ( if there is any ; usually google maps comes pre-installed ) . if there is none pre-installed , simply install one from the playstore . or check another gps tool like e.g. gps status and toolbox if you do not need a full-fledged " maps and navigation " app . as for the status icon : this will only show when gps is used ( and not only " available" ) , i.e. when some app is accessing gps to determine your current location . it has nothing to do with reception quality -- which , in case of gps , is rarely location-dependent , but rather depends on other conditions such as clouds , trees , high buildings ( all things which hinder the free view to the satellites ) .
aside from izzy 's suggestions , i also find clean master helpful in cleaning unecessary files / cache . check it out . : )
the chrome page in the app store says this about the new permissions : this version requests two new permissions , camera and modify audio settings , to support webrtc , an experimental feature under development . webrtc itself is designed to expose your camera and mic to the browser , so that web-apps can implement video-conferencing and other multimedia solutions in-browser . the webrtc people have at least nominally considered the privacy implications , by adding an info-bar to chrome : chrome on windows is said to have access to your camera and mic . so if you use chrome on windows ( and soon firefox too ) then you are implicitly trusting the vendor of those programs to not take pictures of you when you do not authorize it . the same is true for android . one hopes that they do not introduce security flaws that allow unauthorized access to the camera/mic by malicious websites . as to what you can do about it , on a rooted phone you can uninstall chrome or install a permissions-control app that denies permissions to installed apps . you can switch to a different browser that does not support webrtc . otherwise you are stuck with what android provides . if you decide that you trust microsoft or apple more than google , you can switch . or maybe you trust an open-source android variant like cyanogenmod . for myself i consider the fact that google already has a bunch of apps on my phone which have access to my camera and mic , so if google wanted to spy on me they already can . heck , they could build that right into the os and just not tell anyone . google apps that can access the camera/mic : search voice search plus translate drive shopper goggles youtube remote youtube not to mention the camera app which is built-in to the phone . edit : the question was updated with a screenshot of what the phone shows when you are prompted to update the app . unfortunately at this time there does not seem to be a way for app developers to document why they need particular permissions , except in external sources . for example , this chrome update states why it needs the permission in the " what is new " page . however , if you do not look there and just see the scary warning , you are left wondering what is going on . as an app developer i wish we could add help text to the permissions page to explain to the user why we need the permissions and how the privacy policy protects the user . google could certainly make this more usable and less scary .
you would have to look at the pros and cons . pros of cloud backup off site backup ( you will keep your data if your house burns down ) cons of cloud backup make take a while to upload all of your data to the server make take a while to download the data again pros of dedicated backup app quick ( no upload ) quick and easy access ( on your sd card , so you can easily access it without an internet connection ) cons of dedicated backup app if your sd card breaks , you lose all the backups if there is a fire , you lose your backups if you lose your phone with the sd card in it , you lose both the phone and your backup you also have to bear in mind that my backup pro ( which you mentioned ) , has the ability to back up to the cloud as well as file backups . you can also set scheduled backups . with this in mind , i would say that a dedicated backup app would actually be better and easier than using a standard cloud service .
one click root methods use a simple rootkit exploit package to gain root permissions to the android kernel . once this is done , they modify file permissions to make the rooting permanent . these exploits have been patched by google and device manufacturers for a long time now , and the vast majority of one click rooting solutions are outdated and no longer work . in other words - your firmware is too new . it has been patched against rootkit exploits .
from the main listing of games in the google play games app , you need to swipe the old konami code : ↑ up , ↑ up , ↓ down , ↓ down , ← left , → right , ← left , → right ( and then when the retro button grid pops up ) , b , a , ▶ start . you should then see an achievement notification pop up . here 's a youtube video that demonstrates how to do this . via android central
the files are generated by samba when it encounters file name having invalid windows file name characters like : , \ , &lt ; , > , | or directories ending with dot . the reason the files appear on your android device is they were synced back from your pc . you can safely delete the files , but they will mostly likely reappear again , as long as files with invalid characters are created by android apps .
enable usb debugging , plug your phone into a computer via usb for a couple of minutes and disconnect . - source you can also try a faster memory card , as ^ has adviced . keep some reasonable amount of free space on phone memory , move apps to sd card if necessary . android often suffers performance issues when internal memory is low ( much like any os , really ) . if nothing else works , try a factory reset and record it again . if there are no lags , it might be because of any resource-intensive apps you have installed .
as user said my comment helped him and post it as answer . try to install the rocket dial and in settings try to make it default app for receiving calls . Settings&gt;caller ID also you can use free version of hd caller id which has option to overtake the default caller screen .
i do not think there is a way to do this with this phone . the droid razr m does not support mhl , and its android version is too old to have the feature of mirroring the screen to a chromecast . you could still use chromecast to send specific video ( i.e. . from movie players , presentation apps , or youtube ) to anything that has hdmi input , but not to mirror the whole screen . note that the phone 's screen itself does not use a high-level protocol like vga or hdmi , so you can not simply take the screen off , cut its ribbon cable , and wire a vga screen in its place .
natively , there is no way to schedule shutdowns and boot ups of the android system . if you do decide to root there are applications in the play store that can shedule a shutdown ( you may even be able to make your own busybox script instead ) . however booting up will never be possible the way android handles shut downs because when android shuts down , it is not running . and so , there is nothing in memory to initiate any sort of startup process .
i can not reproduce it . it may have been fixed during an os upgrade . if it comes back i will refresh the question .
just got a kindle fire as a gift . so far i have been more than disappointed . no apps no amazon prime membership . no cloud . no mp3 's no storage . yes facebook works . yes i can check my email . yes i can browse the web . bottom line is , if you are in canada , spend a few more bucks and get a tablet that you can use . . .
essentially , for backing up apps or sms , titaniumbackup works wonderfully . i have always relied on it to get my job done . but since you have already backed up your apps , i would suggest you to try moving your app data folder to storage/emulated/0/android/data/ folder instead of where it is now , and if it is a . obb folder , move it to /android/obb . it'll pick up your settings .
ok i was able to get it going by using twrp instead of cwm . twrp is much better !
the play store does have an option in its central settings for controlling whether shortcuts on your home screen are automatically created for apps when you install them : you can get here by opening the play store , pressing the menu button on your phone ( or the " three dots " menu icon if you do not have a hardware menu button ) and select settings , you should then see the " auto-add widgets " setting that you can enable or disable .
as of google+ 4.3 you can select which local folder are included in auto backup .
ifixit has a teardown that shows the wi-fi antenna is on the back . interestingly , when i took it off and looked i saw that it was nicely labeled too . also , the wi-fi reception seems much better after reattaching the cover . maybe my antenna was not connected very well . it appears a simple mod could be done to attach an external wi-fi antenna if i needed to do that . a mod may be in my future .
when i flashed a custom gingerbread rom , one of the launchers included has this menu style , but again , this includes rooting your phone and doing a data wipe at least once . launchers change the app menu style , but i do not know if this one is available without a custom rom , which will require a root and reflash .
if your using cyanogenmod 11 , then the issues your having are very common . its still under development so there are things that do not work . some of the times something works , but then is broken again in the next release . right now your best option would be to either flash cyanogenmod 10.2 or just bear with it and wait for a release that fixes the issue .
why ? when the phone signals are weak , the android os constantly scan the area thoroughly . this requires more battery power . that is the reason your phone gets so hot when you are in areas with poor reception . could it be solved ? that is the reason it is advised to turn flight mode on when you are is low-signal areas to preserve your battery life . is it a hardware problem ? yes . and that problem is common to all the android devices . so nothing to worry . why not iphone ? for the comparison with iphone , the specs of android device of each manufacturer varies from one another whereas it does not in apple deceives ( not everybody get to produce a device which can run ios , thanks to the apple inc . patents . ) as the android specs vary from device to device , it is highly likely that the battery performance will differ from device to device as well .
yes , there is : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.rgam.morsekeyboard
opera mobile is a " full " browser performing all rendering activities on your android device . opera mini passes your requests through opera 's servers to render/scale/"tweak " for your device . opera mini tends to be faster . opera mobile tends to hit your device 's resources harder . security folk cringe about opera mini and your traffic going through 3rd party ( yet opera ) servers . think about that before doing your online banking with mini . . . read more in the comparison chart here : http://www.opera.com/mobile/features/
you can not change this . simple solution : do not shut down your phone any more ( except when it runs out of battery ) . if you switch off your screen only , your phone will go to sleep and will not consume much power . if it still eats too much battery , consider disabling wifi , background data , sync or even switching to airplane mode . as noted in the comments the logo is only shown to beautify the startup of your phone and to not show you ugly boot messages as some linux systems earlier did and still do . showing a complex animation does require some computing power but will not delay the startup very much .
you may try to install keepscreen application from android market and configure it to disable screen timeout when your timer application is running .
google finally offers the solutions : google maps engine can solve the problem and is free available in the play store
all the data stored by the app in the folder /data/data/app_name/ will be cleared . you cant specify which data to clear . the app would be like when it was installed or updated .
it is saved in /data/misc/wifi/wpa_supplicant.conf file . you can open it with any text editor . if you have terminal emulator you can also do this : cat /data/misc/wifi/wpa_supplicant.conf 
any ideas whether this feature will be part of the core of android 4.2 , or if it is just for nexus 10 ? multi-user support in android 4.2 will be for all tablets . so yes , all tabs with android 4.2 jelly bean will have multi-user support . google is officially supporting this only for tablets as of now . however , i am very sure that custom rom makers will port it for phones . in fact , there are already a bunch of custom roms which do this . i wish i got this on my nexus 7 . nexus 7 is a tablet , so when you upgrade to 4.2 , you should get multi-user support .
if you have read around , then you will already have read that the idea of " free ram " is a bit of a nonsense for android . pc operating systems take an app out of ram as soon as you quit it , which leaves empty space that the pc probably has to spend power on filling again afterwards - probably with the same app next time you run it . android tries to avoid this waste by leaving apps in memory after you stop using them or after they finish running , so that they are ready to run again next time . if it needs more ram for an app , only then does it get rid of these cached processes . android will first get rid of cached processes , based on how soon it thinks it is going to need them again . if it still needs more ram for the foreground activity , it'll get rid of background services ( which sync your email etc . but are not directly visible ) . if it still needs more ram , it'll get rid of activities that are directly accessible but are not currently visible , such as the launcher , the activity you will go back to when you press back ( maybe even in the same app as the activity that is running ) , or the greyed-out activity that is partly visible behind a dialog . this way , even if you have no free ram , android can free up quite a lot of ram for the foreground activity : all the ram on the device , except that needed by android itself . i suggest to work out the best setting using trial and error . without more knowledge of the app , i can not predict the effect of having the setting too low : perhaps the ai will make worse moves , or take longer to decide . if the setting is too high , you will notice that when you leave the chess game you have to wait for the previous app to launch : this is particularly noticeable when it is the launcher , and you get a spinning progress indicator instead of the list of apps . if this were one of my apps , i would consider this a bug . it is bad form to give the user a setting with no way to know what value to set . the app has more information about how much ram the device has and can make available than you do : it should decide itself .
the standard android browser does this for me on most ( non-banking type ) websites . when i start typing my username into the login box it shows a drop down of names used in that login box before . selecting one of those fills the password box in too . if you go into the browser and press menu -> more -> settings and then scroll down the settings window to the privacy settings section , there is a tick-box there for remember form data , then if you scroll down a bit further to security settings , there is a tickbox for remember passwords . make sure that both of those are ticked and you should be ok . i am on a galaxy s running the official samsung froyo 2.2 release , and i am sure my old htc magic running stock android donut 1.6 did this too .
in dropbox 2.0.1 ( and in pre-2.0 versions , iirc ) , you can tap on a text file and it can offer to open it in " db text editor " which comes with the app ( or some other editor which has been assigned to open files with . txt extension ) . note that this will not work on just about any other file -- dropbox does not recognize mime types , but rather uses the extension to pick a program to open a file with , even if the file in question contains text . this also works with other file types -- for example , i am able to open my password database from keepassdroid ( extension . kbdx ) .
32gb is the limit imposed by the secure digital high capacity ( sdhc ) specification , not fat32 . fat32 supports 2tb drives , with a standard 512 byte sector ( or 16tb with 4.096 byte sectors ) which is ( coincidentally ? ) the same as the latest secure digital extended capacity ( sdxc ) specification , so fat32 should be viable for some time to come . the biggest restriction with a fat32 formatted drive is the per file size restriction . since fat32 uses 32bit file pointers , which means that no single file can be larger than 4gb ( actually 2 32 -1 ) . most of the time this is not a problem , but if you want to transport movies or virtual machines which are not split into multiple smaller files , then this might cause you problems . as an aside , in an answer like this , i can not help but illustrate it with a favorite picture of mine which compares 8 bytes of magnetic core memory from 1953 with 8gb ( 8 thousand million bytes ) of flash from 2008: in the same space as those 8 bytes from 1953 you could now fit 8x or 12x 32gb usd cards ( when you take into account thickness too ) so who knows where we will be in another 55 years ? probably wondering how we got by with only a couple of terabytes in our phone . *8' )
did you try to permaroot anyways ? i would try a factory reset and then try again .
i am now using osmand . it stores openstreetmap maps on the phone 's storage . osmand uses a vectorial format , which means it can store a lot of information without taking too much space , and is visible in all zoom factors . you can download the maps you want , for instance italy , bolivia , or any other country/region . free , open source .
as of this writing , only a few android devices offer multi-window functionality out-of-the-box . samsung built this feature into 4.1.2 os version for several of their android tablets ( galaxy note 10.1 and galaxy note 2 , for example . ) there are some major drawbacks to this . first , it is a proprietary samsung feature that only comes with their touchwiz overlay , and therefore is not compatible with " vanilla " android os . second , apps must be specifically written to support this feature .
they go to your download folder by default , typically at /sdcard/Download . note that this may not necessarily be a physical sd card ( e . g . on devices that do not have an sd slot it is emulated ) . from a practical standpoint , if you need to access them on your device , just open the gallery or photos app . the picture will appear in either of those as long as you have not added a .nomedia file to the download folder or something . also , opening the picture in either photos or the aosp gallery app ( possibly others as well ) will allow you to discern its physical location by opening the menu and selecting " details " .
that very much depends on how you understand the issue -- and what is intended . in this case , using a single account for all devices definitly has one big advantage : managing its apps ( installs/uninstalls ) . if the devices are defined as " school use only " or even for a single class , same applies to the calendar : all class specific events can be defined here ( in the accounts main calendar ) , so noone can say he forgot to write it down . for personal events , each user can add his/her own calendar easily -- so no problem with this either . the contacts /address book can be seen the same way : it could hold the classes contacts , plus the teachers ( as far as needed/wanted ) -- which would make it easier to organize team work . as with calendars , it should be possible for each user to access her/his personal address book additionally ( i never tried this , so i cannot tell for sure ) . so to summarize : if i did not mis-interprete your question , the answer should be a clear " yes " . i use multiple android devices with the same google account myself , and never had any problems with that .
i almost forgot about my own question , meanwhile i found perfectly working solution -- simply converting kml into gpx with gpsbabel : http://www.gpsbabel.org/ it is open source , which is great plus for me .
i had the same issue , after giving up on waiting more , i restarting the phone . after reboot , the update started from where it was , and finished as originally intended . to restart the phone , hold Vol-Down + Power for a few seconds . posting answer as the op only posted solution in a comment .
i am afraid not . if you are not happy with the permissions it uses , do not install it .
well , after much testing , found the destination microsd card had file structure corruption , causing the problem . it was resolved by mounting the microsd card on a pc , copying all the good files to a desktop folder , running gparted to unmount and reformat the microsd card , and copy the files back once the formatting completed . rooting was not required to access /storage/emulated/0 .
while i am not 100% sure , i do remember that this was a thing that would happen , either a function or " bug " . the issue , if you want to call it that , lies within ad ( active directory ) , or the authentication process of your account . exchange server will get your credentials from ad , and ad might let you use your old password for a while after changing , before it finally will reject your old password . of course , this will likely boil down to what server systems are at play , but it is a known " bug " that we have experienced at work . it should however not be a security issue as long as the user is the only person who know the passwords .
no . my friend got an extended battery so i tried my case with his phone -- the extended battery is really large , so it will not work . which is a shame , because the otterbox defender case is so large that a hypothetical extended battery otterbox defender would not be significantly bulkier than the current otterbox defender ( regular battery ) . if otterbox made a defender case specifically for the bionic with the extended battery , i would buy both that case and an extended battery . i guess that the market for that specific case is just too small .
the way i generally deal with truculent apps is by following each of these steps until it starts working again . force stop clear cache clear app data restart the device uninstall/reinstall ( this may be tricky with the market app )
actually , it should not be necessary to connect the tablet to your desktop . all you need to do is to log into google play on your desktop with the same account that is registered on the tablet . then navigate to an app and press the Install button ( or Installed if it is already installed on one of your other devices ) : once you click Install , a dialog will appear which allows you to select the device to install to : after clicking Install , click OK on the next dialog that pops up . then connect your tablet via wifi , wait a bit , and the app will be installed !
unfortunately , i do not think there is a simple solution . your simple options seem to be : use google music and select a subset of music to keep offline do not use google music for offline tracks ; instead sync them yourself use the " fix incorrect match " button on the web interface to force your low-quality songs to be uploaded ( you can use gmusicapi to automate the process ) make enough noise that google devs take notice ( i am willing to bet their servers support this feature ) one last thing : i was under the impression that matching a song did not automatically get you access to a 320kbs copy . when uploading , the music manager actually provides the bitrate of your copy of the song ( here 's my code ) ; i have seen low quality ( eg 128kbs ) local copies matched and then produce a &lt ; 320kbs copy when redownloaded . so , if you have got time to burn , you could conceivably use this to your advantage : re-encoding to poor quality locally and reuploading may result in lower-quality server matches .
assuming usb debugging is on connect it to the computer via usb and wipe it with adb . if that does not work you could throw it in the microwave .
kadlancer - check out http://www.fullcontact.com . ( full disclosure : i work for them , so i am a bit biased . but the issues you mentioned are exactly the issues we are trying to solve ) . we currently have a web app in private beta that pulls in contacts from various google contacts/gmail sources , as well as facebook , foursquare , linkedin , twitter , etc . it then adds social profile data to each , normalizes and de-dupes them , and syncs them back in real-time . within the next month we plan to roll out our public beta , which will support the linking of all of the above sources - meaning you can unify contacts across all your social networks/google accounts and have all your contacts in one place , automatically up-to-date . because we offer two-way sync in real-time , changes made in google contacts sync to fullcontact , and vice-versa - meaning that your data is your data , and stays where you want it ( no walled gardens ) . again , i work for them , so you had probably be right to take what i am saying with a grain of salt . but based on what you posted , it looks like the fullcontact address book will do almost everything you are looking to do ( with the possible exception of xing , which is currently not supported , but on the roadmap ) . i am not aware of any other app out there that does quite what we do , save smartr - which it sounds like you have already tried . good luck !
turns out i had to change this via the " mail settings " menu in gmail , under the general menu is a my picture menu , where you can select the image used for google + , google voice and apparently the icon used for contacts synched with gmail .
try isyncr . they have a wifi add on also .
new version of handcent with its group sms plugin does the job perfectly .
if your question is about global language support , you might want to check how do i add a new language ? if you however simply refer to keyboard layouts : this very much depends on the keyboard/ ime used . there is e.g. touchpal keyboard available on the playstore -- and also a lot of language packs for e.g. hebrew , spanish , russian , or even handwriting . same applies to some other keyboard apps , like e.g. anysoftkeyboard ( which even offers a pack for bb-codes used in forums ) , ice cream sandwich keyboard , perfect keyboard , and others . though your question says you are probably rather looking for the former : if it is just for the keyboard , the latter is the easier approach . while installing a complete language pack may provide you with support for your language in other apps , you should be aware the language must also be explicitly supported by that app itself .
usually , this is possible the very same way as you put cyanogenmod on your device : by flashing a rom . so before you start , make sure you either . . . have a stock rom available to flash ( see : where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ? ) have created a nandroid backup of your device immediately before you start flashing ( requires a custom recovery , see recovery-mode ) in both cases , you can return to stock rom : either by flashing a stock image ( and then start like after a factory-reset ) , or by restoring the nandroid backup ( and take off at the time you have created it , including all your apps and data ) . two things to consider : there might be dependencies between device-firmware ( rom ) and radio-firmware . so if installing cyanogenmod ( or any custom rom ) goes along with a different radio image , a return might be different ( you might need the original radio image as well ) or difficult ( in case downgrade of the radio is not possible ) . however , cases where this applies are rare . nandroid backup does not take care of your sdcard . so if you have apps installed on sdcard , you need to deal with them separately .
the problem is resolved with the new update available from lg
though it went unmentioned during today 's google i/o keynote , the google play website now offers the option of updating and/or uninstalling apps from android hardware directly in the browser . by heading to the " my android apps " tab of the play portal , you will see a list of all applications that reside on your smartphone or tablet ; users with multiple devices can view a breakdown of what apps are installed where . though sorting is alphabetical , apps with pending available updates will be listed first . clicking a gray update button will immediately start the download on the target android product , though sadly there is no " update all " option just yet . uninstalls are equally as simple : selecting the trash can icon underneath each app first brings up a warning dialog that acts as a nice safeguard against unintentional deletions . clicking through this leads to the immediate removal of the app in question from your device . source : http://www.theverge.com/2012/6/27/3121959/google-play-website-update-uninstall-android-apps
i believe this problem was caused by having swype installed to the sd card . moving swype back to the phone 's internal storage seems to have fixed the problem . Settings--&gt;Applications--&gt;Manage Applications--&gt;Swype--&gt;Select "move to phone" 
your restriction ( no 3rd party apps ) will keep a better fitting answer away , i would say . what you describe is a task not for tasker , but for . . . oh , i shall not mention it you wrote . . . your problem is most likely that tasker very well catches the boot_completed event , but the apps to kill have been waiting for the same . so when tasker looks to kill them , they are not yet started . your task thus finishes without anything done , and whoop ! then the unwanted apps start . so if you really want to do this via tasker , i would insert a Tasker -&gt; Wait at the very beginning of the task . play with the values , start with 15s and increase in 15s steps until either it works or your reach a point where it is unlikely to work ( say e.g. 2 min , or you see the apps have started and your task did not kill them ) . if that still does not work , combine it with switching the condition : in case tasker really cannot catch the boot_completed ( well , tasker itself is started then ) , switch to " monitoring start " , and start over with 15s wait again . finally , though you did not want 3rd party apps , just in case you re-think that : autorun manager does this job quite fine , without any hazzle . on rooted devices , it even can disable other intents than just boot_completed listeners .
the default browser is , as far as i can make out , simply called ' browser ' , and is based on the webkit rendering engine . android 2.2 and above use the v8 javascript engine . the combination of webkit and v8 make the browser very similar to desktop chrome . there is a similar question here : which is the android 's default browser ? .
first , in the facebook app , go to settings -> sync contacts -> check either sync all or sync with existing contacts . then in the contacts app , go to display options and find your facebook account in the list , then check all contacts . they should show up in your contact list then . to join them with existing google contacts , go into one of the contacts , edit it , hit menu and select join , then find the other contact and select it .
for this to work seamlessly you would need an smb server on your phone . there is such an app , available via this forum thread . it needs root , and it looks like results vary by device . at least one reason why root is required is that normal users are not allowed to open ports below 1024 , whilst by convention , smb servers use ports 135-139 . an alternative is the on air ( wifi disk ) app , available in the market . whilst not quite seamless , this does give you access to your sd card via appletalk , webdav or good old ftp . i have just tested with an htc desire hd and windows xp over webdav and it appears to work well . the windows xp webdav client is a bit ropey , but that is not really the fault of android or on air : ) the on air app itself warns of issues using the built-in webdav clients for vista and windows 7 , and recommends a standalone client .
only the root user can set the date . if your phone is already rooted , just type su enter to get into a root shell , then the command you want to run . if your phone is not already rooted , you will need to get root access first . see how do i root my android device ?
1 ) what is the code name for the sprint nexus s 4g which is a cdma phone but not a the verizon codename ? the crespo codename is the gsm variant of the nexus s ( verizon never carried it ) . sprint 's ns4g is simply codenamed crespo4g . 2 ) does that link have the proper roms for this phone ? no , those are all for the gsm crespo version . 3 ) other options ? i need to flash this back to 2.3.6 where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ? covers your options pretty well . in this case , the first heading of the answer will be a good start : google flagship updates google hosts update packages for the flagship nexus devices at http://android.clients.google.com/packages/ . you can not browse that link directly , but web search is your friend here . search for that link plus the code name of the device and the version you want ; for example , searching android.clients.google.com/packages crespo ics results in a lot of pages with this link -- the ota ice cream sandwich update for the t-mobile nexus s . searching for android.clients.google.com/packages "crespo4g" gingerbread returns a number of results . one of them is this xda thread , with a collection of links to stock firmwares .
go to settings -> backup and reset . then check ' backup my data ' and ' automatic restore ' . an alternative is to use an app like ultimate backup or titanium .
solution : apparently there is a bug with this in android 3.2 . rotating your xoom will fix it .
nope you can not . android phones are a bit " blocked " for other oses to be run and installed on the device . . . by the way the first approach for this can be found at hd2 toolbox and hot bootloader , which may help developers to build boot some other oses on top of android . different from the windows mobile era , that for example my htc touch pro2 can run android ( fully featured ) and ubuntu ( with some restrictions ) , not to mention al those oses that have been ported to the htc leo ( hd2 ) .
raw contacts are joined according to rules described at using the contacts api : two raw contacts are considered to be a match if at least one of these conditions is met : they have matching names . their names consist of the same words but in different order ( for example , " bob parr " and " parr , bob" ) one of them has a common short name for the other ( for example , " bob parr " and " robert parr" ) one of them has just a first or last name and it matches the other raw contact . this rule is less reliable , so it only applies if the two raw contacts are also sharing some other data like a phone number , an email address or a nickname ( for example , helen [ "elastigirl" ] = helen parr [ "elastigirl" ] ) at least one of the two raw contacts is missing the name altogether and they are sharing a phone number , an email address or a nickname ( for example , bob parr> [incredible@android.com] = incredible@android.com ) . when comparing names , the system ignores upper/lower case differences ( bob=bob=bob ) and diacritical marks ( hélène=helene ) . when comparing two phone numbers the system ignores special characters such as "*" , "#" , " ( " , " ) " , and whitespace . also if the only difference between two numbers is that one has a country code and the other does not , then the system considers those to be a match ( except for numbers in the japan country code ) . automatic aggregation is not permanent ; any change of a constituent raw contact may create a new aggregate or break up an existing one . there is also explicit aggregation , that can be set for raw contacts , if a user explicitly wants two contacts to be joined . read more about it in the article .
when you are in the browser , open the menu , choose More | Settings and select " set home page " .
not a direct answer , but there is an effort underway to improve the mobile versions of the stack exchange sites . stackexchange-url i have used my android browser to interact with the stack exchange sites and it works pretty well .
realsilent may do the trick for you : there is a bug report for this issue , but it has not been acknowledged by google .
fixed it by rooting the phone with a different kernel version . installing in appropriate kernel was the reason for this problem .
it may be your file explorer is not written well . you could try to use a different file explorer , such as es file explorer . or , try going about it from a different way . instead of using your email program to look for an attachment , use your file explorer to ' share ' the attachment , and choose to share it via your email app . it will add the file as an attachment and open your email app . as long as your email client is listed as a possible ' share ' app , this should work . if neither of those work , try getting a new email client . since the email client is not showing all of your file explorer apps when selecting to add an attachment , it may have written its own ( poorly designed ) app selector .
does this work for you ? contacts -> menu -> delete -> select all -> delete if not there are apps " delete contacts " in the market you could try .
the stock android browser , as long as the website uses a file upload control it can . i just used the upload tool on twitpic , which uses flash , allows me to select audio , video or image files , and uploads them to twitpic .
similar to this question which asks about 2.2.1 , there do not seem to be any real " changelogs " made available for android updates . however , you can look at their git repository to see the commit log . here 's the shortlog for the 2.3.4_r1 tag . the summary : mostly bugfixes , and the addition of video/voice chat for the google talk app . apparently this is only enabled on the nexus s since the nexus one does not have a front-facing camera , but i do not know that for certain . in any case , the video/voice chat could probably be made to work on the nexus one somehow considering that it has already landed on the cyanogenmod codebase ( and the latest nightly builds ) , so it is more or less working on other " unsupported " phones already . i know the evo has a working implementation in the latest cm7 nightly build , though it did crash when i tried to switch to my rear camera ( not that i would really need to do that ) .
have you installed any custom calling app ? i am sure that this is not the case on my default stock calling app .
i will put this altogether here . google and some oems do not seem to be supporting fm anymore , as evident in the nexus 4 and 5 not having any fm hardware built in . the samsung galaxy s4 also are carrying on this trend . the theory being that there are internet raido services that can stream thousands of channels . which does not suit everyone . the theory is that it saves space for the hardware and cost in manufacture . android forums discussion on the lack of fm on nexus 5 this xda thread suggests it is not possible however there are fm apps out there . this is a very lowly reviwed fm app on the play store that claims to use the tuner . update : does not work on htc one . this xda thread has an attached apk for an fm tuner that may work . i have not tested , the usual warnings about unknown sources applies , of course . another xda fm radio for rooted devices there is one more here the one that is most recommended that i have found is spirit fm which specifically states that no internet connection is required . try them out , see what works , and most of all be wary of permissions and apps you are not confident about .
i was surprised there was no official google app . i am using cloud print on my galaxy s3 .
as far as i know this is not possible . imho , it contradicts google 's incentive to have an as best as possible geolocation service . some background information : google maintains a huge database for its geolocation service ( "access coarse location " permission ) . it consists of : wifi access point mappings : wifi mac address resolve to a geolocation cell tower mapping : cell tower id 's resolve to a geolocation this database is " community " crowd-sourced by the huge android user base , aka . everyone that has google 's location service enabled ( see below ) google is interested to have a high quality database , i.e. convince you to opt in to allowing your phone to be part of the crowd-sourcing hence : if you want to use ' coarse location ' services from google you opt in to constant data mining as long as it is enabled ps : disabling wifi only cuts you off from one of the possible information sources . having cell tower id 's will still give you coarse location , but with lower accuracy some may recall the skyhook vs . google dispute where google seemingly pressured motorola and samsung to prefer google 's own geolocation service over that of skyhook ( out of fear for losing part of the crowdsourcing community if those two big players would have used the 3rd party skyhook service ) . source : theverge
on the htc incredible i just searched for the particular app in the market , selected it and unchecked " allow automatic updating " from there . hopefully it works that way on your phone ( and others ) .
no you can not flash an international rom on your device . because your phone 's configuration is different than international version . details are given below : chipset : qualcomm msm8960 snapdragon ( at and t ) ----- nvidia tegra 3 ( international ) cpu : dual-core 1.5 ghz krait ( at and t ) ----- quad-core 1.5 ghz ( international ) gpu : adreno 225 ( at and t ) --------- ulp geforce ( international ) if you flash this , it may brick your phone . see this
you can take screen shots with ddms and the android sdk . it is not hard to set up . see http://www.thefireblog.com/2011/11/16/houston-we-have-screenshots/: so , here’s a quick summary people : install the android sdk tools , then the platform-tools edit your adb_usb . ini file to add the 0×1949 vendor id at the end ensure that adb is running properly check that your device is online run ddms start taking your screenshots using the device > screen capture option .
yup , it is perfectly fine . i do it regularly while playing games .
solution as per link provided by op : vijesh finally was able to solve his issue using the all-in-one toolkit , following the instructions from this xda thread . this toolkit requires windows . not explicitly mentioned in the xda thread , but most likely this means you have also to install the appropriate device drivers for your smartphone . but it looks like the toolkit offers to do that for you as well , see the item i - install apx drivers in below screenshot : the all-in-one toolkit ( source : xda ; click image for larger variant ) the tool seems to be pretty self-explaining . for the installation , you simply run the self-extractor , which prompts you for a target directory . then you start the tool , and select the wanted item ( here probably 6 - lg update tool ) . again , everything runs almost automatically -- simply follow the instructions given . the .kdz file should be flashed then to the device , and you will end up with the fresh rom installed .
there is no way to tell if the call is coming from google voice unless you change your settings to show the google voice number , but then as chris stated , you wont know who is calling . the reason , it is not the google voice app that handles the incoming call , you can actually receive google voice calls to your phone without even having the app installed . the google voice servers forward the call to your number ( s ) , and based on your settings , they send either the callers info or your google voice number with the " caller id " info .
with the stock keyboards , no . some 3rd party keyboards may allow this , but i do not know any . there are some keyboards that have additional options too .
first , if there is a signature mismatch and i am sure the original app comes from a trusted source , i would doubt the source the " update " comes from : the .apk very likely is manipulated , and might include malware -- so be warned ! i do not know the " one mobile market " you have downloaded it from , so i cannot tell for sure . if you still want to install the new .apk: yes , removing ( uninstalling ) the previously installed app and the installing the downloaded version should work . if the first one was installed as a system app , you will need the appropriate system tools to uninstall it ( e . g . titanium backup -- which you then could also use to create a backup before removing the app , just in case ) . alternatively , if you know the right command line tools , you can do it also via adb shell . as the app in question does not require to be made a system app , installation can be done normally without any root stuff : just tap the .apk in your file explorer , and let the normal installer do its job . after that , watch out for any strange behavior -- just in case the .apk introduced malware .
well it starts because that is how dev coded it . you can try programs like startup manager that will kill the program once it starts .
be patient , it can take a while for your device to show on there
auto-fit is supposed to force the text to wrap based on the size of your screen when you zoom in on a web page . i think . as long as i am connecting the right term with the right action , it has limits . for instance , the page width does not actually change , and images and side bars will not change position , shape , or size . basically it is designed to keep you from scrolling sideways to read the text of an article .
you do not need root . you also do not need a terminal , for an app to use its own private utilities . but if you want vim , terminal ide provides that , a number of other utilities ( git , ssh , tmux ) , the ability to use bash or java as a ' scripting language ' at the terminal , and the ability to create and install android apps on-device . i use terminal ide and vim quite a bit , ( but with better terminal emulator pro 's terminal , actually . )
if you can , boot into fastboot by holding down both volume keys and pressing the power key , then start recovery and do a factory reset .
if your device has a directional pad ( or a trackball ) , then when you press down , the previous search key would show up in the search box and is editable .
go download poweramp . best $5 i ever spent on an app . it includes lockscreen controls and i am pretty sure you can set up lockscreen gestures to do whatever you want . i will confirm this real quick on my installation . edit : confirmed on the lockscreen gestures . swiping left and right over the album art will skip the track forward and backward by default , from anywhere in the app or on the lockscreen .
android os versions 3 . x and above ( honeycomb , ice cream sandwich ) actually have a setting that allows you to specify " owner info " text that will show up when the device is locked . there are also many 3rd-party locks-creen replacement apps that allow for much greater configuration flexibility than the stock one , including the ability to specify any text on the locks-creen . take a look at widgetlocker or go locker , for example . for the " unlocked " state , you can always modify an image to include the " if found . . . " text , copy it onto the device 's sd card ( or internal storage area ) , and set that as the wallpaper . you can use one of the myriad of free image editing software ( e . g . paint .net) to add the text .
asssuming you mean adobe photoshop express it is set by default to only show you camera pictures . you should be able to change a setting to make it look at the rest of your phone 's storage . open photoshop express , press menu ( on ics press the ... in the corner of the screen ) , select more and then settings and scroll down to near the bottom where you should see the option show camera photos only in phone view , take the tick out of the box and press back to get back to the main photoshop express window where you should already see it filling up with all the pictures it can find .
yes , connectbot supports pubkey authentication and tunnels .
in this case an os upgrade solved the issue . for someone in a similar situation without an os upgrade ( or other fix ) in sight , it might be worth taking a look at vcard manager ( which claims to be able to open all types of vcards ) or contacts vcf , which says to open any .vcf file : vcard manager and contacts vcf ( source : google play ; click images for larger variants )
your bar code is being recognized as physical keyboard . hence the soft virtual keyboard on your android is been disabled . . option 1: try manually checking the keyboard setting after you connect the bar code reader . go to settings -> language and input -> and check if the keyboard options are disabled and if so , try enabling them . option 2: go to settings -> language and input -> keyboard ( and input methods ) -> and check for " use physical keyboard " and put it to " off " . if the above does not work , can you send the phone model and bar code model .
only devices with nvidia tegra chips in them can be completely restored to factory conditions . when you root your phone , the warranty is void , and there is no sending it back . you can back-up a rom and before booting , wipe the phone 's rom and restore one of the backed up roms . backing up and restoring is very time consuming , though . you would only want to do that so you could perhaps have an aosp rom , a touchwhiz rom , and perhaps a cm9 or aokp rom as well-- trust me , you will be too busy flashing new updates to worry about switching between backups . head over to http://forum.xda-developers.com/forumdisplay.php?f=1346 for the low down on the rest . you can never read enough , really-- the different roms will be under the development section .
in general , you should never assume that any internet connection is secure . not even if you owned the hotspot . internet is built under the assumption that intermediary links are unreliable and not necessarily trustworthy ( not even your service provider or the backbone operators should be considered trustworthy ) . that is why we have developed various authentication and encryption protocols which can ensure secure communication through these untrustworthy channels . in short , use https or ssl when accessing informations that you do not want anyone snooping on and do not use apps that do not use https/ssl . gmail always uses ssl when communicating with google servers , although last time i checked not for calendar or contacts , though this may have changed since then .
if it does not work out of the box , which is the case with many android phones , then you have a few different options : a launcher replacement which adds this feature ( may not work with all roms ) a custom rom like cyanogen mod , which has this feature built in . you can read more about custom roms here wait for an official update which adds this feature . ( may never happen )
yes , it is possible . some devices even have an official ( branded ) adaptor for doing this , such as the asus transformer tf-101 . as you surmise , though , if the tablet does not support it , external convertors are quite unwieldy and typically need their own power supply , as they typically have to buffer a whole frame at a time in order to work . newer data projectors support hdmi or even mhl input , which allows you to use any tablet or phone with micro-hdmi or mhl output , with the appropriate cable . using either method , the presentations do not have to be of what is on your screen . android 4.1 and up provide a way for apps to send different visuals to the external display from the built-in screen , so ( for example ) presentation apps can show your slide on the big screen and notes and controls on the tablet itself .
okay , somehow or the other , i got it to work using tips gleaned from various links from googling ' brand new galaxy nexus not booting ' . i have not figured out the issue , but i had the phone plugged in without the battery and inserting the battery then showed me battery charging image on the phone for the first time , but it quickly died out and i could not start the phone . after subtly pressuring the battery randomly , i got the charging screen back and switched it on . some of the posts in the aforementioned googling suggested there might be slight defects in the chinese-made galaxy nexuses ( apparently it was made in both korea and china ) , and mine is made in china . it might have to do with the battery not getting placed just right . i suggest to anyone facing similar issues to try to see if there is any effect with inserting the battery with the phone plugged in as i did in my case .
you need to install the speech synthesis data for the tts engine . you can find it on the play store here .
it sounds like no one has cracked the latest version of your firmware to allow for root access so you will have to downgrade to an earlier version of your stock rom . you may have already seen all this in your travels but if not , it may help . warning , this is by no means a definitive guide , but it is my best shot : downgrade your firmware : here is an old guide on how to downgrade , but it still should be relevant . here are old roms for your phone . root : this guide over at xda is pretty comprehensive . it was last updated in august , but it looks like it was edited just two weeks ago so it should still be good info . i would read through the thread and to see how it is been working for people . there may actually be more relevant instructions later on in the thread . again , i have no idea if this will work , so proceed at your own risk .
okay , . . . there was no app that i could find that would do this . so , i wrote one . it actually uses home screen shortcuts , not live folders , due to the way they are implemented and the complexity of coding them . if anyone should be interested , i have since rewritten it . . . you can find the new one here : live groups .
no , it is because at first boot ( ie : inizialization ) , android creates a battery stat file to calibrate the battery . after the first boot , you can start android with any battery percentage . if you think that after a long time , the battery percentage is not correctly reported , you can force android to recreate the stats file with some root utilities available in the market skype/msn do draw a lot of battery , anyway , if you are using them from windows mobile , they are not running from android . you could try using greenpower or juicedefender to see if the data connection is the problem
go to samsung kies software , on top left of the window , click the menu > driver recovery . let it reinstall drivers after driver installation finished , go to your phone , settings> application > development , tick usb debugging mode . under usb debugging mode connect your phone to the pc with usb . it installs correctly ! disconnect from pc untick usb debugging mode connect again and it works ! courtesy forum . ausdroid .net- usb not working ( mtp restarting )
when you create a new avd ( android virtual device ) . under hardware , click new : from the drop down list of property , select device ram size . click ok . you can now put a value beside of device ram size of how big you want it to be . note : you have to create a new avd . you can not edit them as far as i know .
launch chrome in the overflow menu , choose Settings under basics , tap the entry for your account disconnect the account ; you will be warned that the data will remain but you will lose your synchronization tap Sign in to Chrome at the bottom of the screen choose the account you want to use for synchronizing obviously for this to work you will need to have already added the account to your phone .
according to google i/o , ble will only be supported with android l . ( source : https://plus.google.com/117159045047546859181/posts/79nqfuwxezk )
the info i am finding suggests that you need a 4-ring trrs connector to use a mic , and that the bundled sound recorder app will ignore this regardless and just use the internal mic , so you will need a different recording app .
your contacts should all be backed up to the google account you registered your phone with , provided that you are saving your contacts to google and not your sim card . check to make sure that you are using google as your default contact list , and that syncing for contacts for that account is checked . update : you can use titanium backup to migrate settings between rom wipes for other apps/contacts .
if you have not tried this yet , i think you should try syncing your device . to sync the device , you tap on the settings button on the top right and select sync .
check this article out . using m . boomeranggmail . com you can sign in with your gmail account and schedule delivery times for your emails . as of now there is not a standalone app , only the mobile web app . but it will do what you are wanting !
you can use the itravelfree app to save wikitravel pages and view them offline .
.Trash-1000 is a metafolder like windows 's recycle bin , normally created by ubuntu ( and perhaps other linux variants ) . have you deleted anything on your sd card from your pc ? that would explain it . you can safely delete it . see also : http://superuser.com/questions/169980/what-is-trash-and-trash-1000
try screebl - it makes use of the internal sensor to determine whether the phone 's vertical and turns the screen on/off during a call according to the options specified .
in android development there are different logging levels . for example , there is Log.v for verbose , Log.e for level error , Log.w for level warn . all these are visible in logcat during development . then there is Log.wtf which is like Log.e except it has level assert which may actually terminate the program depending on the system . ideally , this should never happen in your app . sidenote : wtf stands for " what a terrible failure " . android docs on this : http://developer.android.com/reference/android/util/log.html
unfortunately , offline voice recognition is only available for devices running android 4.1 ( jelly bean ) and above - anything below that will not receive support . there is , however , another hidden requirement - your device must have a sufficient amount of ram in order to be able to download the offline voice recognition files from google . my incredible s is running 4.2.2 and with 572 mbs of ram i do not see the option . should you receive an upgrade to 4.1+ ( by root or other means ) , you may go to Language and Input in settings and select Download offline speech recognition under Voice Search .
i would recommend switching to k-9 mail if the default email app can not handle this . in k-9 mail , once you have set up your account , long-press it and select Account settings -&gt; Folders . on this page you can change the Drafts folder , Sent folder , Spam folder and Trash folder to your preferred ones .
i was correct - the stock recovery was not being substituted for a custom recovery . i have since tried a number of things : first i tried installing the " freegee " app . trying to install a custom recovery resulted in the error " your devices specific software version of d80220d is not currently supported " . second , i tried following this guide resulted in the error : Loki tool v2.1 [-] Loki aboot version does not match device. 1|root@g2:/data/local/tmp # exit 1|shell@g2:/ $  what eventually worked was downloading the autorec . apk for the lg g2 d802 and installing it using adb : adb install d802_autorec . apk i downloaded the . apk from here . twrp recovery was installed successfully . more information on autorec is here .
the power + vol- combo is not instant , you have to hold it for a couple of seconds . and , as you noted , press the power button first or you will get the volume control and power off your phone .
the solution to my problem was simply revoking all authorisations granted to computers already . after rebooting both my galaxy s3 and my laptop , the pop-up appeared again and i could continue the installation of cyanogenmod , which has now succesfully completed .
have you restarted your device since removing the app ? if you have simply deleted the . apk using root explorer then then it will not have performed the ' cleanup ' that normally happens when uninstalling an application . restarting your device should cause the app drawer to re-detect the installed apps and the icon should disappear . this answer ( relevant part quoted below ) explains a bit about what happens when uninstalling an app ' properly ' , this will not have happened if you have simply removed the apk file . when you uninstall a package , it also removes other data to do with that package : for example , the app 's own private data , its data on the sd card , your default preferences for that app . it also tells any other interested apps that you have removed the app , via an intent broadcast . other apps receiving that broadcast might take further action based on that : for example , a launcher ( home screen app ) would remove desktop shortcuts and widgets from that app , since they will not work any more . also , make sure you have checked /data/app as there may be another apk for google drive there if you have updated the app via the play store . if you remove the apk from here too ( if it exists ) then the icon should disappear . a reboot may still be required .
auto mount your sd card should do that for you : automatically mount your sd card . quit manually mounting your sd card every time you plug your phone into your computer . i used that one one of my phones when i still connected it frequently via usb , and it did its job wonderfully . the app is available for free on the playstore , so nothing to lose : )
yes ! you should be able to clear the stock app from being the default calendar app by following these steps : go to the phone settings select apps scroll to the right two screen , to the ' all ' section scroll down until you can find calendar , click on it scroll down the page and click the ' clear defaults ' button next time anything wants to use the calendar , you will be able to select which program you wish to use .
no , the key parts of the rom would be the kernel and all the drivers for the hardware . the boot image is likely different too . these devices are not the same so you would end up , at the very least , " soft bricking " your device . even when a device is basically the same , take all of the galaxy s devices ( vibrant , captivate , facinate , epic , i9000 ) , all are basically the same device , but you cannot " cross flash " the roms between them . this is because the smallest change in hardware or boot image prevents this .
install widgetlocker locksscreen . using it , you can put high no . of apps on lockscreen .
launch the google talk app open the overflow menu ( three vertical dots ) and choose Settings . tap the account you are using . check the Mobile indicator option . note : if you are signed in to your google account on a pc ( like if you left your browser open and logged in to gmail ) the mobile indicator may not be displayed . ( for reference : android version 4.1.1 , google talk v . 4.1.1 - 424425 )
technically no , you do not have to root your current rom before you can flash cyanogenmod on your s3 . instead , you will simply gain root when you flash cyanogenmod itself . this is due to the way in which samsung 's bootloaders work in comparison to the ones on other devices . samsung devices effectively have unlocked bootloaders right out of the gate , but they do not have a way to use the fastboot utility that other devices use . instead , you can use the odin utility ( and a third party , cross platform implementation : heimdall ) to reflash the device from its " download mode " at any time , as the cm installation instructions describe . therefore , since download mode is accessible to the end user without any sort of modifications to the device , you do not need to " root " beforehand in order to install a custom recovery ( and , by association , custom roms ) . the reason why you need root on many other devices is because it is the only way to write to the recovery partition and get the custom recovery installed . often this requires unlocking the bootloader in the process as well .
i do not think there is a way android will work on itunes natively . i would suggest look at media players that sync with the itunes program itself i have not tried this but http://www.winamp.com has this feature for a while and is free . its also mac http://www.winamp.com/mac os x 10.6 and above http://blog.winamp.com/2010/11/30/sync-your-itunes-library-to-android-with-winamp/ the media you talked about that is streaming will hopefully be synced into winamp through playlists , however if this does not work that is a whole other question and may be different from stream to stream . http://www.clementine-player.org/ is a good free opensource alternative for windows etc that syncs with android players quitewell and has many streaming features built in . if your itunes is stuck on a powerpc you might not have a choice but to backup your itunes library and restore it to another computer . so on your itunes on your old powerpc backup the library to some removable media to restore on your windows itunes http://support.apple.com/kb/ht1382?viewlocale=en_us there are also other methods here http://support.apple.com/kb/ht4527 it all depends on your setup and needs .
it sounds like you are happy using google/gmail as an intermediary for the sync , if you have already tried google calendar sync , if so then there are a few options . it sounds unlikely from your question , but if you are part of an organisation that is given you a paid-for google apps account then google apps sync is available for you . this syncs an outlook calendar , contacts and mail with a google apps gmail account , and from there you can easily sync with your phone . unfortunately this is not available for standard gmail/google accounts , or for free google apps accounts . other , third party , options to sync outlook with a gmail account are go contact sync ( free ) , companionlink ( paid app ) or goosync ( subscription service with free trial ) .
the line down the middle points to this being a problem with the screen 's backlight . the backlight illuminates the screen from behind : the screen itself is essentially a coloured filter , which you would not be able to see without a light source . from the excessive brightness i would say it is possible the backlight has been receiving too much voltage from the rest of the system . this could have been caused by a problem in the drivers for the screen . in normal use , they control the voltage to the backlight in order to make the screen brighter or dimmer , but it could be that in this case a bug made them supply too much voltage . the backlight is actually in two halves , which can be independently controlled ( but usually are not ) : the line down the middle appears if they are not quite receiving the same voltage . if the problem went away on its own , there is probably nothing to worry about , but there is a small risk that the extra voltage may have permanently damaged the backlight . normally i would expect a voltage regulator to turn it off completely before getting to dangerous levels , but only the manufacturer would know for sure . as it is still in warranty , you should check with them . ( they may also be interested to investigate this to avoid the problem happening again to anyone else . ) you say there is still a little whiteness around the edge of the screen when it is on but entirely black : this is normal for backlit lcd screens . it happens because the blackest black the screen can display does not quite manage to filter out all the light . the filtering is worst around the edge of the screen because that is where the light comes through at an angle ( and on some displays because the light leaks around the outside of the screen ) . you probably just did not notice it before because you were not looking for it .
buy a nexus s device directly from google . they will be the fastest at updating to the latest firmware . and they will always ship with stock android . everyone else is way behind . most are behind because they add customizations to android and have to make their changes , then they have to go through the google approval process . not to mention then having to go through the carriers testing process for deployment .
i do not know enough about aviate to know for sure , but i can guess based on the way icons normally work in android . an app 's icon has different versions for different screen dpis , so there is no need to resize nor antialias icons . note that antialiasing is not the answer here : it works by blurring icons , so they still look wrong , just in a different way . the stock android launcher always uses the right icon for the screen 's dpi . ( actually , it uses the icon one size up , because it displays the icons larger than in early android versions when the launcher icon sizes were set . ) if the app does not come with an icon in the correct size , it uses a smaller icon . that is why , if you have what android calls an xhdpi screen ( 240 dpi or above ) , some apps will have smaller icons : it is because they do not have an xxhdpi icon . from what you describe , it looks like the icon pack that is giving you trouble does not have any icons for your screen resolution . perhaps the author of the icon pack did not realise about the different dpis . perhaps it is some limitation of the icon pack format , which is not an android standard . when this happens , aviate is picking the next smaller size and scaling up . there is no reason they could not use linear or cubic interpolation to replace the jaggies ( yes , that is the technical term ) with blurriness . if they are using the standard ImageView component , it is just a question of setting a flag on it when the icon size is wrong . however , that would be slower , and they had need to be careful to only do that when the icon is missing . it is possible there is some reason within aviate that they could not do that ; otoh , it is possible they have just never tried using icon packs with missing dpis , or they want to make it obvious to encourage icon authors to do the right thing .
i did some searching due to the other answer and found someone on xda claiming that this is a market/play bug , and you are seeing it because the market thinks one of your apps is actually that ojsc mobile app . even better , i found this just-published story on the verge : samsung has several pieces of software that it installs on it devices but that are not in the google play store ( for obvious reasons ) . however , every single android app has an app name that identifies it on the android system , in this case the " unique " name is com . seven . z7 , which identifies samsung 's email app . what appears to have happened is that russian developer ojsc mobile telesystems gave that unique identifier to its "мтс мобильная почта" app , and so these samsung devices were tricked into thinking it was an update to samsung 's email client . since google play allows for automatic updating of all apps , it was installed on many devices . i could not find the app in the play store anymore , so perhaps google has taken it down to resolve this . below is the original version of this post , which would still be applicable in more normal circumstances . if it is a system app for supporting cyrillic text , which is what it sounds like , it could hardly be called malware . crapware , perhaps , if you do not need it . if you do not need it , then no need to update ( unless you want to be rid of the notification , though in that case i recommend rooting and removing the app ) . no reason not to update either i would say &mdash ; you already have it on your device , so unless it is doing something nasty in the new version in particular then you have already been exposed to any dangers it may contain :p . of course , updating will require more space on your device unless you are rooted and can entirely replace the original version with the update ( normally the system keeps all original versions of system apps ) .
it looks like an update to acal has resolved my issues . so i still do not know how to troubleshoot , but it is working .
yes .
to completely remove them from device , go into : Settings -&gt; Accounts and sync -&gt; (select your account) -&gt; Turn "Sync Contacts" off  now delete gmail contacts from your phone : use the method @ames suggested to filter out gmail contacts only delete all contacts ( only gmail ones will get deleted ) revert to displaying other contacts . since contacts will not be synced , this will neither delete your contacts from web version of gmail nor bring them back to your device . just be careful not to turn this setting back on .
fast answer : nes . yo . well , it all depends . . . on how you use your device . detailed answer self-experiment i just did a self-experiment to find out . until now , i had all my devices fixed to 2g -- as that should " save juice " , like the question suggests . so for 4 days now , i have 3g enabled . surprisingly : no difference which could not be explained by measurement errors or slightly different situations ( after all , i had a . no lab conditions and b . just tested with a single device ) . humm . time to go for some facts , and do some calculations . hard data i already posted some hard data on battery consumptions of components as answer to the question what can i do to increase battery life on my android device ? , more than half a year ago . so now i picked the relevant values , made an average over the two devices , and -- i admit -- slightly adjusted things to reduce differences : i took the best gsm ( 2g ) speed possible to make 2g seem faster i took worse conditions to " slow down " umts ( 3g ) to conditions which should be met even in areas where it was not improved to the " the latest cutting-edge " ( oh , speaking of " edge": 2g assumes edge here ) . and now i have got some surprising answers : whether 2g saves more juice than 3g , or vice versa , depends on how you use your device . i created 4 different " usage-groups " , and added a 5 th special case at the end . here are my results : few phone minutes , few data yeah -- that is me : 150 . . 300 minutes talk per month , that makes not more than an average of 5 . . 10 min per day . i have a 50 mb data flat , and hardly ever use it up ( which makes for ~ 1.5 mb/day ) . so i am mostly left with " standby": ~umts stdby 15 mw ~gsm stdby 10 mw consider that your screen uses 400 . . 800 mw on average when turned on , a difference of 5 mw can safely be ignored . besides , the little data even compensate -- but i get ahead of myself . the 24/7 caller with no time for data . . . better switches to 2g : ~umts tel 800 mw ~gsm tel 400 mw as you can see , when on-call , 3g uses about twice as much juice than 2g would use ( and you do not speak faster on 3g -- a call is a call , and will take the same time ) . so if you spend a lot of time in calls , and have only little data traffic , you are much better off with 2g/gsm . few phone minutes , but big data sucker here comes the big surprise : this group saves a lot when sticking with 3g/umts : ~umts xfer 1200 mw ~edge xfer 1000 mw does not look like a huge difference ? ok : looking on " how much does it suck per minute " might not make the big deal . so we need a second component : ~umts speed dl/ul 7/1 mbit/s ( hsdpa/hsupa ) ~edge speed dl/ul 200/100 kbit/s you see i assumed max speed for edge , but not the state-of-the-art ( 20 mbit/s downstream ) for umts . umts coverage might differ between areas , but the 7+ mbit/s should be available everywhere . now let 's look how long the download/upload of 1 mb data takes , and how much juice that corresponds to : ~umts 1mb dl/ul 1s/8s ~ 1200/9600 mws ~edge 1mb dl/ul 40s/80s ~ 40.000/80.000 mws that is about a factor of 1:7 for upload , and even more than 1:30 for download ! so yeah : this group is definitely better off sticking to 3g ! ! ! multi-tasker : 24/7 on call while using full data this now very much depends on what " full data " stands for , and if you are really a 24/7 on-call-boy ( or girl ) . no clear answer for this , you must put your own data into the equation and do the calculation . it is rather 50:50 -- as with group #1 , you might run a " zero growth " -- or tend to either group 2 or group 3 . special case : the " hopper " especially in rural areas , coverage might be , humm , " slippery " . your device might be permanently toggling between 2g and 3g , always on the hunt for the better signal . here all the above might become relative , as the toggling itself is drinking the juice . if you are in such a situation : check to which of the 4 groups above you fit best , and fix your device to either 3g or 2g , depending on . btw : a similar situation would be if you have got the idea to toggle between 2g/3g whenever you switch your display off/on . as the toggling requires up to 10s full-power ( to find the corresponding stations ; 2g and 3g use different frequencies ) , you would not really " save juice " . epilog yepp , i completely forgot about 4g/lte . but incidentally . first : i have no 4g/lte device for a self-experiment . second : i have no " hard data " on 4g/lte . so all i could do is guessing . doing that , ok , ok : it most likely will be the same as above -- just increment the numbers by one : )
the anonym with the vague answer is correct , just not nearly complete . for keyboard-less phones ( like my n1 ) , the trackball or trackpad can be used to scroll down the list of suggestions , and that will enter them into the text field for editing . for most phones with a hardware keyboard like your droid , use the d-pad next to the keyboard to select the suggestion for editing ( some of them still retain a trackball or trackpad ) . once you have the correct entry in the search box , tap it to continue editing . btw , i just discovered this , and it is going to make my life a lot easier .
if you root your droid and install cyanogenmod there is something called dsp manager included which seems to do what you want .
i went for swiftkey . still waiting for czech language dictionary though :- )
yes you can add the email adress from your gapps account via settings > accounts and synchronisation > add account then enter your credentials and you can access your accounts email , contacts and calendar without automatically sharing information from your private calendar with your colleagues . but you need to watch out which account you use creating new calendar entries from now on . after that you need to open your calendar application and press menu > calendar > select the calendars you want to see . if you do not want to see your work emails you can easily decide which items you want to synchronize with your device . merging the calendars is not really necessary since you can view many different calendars in the calendar application .
with a terminal emulator app ( or via adb shell ) , you can use the following command to get a list of installed applications : pm list packages  there are some optional switches for this command that will give you more information , such as the location and name of the apk file as well . keep in mind that this command lists both 3rd-party app as well as system ones that came pre-installed on your device . if you are generating the list for the purpose of re-installing the apps on the new rom , you might want to look into the appbrain app market app . once you are signed in with your google account and synced up , it will save the installed apps as a list that you can view and manage online . after installing a new rom , you simply download the appbrain app from the market first and use it to re-install other apps from the saved list by doing the following : launch appbrain app . select the Manage And Sync option . sign in with the same google account as you did before . tap the My lists... button and select the list you have created previously . tap the Add all apps button . this will queue up all of the applications you had installed on the previous rom for installation . go back to the previous screen and tap the Execute changes button which will automatically bring you to the market page for installing the apps .
you can move any apps to sdcard if you are rooted . there are apps on the market for it move2sd enabler and app swap better yet , if you are using custom roms ( e . g . cyanogenmod ) , some of them have settings to allow you to migrate any apps . you might want to check those out first if you are using custom rom . if you want to do it manually ( not recommended for pregnant man , or those currently having a heart attack ) , then you can use terminal emulator or adb to run a few fairly standard set of linux/unix commands . the mount command can rebind any folder in your filesystem another location in the filesystem . alternatively , you may also create symbolic links using the ln command . see the mount and ln manual for this .
it is because apple has to look only over its iphone models , which are less in number . also ios is more efficient ( runs well on old hardware ) . and google also had claimed that kitkat will support low-on hardware devices well , and it does . but the problem with galaxy nexus is that texas instruments , its soc manufacturer has discontinued socs and probably even supporting them , so google had to discontinue software support for it , because the soc manufacturer has an important role in an android upgrade . it approves the software and also provides some essential drivers , and that was not obtained in the case of galaxy nexus , so it did not get an official update from google . if you are interested in running android 4.4 on your gnexus you can look to custom roms like cyanogenmod , omnirom , paranoid android etc . this will require you to unlock bootloader and root your phone .
you can connect your android device to your plasma television with an hdmi cable . ( though i would not suggest buying it from ebay . ) 1 sound should come from your television , i will bet . make sure the android hdmi adapter is compatible with your device first .
one option ( probably the easiest ) would be to install cyanogenmod on your phone . i do not recall offhand if the latest stable release ( 7.0.3 ) is based on 2.3.4 or 2.3.3 , but you could certainly use a nightly build instead which would be 2.3.4 . the forums for the droid can be found here , and they have a section for stable builds and a section for nightly builds that you can take a look at . for detailed instructions on how to prepare and install cyanogenmod , the best resource is their wiki page .
android shares very little with a typical linux distribution . in fact , this is where richard stallman 's " gnu/linux " distinction comes in handy — android is not really a unix-like general purpose operating system with a linux kernel . it is a new system which happens to use the linux kernel . this goes all the way down to its own custom libc implementation ( called " bionic" ) , which does not necessarily attempt posix compliance . this article from zdnet covers a talk which gives a pretty good overview of the system , and although it is a couple of years old it is still basically correct and helpful .
gmote will let you control your computer over wifi via your android phone . it basically treats it like a keyboard/mouse .
the short answer is no , the baseband firmware is not for public usage ( read carefully , i am referring to the programmatic details of this , i.e. api 's ) the baseband radio is isolated and proprietary and does not " exist " outside the realm of android , rather , its using libraries which are closed source that interacts with the radio firmware . if you are curious to know exactly behind the scenes in how android works with the radio firmware , look at my answer on stackoverflow , it is technically orientated but will emphasize my previous paragraph . and also , for consideration , to be honest , there is a grey area involved in using the gsm frequencies for short band transmission like as in walkie talkies , and furthermore , those gsm frequencies are explicitly reserved for the usage of gsm network traffic , 900mhz , 1800mhz , 2100mhz . another aspect , you may have to acquire a license for this to be able to do so as far as laws are concerned within the jurisdiction of your country . - that i do not know ! edit : radio fm apps that receives radio broadcasts of music , news etc , that is a different story , that uses a fm transmitter which is a s-o-c ; this will vary depending on the chip-set used , so do not get that mixed up either with radio firmware as far as 2g/3g is concerned : ) disclaimer : i am not a legal expert , but if , and this is a big if this is possible , to do this - take heed and consult with your local laws .
the answer to this question will likely vary from device to device because cyanogenmod focuses their efforts on popular devices , and older phones do not get as much love and attention . from my research , success with the pebble also then varies per device ( source 1 , 2 , 3 ) . some people have had success and never encounter a single issue . others have connectivity issues ( not connecting , connection drops , etc . ) or battery draining problems . suggested solutions are : flash a different kernel try any other aftermarket android project ( aokp , pacman , slimroms , paranoid ) conclusion : you will probably need to flash the rom ( s ) and test it yourself . always backup first . copy that backup to an external device , just in case . it more than likely that it will work without any hiccups . if for whatever reason you are not satisfied , then you can always restore to your backup . sidenote : your statement that " cyanogenmod does not include ' features ' which are in the normal android operating system " is incorrect . from cyanogenmod 's about page : based on the android open source project , cyanogenmod is designed to increase performance and reliability over android-based roms released by vendors and carriers such as google , t-mobile , htc , etc . they use the same android source code as any other vendor , except that they actually improve and enhance the android user experience . they do not remove standard features and services . i think of cm as what android should be , but thats debatable .
i have tried on my galaxy s3 and i could not find a way to do this . searching on the web returns nothing more ( aside of trying to delete/recreate an account until it is given the color you want , wich i did not tried ) . you can use another mail client than the one pre-installed on the gs3 . i have tried the following ones : maildroid : great one , possible to choose the color for each account from a palette , free version is add-based aquamail : good one too , you can choose the color for each account from 8 predefined colros , free version has no adds k-9 mail : possible to choose the color for each account from a palette , no adds , but looks a bit old
basic caveat . it is likely ( and to be expected ) that a firmware ( or os ) upgrade will wipe any user data or settings . these settings are not easily translated / adjusted across such an update . however , most tools will give such a warning before you proceed . in more detail . . firmware update ( rom code ) a firmware update will normally cause all user data , settings , and ( custom loaded ) applications to be lost . this is because many applications and your online identity ( connection to e-store ) are usually firmware specific . exceptions : for only a minor update it may be possible to just replace the firmware , and not disrupt the higher layers . this is only advice for developers and the truly adventurous . your specific case : you are attempting to replace the telstra ( big australian telco ) firmware with ( possibly ) later firmware . this will likely not include any telstra specific applications , and you would need to re-register the phone ( upon completion ) . by then all data , settings , and applications would have been lost . firmware update ( android os ) an android update will normally attempt to retain all user data , settings , and ( custom loaded ) applications . but this is only true for minor update , as major changes will make your existing applications incompatible . for each application , the vendor may provide an update with support for the new version to convert ( or import ) any old data . exceptions : if you are attempting a major android update ( eg . from 3.2 to 4.0+ ) this will very likely not retain ( in any useful form ) any of your settings . your specific case : if you were using kies to update android from 4.0 to 4.0.4 ( or similar ) this should be as painless as ota ( over-the-air ) updates ( prompted on your phone ) . however , it is not clear from your description what type of ' firmware ' ( android or rom ) it is suggesting . note : i have not used kies , as it has no linux support . recommendation : look at syncing or backup tools , to save any user data ( phone numbers , messages , etc . ) to your pc . any applications will be more of a problem , but will still available ( in the online e-store ) to again download .
yes mms can send png files . even if they change the extension , it should not matter as long as the mime type is in tact . and even if that is different , the image has a specific " header " that should be read by the mms app . afaik , android does not change the extension , or the mime type . ( at least the stock mms app , and the galaxy s app ) but that does not mean it will work with other phones . they might not have the ability to view the file type .
yes - all android devices will work without a sim card , and can be connected to wifi for an internet connection . edit : just so people know , there is a setting in the build . prop file that determines whether or the not the device can be used without a sim or not . most of the time this is set to allow it , however in rare cases it may be disallowed .
i would expect it to have an impact on both . an odexed app is optimized , not just precompiled . android runs on a huge variety of hardware , so platform-specific optimizations could result in significant performance gains .
usually the presence of logcat_cp_boot_radio*.log files point to an issue with the phone 's modem . it is possible that when you first rooted the device you flashed a rom which contained a modem firmware that was either old , or slightly incompatible with your current carrier . besides amassing large amounts of these log files , you would see frequent disconnects and reconnects from cell and data services when the radio crashes and restarts . while you can always keep deleting the log files every now and then to free up the memory , the larger issue will persist . in order to resolve the root cause of the ril crash , you will need to install the proper radio firmware . these differ based on geographic location , and sometimes on the carrier . the first step is to find the modem version that is currently installed on your phone . you can find this information in settings -> about phone , under the " baseband version . " it should start with " i19100" , and then followed by some letters and numbers . the letters represent a geographic location : ce---> belgium , luxembourg , netherlands dc---> thailand dd---> india dx---> indonesia , malaysia , philippines , singapore , vietnam dz---> malaysia , singapore ja---> south africa jc---> algeria , morocco , nigeria , south africa , tunisia jp---> arabic , algeria , egypt , iran , iraq , kuwait , morocco , nigeria , oman , pakistan , saudi arabia , syria jv---> tunisia , turkey ug---> north america uh---> latin america , the caribbean xe---> bulgaria , estonia , kazakhstan , latvia , lithuania , russia , ukraine xx---> austria , belgium , france , germany , hungary , united kingdom xw---> austria , belgium , france , germany , hungary , italy , nordic , spain , united kingdom zc---> china , hong kong zh---> hong kong zs---> china , hong kong zt---> taiwan and the numbers represent the version , incremented alphabetically . you should find the latest modem version based on the country you are in , and then flash it on your phone using either odin , or recovery ( must be a custom recovery like clockworkmod or twrp , for example . ) a quick google search yielded this site which contains clockworkmod-formatted modems for the galaxy s2 i9100 variant for various countries . i am not sure how recent it is , but this should start you off in the right direction .
opensource iptableslog app does exactly that . the features are : real time log display hostname resolving per app view filters based on app name , hostname , port it needs root and busybox .
on my samsung device it is : home > > menu > > settings > > voice input and output > > text-to-speech settings > > driving mode
got it , went snooping into handcent messaging settings and turned off pop up and notifications .
battery level estimation is usually performed by a special “fuel gauge” chip ; different phone models use different chips . e.g. , samsung gt-i8150 ( galaxy w ) , according to the kernel config , uses the maxim max17043 chip , which , according to its datasheet , does not have any inputs to measure the current — it has only a battery voltage sensor . according to the manufacturer 's description , this chip uses “a sophisticated li+ battery-modeling scheme , called modelgauge™ to track the battery’s relative state-of-charge ( soc ) continuously over a widely varying charge/discharge profile” . some information is available in the datasheet , but details of this “modelgauge” scheme do not seem to be publicly available . btw , the driver used for samsung galaxy w seems to apply some corrections to the charge level returned by the max17043 chip , so probably the estimation performed by the chip is not ideal . other fuel gauge chips ( e . g . , max17047 ) measure both voltage and current , and sometimes also the battery temperature . such chips can probably provide a more precise estimation of the battery charge level . again , the datasheet does not provide all details of the used method . however , even if the fuel gauge chip used in a particular phone can measure the current , accessing that information from android might be impossible for several reasons : the chip might just use the current measurement internally and not expose it to the outside . this is not the case with max17047 — it has registers holding current measurement values , which can be read over the i2c bus . the kernel driver for the fuel gauge chip might not have code to expose the current measurement information to user applications . even if the kernel driver makes the current measurement information available ( e . g . , through some sysfs file ) , android does not have a standard api for such sensors — neither batterymanager nor sensor have anything appropriate for an electrical current sensor . therefore the currentwidget app that you have found may work only on some models for which the developer has information about accessing this nonstandard sensor .
that should be the correct approach . as you noted , time sync needs a source -- so setting up a ntp server on the pc will provide this source . now you need to have some ntp client on your android device . searching google play for " ntp " brings up two of them right on the first page : clocksync ( i use this one , and am quite happy with it ; still running it with the default ntp server configured -- but in your case , you will have to change this : as you can edit the time server used , this should be no issue ) , and ntpsync - time synchronization are two examples running in the background . if you prefer something permanently visible , atomic clock wallpaper seems to be a candidate . just follow the search link for more candidates : )
apparently the lotus notes traveler app makes itself the device administrator on the phone . you need to disable this before uninstalling it . the following quote is from lotus faq : you should uninstall lotus notes traveler by launching the lotus® mobile installer application , then selecting the lotus notes traveler application and choosing uninstall . if you choose to uninstall manually and your device is running android 2.2 or above , you must first disable the device administrator . to do so , select menu > settings > location and security > select device administrators . after you have disabled the lotus notes traveler device administrator , you can use the operating system to remove lotus notes traveler , by navigating to menu > settings > applications > manage applications . you can uninstall lotus mobile installer using the normal method for uninstalling applications on your android device .
well , i have wound up using alternativeto .netto specify alternatives to a specific browser , and limiting the results to android . it is not perfect , but it is actually very workable . it gives me a list that is fairly comprehensive , gives me an idea of user base numbers , and also includes enough at-a-glance information to help me a bit .
wakelock detector should show you if there is one ( or more ) apps keeping your phone awake overnight . you could also ( if you are rooted ) try betterbatterystats . it is a paid app but it can be found on xda if you want to try it out ( the thread was started by the author ) . i have included their message on why they make it available free on xda below . betterbatterystats is available on the android market for what i believe is a fair price . if you like my work and want to support me please fell free to show your gratitude by buying the app .
after some research , i finally got some details . unlocking a bootloader will generally not change the bootloader of a device . the locked bootloader somehow ensures that the device should boot up with the os that is shipped originally with the device or updated by the vendor officially . locked bootloader puts this as a security measure so that it can prevent the users from installing custom rom 's . when the bootloader is unlocked it will simply provide the booting instructions to the device without checking for the stock rom on the device . the device will boot with the rom present in /boot and /system partitions and thus unlocking a bootloader is an essential step if one want to install custom rom . thus overall , locking a bootloader is just an extra built-in security check and unlocking will just remove this check but will not modify the entire bootloader of your device .
the model does not matter , but the protocol does . the currently dominant standard is the qi standard ( pronounced " chi" ) developed by the wireless power consortium . this is the standard used by the nexus 4 , 5 , and 7 , as well as the galaxy s4 , and several htc , motorola , and nokia devices . other less used standards include duracell 's powermat system and the touchstone system used by palm and hp . none of these protocols are intercompatible . as a general rule , anything qi should work with anything else qi , however it may not work well . there are numerous shoddy charging pads on the market and the one you linked is probably one of them . it appears identical to one i purchased and it does not function well . the range is poor ( it will not charge through a case of any kind ) and it charges very slowly . i can not speak for the quality of the receiver they offer though .
mobo player . singlehandedly the best video player app on android . its the ' vlc ' of android . plays nearly every format flawlessly . download the app , click the button to download a 2mb codec pack ( so it can play different video formats ) and you are good to go . if you have any problem with the playback , just go into the settings and force software rendering . https://market.android.com/details?id=com.clov4r.android.nilfeature=search_result#?t=w251bgwsmswxldesimnvbs5jbg92nhiuyw5kcm9pzc5uawwixq . .
error "-18" ( see the previous-to-last line of your log ) is a typical app2sd error . trouble is , there were remains from a previous install left on the sdcard , and now the package manager cannot create a file with a name already existing . there are two possible approaches : if the app is already installed , and you are trying to update : move it back to " internal storage " ( e . g . via settings→apps , scroll to the app , open it is entry , and use the corresponding button ) . then try to update again . once succeeded , optionall move the app back to sdcard otherwise : attach the card to your pc using a card reader ( or , if you have root access , use a file-manager with root support , e.g. es file explorer ; without root , android will hide the folder you need to access ) . in the root of the card , you should find a folder named .android_secure ( note the leading dot ! ) . navigate into it . watch out for a file named smdl2tmp1.asec ( see the corresponding error message : Failed to create container smdl2tmp1 ) , and remove it . if you had used a cardreader attached to your pc : unmount the card safely , and put it back to your device . try installing the app again , it should work now . reading the log again , it looks like the cause was a little different here : executing /system/bin/newfs_msdos failed: No such file or directory is where the trouble starts . the system was unable to create a " handler " to deal with the fat file system on the sdcard , thus could not access it ( ASEC FAT format failed (I/O error) ) , and then could not deal with the " smdl2tmp1" container because of that . in short : it looks like there is a binary missing ( or it is there but lacks the appropriate permissions ) .
i can recommend https://www.dropbox.com/ at the moment i have it on ubuntu , windows 7 , mac os x and also on htc desire hd
if you have a working cwm or 2e recovery you can flash darky 's with it just fine from a stock rom . if you have a lagfix , particularly the ext2 oclf , be sure to undo it first . ( it appears darky 's uses the voodoo ext4 lagfix , so no need to disable voodoo beforehand . see is the voodoo lagfix compatible with darky&#39 ; s rom ? ) note that your data will be wiped unless you are already using darky 's , as per the xda thread .
each app on android stores its data on internal storage by default , below the /data/data/&lt;package_name&gt; directory . due to the sandbox princip , except the app itself and root nobody has access to that if not explicitly defined otherwise by the developer ( e . g . skype currently has a serious security flaw giving everybody read/write access to all its data , including plain-text passwords ) . so no , you will not be able to get access to the database , which most likely is located in the /data/data/nl.sogeti.android.gpstracker/databases/ directory without having root access to your device . as for your second question : you are assuming correctly . as you do not have access to the developers certificate ( for good reasons ) , you cannot " update " the original app with your modified version . you would have to uninstall and then re-install -- or giving your modified version a different package name . in both cases , you will not have access to the original apps data .
the green is a notification that you are still on a call .
if you are familiar with such things , ifixit has a teardown report for the galaxy nexus , it is fairly easy to disassemble it to reach the micro usb port after step 7 and inspect it . i use isopropyl alcohol and q-tips for cleaning normally . i would however not suggest you try it if you have no experience with such stuff .
thank you for raising these questions . here is some information about aptoide that hope that is useful for you and stackexchange /android community : 1 . - malware is something that we take very seriously . currently , we have 3 different systems to detect the malware threads as they arrive to any aptoide-powered app store : - we run 3 different anti-virus in emulators in run-time - we have an in-house system of signatures to detect recurring threats - we have implemented a chain of trust based in the signature of the developer 2 . - the task of creating a safe environment to the end user is a moving target . we are working with several universities and research centres and in a recent article ( not yet published ) we compare well with the other app stores . we also proposed a european research project with 2 anti-virus companies and 3 universities / research centres to deal with this topic . there is a lot of work to be done and the feedback of the community is important . 3 . - f-droid is in fact very similar to aptoide . they are a fork of aptoide and they maintain all the concepts we developed , like multiple stores . they have a more centralised approach and a central signature which if of course different from our approach . 4 . - at aptoide we have the " trusted " stamp . if you see the trusted stamp in an app , we have 99.99% that the app does not contain a threat to the end-user . best , paulo trezentos ( aptoide co-founder )
absolutely ! you can either download a ready made one - like kws - android web server or write your own - here 's some code to integrate in to your project or just use as is
try the free os monitor by eolwral . you can see every physical or logical network interface with associated ipv4/6 and mac addresses as well as total rx ad tx . also has open connections and more , pretty awesome app for free if you ask me .
not only the screen is a main consumer . based on the motorola droid , i can give you some data to compare : as you can see , there are clearly compontents/actions with a much higher energy consumptions -- but the display gives you good potential to reserve some . data source is an article at heise . de called energiesparplan ( google translate version here ) .
i think My Files does not allow you to create files . you could try a 3rd-party app like file expert though ; this app lets you create both files and folders .
samsung 's kies software only works with samsung phones running official samsung roms . the only way to get kies working with your phone would be to put an official samsung released os version onto it again .
in the current version you can do this easily &mdash ; just type in another name/number after the first as you would in the web interface . a comma appears automatically when you click on a suggestion , and all that good stuff .
your device is not rooted at all . without su binary , you can not assume command as root .
some people have had their device turn on the mass storage mode by itself . verify that you have not enabled Mass storage only mode in Settings -&gt; SD Card &amp; storage -&gt; Mass storage only , then reconnect and restart adb daemon .
try pressing the power button for > 30 seconds . if it does not work , try to alternate power sources ( pc/laptop usb port , and ac adapter ) while repeating step #1 . still no go ? you may have to remove back cover and reconnect battery . warranty case . ( source )
the accelerometers are hardware , thus always on . when you deactive the settings that need them ( your example auto-rotate screen is a good one ) , you merely deactivate the reading of that sensor to control the activity . a good proof of this is to use the game app " drop " , which uses these sensors . while you may turn off auto-rotate , the sensors are still live for the game .
it is not clear whether you had flashed cwm 's recovery ( through boot image ) . if you had done , you have to press vol up and down while powering on . if not , you do not have a recovery mode at all . you have to flash it using fastboot as described in cyanogenmod 's how to install cm in sony xperia mini pro .
i do not believe this is possible with the default contacts app ( and i do not know of any third-party ones ) . android 's language/locale support is very basic -- for example , your date format cannot be changed independently unlike , say , windows -- so i recommend filing a bug with google , hopefully it will be fixed in the future .
the android implementation of talk-to-text sends your voice to google 's servers , parses your speech into text , then sends the text string back to the handset . without access to the internet , it is unable to transmit your voice data to their servers .
each user account has its own lockscreen settings , so the easiest way to do this is to simply use a password lockscreen for each user . in fact , you can use entirely different lockscreen security for one user than you do for another ( e . g . one could use a pattern , one a pin , one a slide lock , etc ) . to set this up , select a user and unlock the device , then go into settings => security => screen lock and select the " password " option ( you could also use pin or pattern , of course ) . set the desired password , then lock the device . repeat this process for each of the other user accounts to set up individualized passwords for each one .
i have found a solution to fix that . i went to system settings > motion control and there i had " video set to pause when looking away " . after disabling that it is not auto pausing anymore .
found the answer via this site : http://www.grc.com/cookies/forensics.htm third-party cookies are accepted by the standard browser and also by firefox .
i would try editing extras\google\usb_driver\android_winusb.inf in the android sdk so that it recognizes your device . the file should have a section like this that you can extend : if you go into the windows device manager and view the properties for your device , you should see the id you need . for example , my vibrant says USB\VID_04E8&amp;PID_681C under device ids and has 3 entries with that and &amp;MI_00 , &amp;MI_02 , and &amp;MI_03 appended under bus relations . i would therefore add this to the . inf file : you should also reboot into the bootloader , recovery mode , etc . and see if that provides more ids . i know my vibrant installs new drivers the first time it is connected in each mode , so likely there are more entries needed . then just update the driver and select this . inf file . i think once you have done that then the usb mass storage drivers and so on will be auto-installed when you mount the device to the pc , but if not you could probably extend this process for that .
the default kernel ( dark core ) is derived from the voodoo kernels , but the lagfix is disabled by default . for example , the v9.5 description on xda has the following note : new kernel > > dark core v1.0 inside ! i9000 , i9000m , i9000t only ( cappy users choose speedmod or skip kernel ) customized and built by ficeto [ team darky dev crew ] based on supercurio’s latest voodoo sound 6 , lagfix and color - thanks a ton , mr . supercurio if you install on top of a kernel with voodoo enabled already then you should be fine ( and i do not believe it will disable it , but you can re-enable if it does ) . there are a handful of threads on the darky forums that talk about some of the nuances to this , but here are a couple : the quick start guide - recurrent questions ( the " recommendations prior to flashing a rom " section talks about lagfixes ) . activate lagfix in 9.2 ? what is a lagfix and how to enable or disable it ( this one is kind of goofy but still helpful )
is it a nat configuration 3g uses ? yes , i believe most - if not all - carriers use nat . if so , how can i make apps like " droid ip camera " ( this app is only given as an example ) work over 3g ? you will probably need to ask your carrier to provide you with an external ip address .
use an app such as " better battery stats . " this app provides detailed information about all the services running . this is way better than the stock app for diagnostics . additionally , a lot of the core services for the system are attributed as part of the " android os " . there is a very particular bug in samsung galaxy sii devices relating to the touchwiz calendar that keeps doing a lot of unnecessary checks which prevents the device from sleeping properly when the screen is turned off . this causes a huge drain in battery life . since the touchwiz on an sii is very similar to the one on a galaxy note , you might have the same inherent bug . these links might give you a better idea http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1316003 http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1383929page=5
there is a tool on google play called batman , which collects battery status information in the background and stores it into a csv file on sdcard . that done , you could use sync tools like e.g. foldersync to have the file uploaded to your linux machine in regular intervals , where you can have it processed by any tool you prefer . another variant ( a little more tricky ) could be using tasker to create the data : tasker offers the variable %BATT to give the current battery level in percent . it also supports things like http_post , so you could have tasker post the current battery level in fixed intervals , and let your server do the rest ( see the tasker userguide for details ) . note : tasker does not come for free , it is about 5 bucks . but you can download a free 7-day trial at the homepage for testing .
i have found out more about this variant ! hopefully this helps people in my situation . this device is on a canadian network called wind mobile . the model m919v can use the same roms as the t-mobile variant , which is m919 . i have flashed cyanogenmod nightlies on it , it runs awesome , and even for a nightly it is very battery efficient and stable . strongly recommend it to anyone . i had to use ouhds instead of clockworkrecovery ( they re the same things though ) . it still goes through odin , but you will have to follow the instruction online . there are a few sets of instructions that can be found through google . these are the instructions i followed : http://droidviews.com/2013/root-and-install-cwm-recovery-on-sprint-galaxy-s4-sph-l720-and-t-mobile-galaxy-s4-sgh-m919/ *i am not responsible for any damage you cause to your device , just sharing my thoughts/ experience .
in android , every application runs as a separate user . in the linux kernel , each process is owned by a single user , therefore it is not possible to run multiple dalvik applications on a single linux process . the overhead of running multiple dalvik vm instance is lightweight because linux fork() system call is copy-on-write , a write to a shared cow page will cause a " page fault " and that page will be copied ; so even though most of the vm 's memory region in the ram is shared there are no " shared state " between vms . forking processes provides only state isolation , but not privilege isolation . dalvik vm should not be considered a security boundary that is because the vm cannot enforce a security boundary . the vm is running on user mode ( the same mode as the program it is executing ) , which means a bug in the vm might allow the application to modify vm state in a way that is not intended ; the kernel , however , runs in privileged mode and can enforce security boundary .
tap the gesture button to bring gesture drawing screen . on this screen , you can find a gear icon in bottom-right corner . tap it and you will find 1st option on next screen for changing position .
the issue is solved . afaicu , there was possibly a problem with android update hosting site or somewhere on a trace to it , because the device was connected to and was capable of browsing internet without a problem , including google.com. after some time , even without updating the progress indicator , the device displayed Install &amp; Reboot button . after this all goes well . so , the answers are : android provides cumulative update to 4.4.2 , at least for nexus 7 ( 2013 ) . android should improve the way how it shows status information . if it encounters some problems with downloading an update , it should output something like " connection timeout , trying to reconnect . . . " instead of just " downloading " all the time . also the progress indicator may have a bug preventing it from proper ui update in similar sitations .
stock recoveries usually check the update . zip file being flashed for a specific signature that is only known by device 's manufacturer and/or carrier . you cannot therefore flash custom roms on stock recoveries , hence the need for a custom recovery which bypasses said check .
install repligo pdf reader and switch to Text Reflow mode . it has one of the best text reflow mode till date which displays images too . but , to read codes , you will have to fight again . another option : use ezpdf reader lite ( or pro ) and use its text column locking feature in landscape orientation ( to kick out blank margins and use large device height as width of pdf ) . i find it useful on my 4.0-inch screen even for the codes because it does not change formatting to reflow text . but , if your screen size is much smaller than my one , it would be useless to you . plus , both pdf readers feature voice reading . you can use that too .
yes a few parts of the rom are region-specific like support for local fonts in that region , apps that come pre-installed based on region like flipkart app in india . and few more things . even sometimes the rom are in local languages instead of english .
background android has specific rules regarding the installation of applications and their physical location . it works like and hierarchical structure : if the app has a specified location by the developer , this takes priority . if it is not specified in the app , then the default install location is used . android has 3 identifiers for app storage location : that may be mentioned on the application manifest android:installlocation : " internalonly": the application must be installed on the internal device storage only . if this is set , the application will never be installed on the external storage . if the internal storage is full , then the system will not install the application . " auto": the application may be installed on the external storage , but the system will install the application on the internal storage by default . if the internal storage is full , then the system will install it on the external storage . " preferexternal": the application prefers to be installed on the external storage ( sd card ) . there is no guarantee that the system will honor this request . the application might be installed on internal storage if the external media is unavailable or full , or if the application uses the forward-locking mechanism ( not supported on external storage ) . old applications may have no choice but to install on the internal storage , as per the google documentation : the ability for your application to install on the external storage is a feature available only on devices running api level 8 ( android 2.2 ) or greater . existing applications that were built prior to api level 8 will always install on the internal storage and cannot be moved to the external storage ( even on devices with api level 8 ) . what can i do ? you can manage the installed applications and set their storage location , all from one place : tap " home " to return to your device home screen ; tap your device " menu " button ; depending on your device , you either have to : tap " manage apps" ; tap " settings " > " applications " > " manage applications " . now access the third tab where it reads " usb storage " or " on sd card " ( again , varies with the device ) ; here are listed all the applications that are allowed to be moved to your external storage , tab over one to bring up more options about it ; when the application details panel opens , you have a button " move to sd card " , use it to move that application to your external storage ; press " back " to return to the list . if you have moved the app to the external memory , you will notice that a green tick is present on the right side on the list , to let you know that the application file is currently on your external storage . this is a safe guide to have your os managing the applications and moving then from internal storage to external storage without hacks or tricks . you can read all about it on the google official documentation .
on all my android devices ( 3 htc phones and an asus transformer ) , if you sign off gtalk manually ( gtalk/menu/exit ) , gtalk does not reconnect again until you do it manually .
you cannot just install cyanogenmod on any rooted device . it has to be one of the supported devices . there a lot of differences between builds of android and cyanogenmod for each device . they have different chipsets , gps , cameras , etc . they are always looking for other people to help support new devices though .
usb otg stands for usb on-the-go . this allows your phone to use usb devices ( e . g . mice , keyboards , external usb drives ) through a microusb to usb adapter . the mhl adapter allows your device to connect via hdmi to a tv or monitor . the statement that it can power the device just means that it can both charge/power the phone and allow hdmi output via the mhl adapter . to get that power , though , it requires your power cable to be connected , as hdmi does not provide power . not all mhl adapters can do this .
i would say it is expected behavior . i mean , the big " delete " button in the gmail web app tosses the whole conversation to the dust bin . you have to dig a little deeper on the individual message to delete it out of the conversation . ( also , unlike the web app there is no option to view individual messages like a classical e-mail client . ) by the way , have you downloaded the latest gmail app from the market ? there are quite a number of significant improvements over the stock app .
see my answer to a similar question - the problem is that within the bluetooth ad2p profile ( for stereo quality audio ) android phones are not designed to be a " sink " ( a receiver of media ) only a source . you are right in that this is a limitation of the bluetooth stack on your phone , but so far the info i have found says that trying to alter the stack comes with moderate amounts of pain and compromise . perhaps you are more adventurous than i ?
i updated my phone to motorola system version 2.3.340 and it took care of this issue . steps to update : press the menu button from the home screen . touch `settings` touch `about phone` touch `system updates`
i do not believe android 2.1 allows this . i have read that the latest release android 2.3 ( gingerbread ) will have this feature . sorry i could not find the post that mentioned it but here is the api link .
i am going to go out on a limb and say that the htc hero does not have enough cpu to handle the audio codecs . you may have some success rooting it and overclocking the cpu , but it'll shorten the life of your hardware and void your warranty .
thanks to eldarerathis comment . indeed , i was able to set needed resolution by modifying kernel boot parameters . instead of video=-16 in kernel boot options i use video=uvesa UVESA_MODE=1024x768 and all is working in native monitor resolution ! more detailed description is here ( in russian language ) .
using jit ( just in time ) compiler ( e . g . installing froyo , gingerbread , or " frozen eclair" ) will typically increase cpu-bound processes by 3-5 times . if your device use fat , rfs , or ntfs filesystem , your device might be faster by converting to ext2/ext3/ext4 filesystem . however , if you want to prolong the lifetime of your internal memory , use yaffs2 filesystem .
i have been experiencing this as well on the same build/phone . a user on this thread claims that m5 may be much less error prone . i have not reverted to m5 yet myself . when this error loop happens to me , i hold down the power button and try to select " reboot " between the times when i hit ok in the " unfortunately . . . " box .
setting this option forces android to stop each process as soon as it is empty ( that is , when no services are started and no activities are on screen for that app ) . to be clear : this option will not stop apps that would normally run in the background from doing so . your mail client will still run periodically to check mail , if it is configured to do that . apps that use google cloud messaging to receive push messages from internet servers ( such as gmail and facebook ) will still be able to do so . the option would be better named " cached background process limit " , since it limits apps that would otherwise show up with that label in the apps manager . next time each app needs to start , android has to load the app from storage , from scratch . this uses more power and takes longer than running it again when the process was in memory . this does not just mean when you start an activity from that app deliberately ; it also means the email client has to be loaded afresh each time it wants to check email . over time this can build up to a huge battery drain . because this is a development option , it can also trigger rare bugs in certain apps , and those apps ' developers may not be keen to fix them . one example is that , on nexus devices running 4.2.2 , when this option is on , the in-built calendar app will keep restarting itself with this option set , because stopping the cached background process causes the calendar 's content provider to be removed , which causes a loop of services restarting each other to check for calendar updates . if this happens , the loop will run down your battery very quickly .
i recommand you to install anysoftkeyboard ( available in android market ) , it a bloody good keybaord , by pressing 1 sec . on [ . ] key there is an additional key wit the three dots ! what i also find great in this keyboard is that you can install your country keyboard what the standard androïd keyboard does not provide . . . test it . . . you will adopt it !
workaround - use google docs via a browser , and bookmark that page .
changing the network connection from dhcp to a static ip address has resulted in connection stability . ( i can not reclaim my own bounty , and it would be a shame for all that rep to simply disappear , so , someone can still claim it by providing an answer that is informative and helpful in some other regard . ideally a solution that does not require using static ip , but also maybe information on why dhcp is unreliable , or even just alternate workarounds that are equally effective . or something else entirely . )
without having a custom recovery , such as clockwork mod , i do not know of any way you can get the new talk . if you have a custom recovery ( which i do not think you do ) , you can install two zip files through clockworkmod
if you have a rooted phone which i assume you do since you are on cm6 , see this post detailing how to change the font of the clock on the lock screen . basically you need to replace clocktopia . ttf in the /system/fonts folder with your desired ttf font ( remember to rename new font as clocktopia . ttf ) and reset permissions to be similar to the old file . if you are willing to use widgetlocker , there is the freeware make your clock widget beta - that will , as the name suggests , allow a user to customise and create a clock widget as per your taste . you can then use this custom created widget in conjunction with widgetlocker .
it is not your device problem , it is airtel 's problem . airtel . in website was on off because of server down . and the problem you are facing is very common , as i am also suffering from that and here some more . i would suggest you to disable your data connection whenever your network circle is changing . like while you are travelling . but the solution of this problem is nowhere and can be solved by airtel only . fyi : i have a vodafone sim too and it is working perfectly .
yes you can . there are a number of utilities around to do backup and restore , as well as other options . i recently moved from the htc magic to the desire hd . the way i did it was to use a free appbrain account . this has a few advantages , in my opinion : you can search for , read about and tag for installation , applications , on your computer , with a larger screen/keyboard etc . you can organise apps into groups if you have multiple android devices . you can share your apps with other people . you can check out appbrain at http://www.appbrain.com/ if you just want straight backup and restore , titanium backup , as mentioned by others , is a good choice . ( http://www.matrixrewriter.com/android/ ) you can also find both of them in the android market .
from android 2.0 exchange support was added and this included multiple exchange accounts . http://developer.android.com/sdk/android-2.0-highlights.html the highlights there mention " handset manufacturers can choose whether to include exchange support in their devices . " but all the the higher end devises ( galaxy s , nexus one , htc desire etc ) will most certainly support it .
its difficult to find the problem without the device . but you can activate the debug mode ( preferences-> applications-> development-> usb-debuging ) then you can start eclipse . open the ddms perspektive and there logcat . perhaps you find there the buggyapp .
some people are reporting success by simply wiping data and cache first , then flashing the rom , wiping cache again , then flashing the gapps package . thread on the cm forums here ( from cm 6.1.1 , do not know if it is a related or similar problem , though ) . the flash might not work on a 2 . x release of cwm . you can get 3.0.0.5 here , but i do not know how stable it is right now . the filesystem changed to ext4 in gingerbread and i know the 2 . x releases are not really supported on other devices . they also changed from one update scripting language to another , which i think is related . it creates generally weird behavior from what i have read . . . edit : also looks like you can get cwm 3.0.2.8 from the cyanogenmod forums now . some relevant discussion can be found on xda here ( from the desire hd section ) . edit : since bryan noted that this solved it for him in the comments : it is also possible to simply push the apps manually onto the system partition . the safest way is probably to boot into recovery , then just mount /system as rw and adb push the . apk files to /system/app . you probably could do it from a regular boot ( not in recovery ) but it might cause some weird behavior ( and i have not personally tried this ) .
settings > language and keyboard > samsung keypad > auto-capitalization .
i found myself an answer : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1918484 now only google play is installed without gmail , talk , . . . but i had to link my phone anyway to google .
from everything i have read about this topic , it is possible to do on a linux machine , but not with a windows machine . this could be because of something with adb on windows , or the usb drivers for windows . here is the info ( note that this reference was done with a nexus one ) : requirements : android 2.2 ( or an older version with a root tethering app ) adb from android sdk , or a rooted android 2.2 with terminal in root mode step 1: device : connect usb cable and activate usb tethering . you should see on linux new network interface . step 2: on linux computer , setup a bridge : usb0 is the new network intreface eth0 is the main interface connected to internet ( or a gateway ) $ sudo ifconfig eth0 0.0.0.0 $ sudo ifconfig usb0 0.0.0.0 $ sudo brctl addbr br0 $ sudo brctl addif br0 eth0 $ sudo brctl addif br0 usb0 $ sudo ifconfig br0 up $ sudo dhclient br0 see network connection bridge help to setup bridges step 3: setup usb0 interface of your phone . you have to options : from your computer , execute : . /adb shell netcfg usb0 dhcp or in a root terminal on your phone , type : su netcfg usb0 dhcp you should now be able to connect to internet on your phone using your computer 's internet connection . try to do a ping www.google.com to be sure step 4: to shut down the reverse-tethering , first unbridge interfaces on your computer : $ sudo ifconfig eth0 down $ sudo ifconfig usb0 down $ sudo ifconfig br0 down $ sudo brctl delbr br0 $ sudo ifconfig eth0 up $ sudo dhclient eth0  then on your phone , uncheck the usb tethering option
beware : the instructions are for clean installing an os . that means all your data will be permanently lost . if your phone was previously rooted it will be brought back to an unrooted state ( whether you want it or not ) . please , remember to make backups of any important data on your phone . it will be lost . 1 . turning on usb debuging turn on usb debugging on your device : go to system settings / developer options and check " usb debugging " . 2 . fastboot you will need the fastboot tool . it is an official google command line tool intended for developers . you can follow the official instructions for installing the tool , but they are pretty complicated . if you are on mac os x or linux you should probably do what i have done and use the adb-fastboot-install open source tool . just download it , unzip it and use one of the following command line instructions ( depending on your operating system ) : sh ADB-Install-Mac.sh  or sh ADB-Install-Linux.sh  obviously while doing that you need to be inside the directory containing those files . there are plenty of instructions on how to install fastboot on windows ( for example this one ) . see also user17512 's answer for an alternative method for windows users . 3 . going to device 's fastboot mode you need to connect the device to your computer using a usb cable and then access your device 's fastboot mode : on nexus s : turn off your phone . press and hold volume up , then press and hold power . on galaxy nexus , nexus 5 and nexus 10 : turn off your phone . press and hold both volume up and volume down , then press and hold power . on nexus 4 and nexus 7 : turn off your device . press and hold volume down , then press and hold power . 4 . unlocking the bootloader execute the following command on your computer : fastboot oem unlock  note : this step will remove all your data from the device . 5 . downloading the factory image download the factory image for your particular device and your desired android version directly from google . 6 . installing the system unpack the archive ( if you are on windows you will probably need to download additional software for unpacking . tar . gz files . 7-zip will do the job . mac and linux users have all the required software installed already ) . go inside the newly unarchived directory and execute the following command : ./flash-all.sh  note : this will wipe all data from your device after some time your device should reboot and boot to your newly installed operating system : ) 7 . relocking your bootloader this step is not strictly necessary , but it is a good idea for security reasons . reboot to the fastboot mode again ( see step 2 above ) and execute the following command on your computer : fastboot oem lock  this worked great for me , i hope it will be helpful to other people : )
it sounds like something got corrupted on your phone . could be a recently installed app . i would recommend resetting the phone to factory settings via recovery console : turn off the phone . turn the phone on , and as soon as you see the motorola " m " logo , press and hold the vol down button . once in recovery console , navigate to the option to factory reset the phone . keep in mind that the factory reset will remove your account , any installed apps and customizations .
there was ( and still is ) such a tab . it is called file explorer , and by default it shows up in the same part of the screen as the threads and heap views . if you have hidden it in the past , you can show it again from the window menu → show view , or by pressing ctrl + 3 . ( thanks to edgard leal for suggesting the keyboard shortcut . )
yes you need to unlock the bootloader to flash the factory image . yes it will void your warranty but you can lock your bootloader again and reset the tamper flag to get the warranty back no unlocking bootloader is not rooting . here is the useful link . unlocking bootloader flashing factory image
please follow the following : Menu - Settings - Apps - Running  and check out which apps are consuming more space in your android device .
evidently , the google voice app does not support conference codes or other extensions . ( at least not yet . ) to call an extended number through the google voice service , dial as though the gv app were not installed , or as if you were calling from something other than a smartphone : dial your own google voice phone number . if voicemail access is not enabled for the number you are calling from , press * to access the gv menu . enter your pin , if required . press 2 ( to tell the gv service you wish to place a call ) . enter the conference phone number , and press # . gv will connect you . proceed as normal for calling the desired number ( i.e. . , enter the extension , the conference-room number , the passcode , etc . ) . so , the contact is programmed with a number like this : 612-555-4321,[PIN,]2,800-555-1234#,,1234567890# . ( as i understand it , this is a limited application of the process flex dialer uses . ) if you have the gv app installed , then use another app like voice plus or voice choice to exclude this contact from gv . ( this is a consolation to what was originally asked for , which requested fewer exceptions to the phone 's gv dialing rules . should not be a big problem , though . ) if you have your gv number associated with a contact for yourself or your voice mail , then that is the contact that will appear in your phone 's call history . however , the " real " contact will show in your google voice call history .
at least if using the stock messaging app sms backup + can backup your messages in a readable format to your gmail . and for contacts i would recommend syncing them to google contacts and exporting them from there ( as chahk mentioned in the comments ) .
you need root to access most of the phone storage , such as the data partition and databases ( e . g . contacts ) . even then you need to use adb from the android sdk which is not particularly user friendly . there is no way to access the sim over usb that i know of &mdash ; it would be pretty complicated to make that work .
what you are describing is generally referred to in android parlance as an " intent filter " , and yes - android supports this via the &lt;data&gt; element in the application 's manifest file . you could point them to that documentation link in your bug report . you can also find examples on stack overflow with some relevant code samples : android respond to url in intent intercepting links from the browser to open my android app
as those ports are closed on your router , there is no " on-phone solution " , only " on-router solutions " . you will have to open those ports on the router , use a different wifi ap , or switch to your mobile data connection . if you want to go for the " open ports on router " solution , this is beyond the scope of our site . but you are certainly welcome with that question on super user , which ( amongst others ) covers personal and home computer networking according to their help center .
for my linux distribution ( fedora 20 ) it is quite simple : [ pc ] run pulseaudio . ( runs automatically on fedora ) [ pc ] load module bluetooth-discovery . ( it is auto-loaded on fedora ) [ pc , android ] pair with android-phone via bluetooth . [ android ] in device 's options set the profile " use for media audio " . [ pc ] connect to the phone . [ android ] play music . ( i use google play music - it works ) [ pc ] the phone 's stream is detected as an input source - in case , you want to mute or amplify it . caveats the only problem is the step 5 . i can not connect to pc from my phone - i think , it is a linux problem - and it is another question for another forum .
the cookies , for the default android browser , are stored in /data/data/com . android . browser/databases/webview . db . the problem is that other applications , for security reasons , do not have access to files that do not belong to them , like the database file . in order for what you are asking to be possible , the browser application would have to implement this functionality .
i have a htc desire , but i am assuming the menus/behaviour should be similar : settings -> language and keyboard -> touch input -> international keyboard select the languages you want to use . that should restrict the keyboard list to the ones you have specified .
i suspect that the ' battery saving software ' might have caused the issues . did you experience these issues before installing the app ? there is a couple of ways which might help restore original settings : a factory reset might set it right . alternatively if you have a backup of your original firmware you might want to try reflashing your phone after backing up all data . ps : the name of the app you were using might help out .
afaik , the 4.0.4 is currently only available for the cdma/lte , but someone over at modaco has a modified version of the 4.0.4 working for gsm . it looks like everything is working on the gsm version with this modified release . i have also read that 4.0.5 will be released next month , so you may want to just wait .
you can get an almost stock jellybean experience using supernexus - i9100 . it is based off aosp and only has " improvements and optimizations " , but states it is still very near to stock . another option , while differentiating itself from aosp , is cyanogenmod . this is based on aosp , but includes a lot of extra features and improvements of aosp , while keeping the bloat to a minimum . as for instructions on getting it ready for a custom rom , the instructions on the cyanogenmod wiki tend to be fairly accurate and may give you the needed information to get you started . install cm for i9100 if you do not want cyanogenmod on your phone , replace step #2 in the last section with whatever rom you want to try ( like the one above ) . make sure you get the right gapps ( basic google apps including the play store ) unless your rom includes it ( most do not ) .
it contains:- resource files for chrome itself . these are really part of the app , but they are downloaded by chrome itself so the apk does not need to contain all the resources for all locales , and to make them easier to update . local storage for websites that use the html5 local storage feature . for some sites ( e . g . twitter ) this can get quite large . all your preferences , just like any other app . this amounts to a few kb .
it is fully possible to do that if the charge-from device has usb on-the-go ( otg ) support . you just need a usb otg host cable ( like this one ) , which you connect to the charge-from device , then plug a normal micro-usb cable into that , then into the device to be charged . the only obstacle you may run into is current limitations . a usb otg port almost certainly will not provide as much current as an all-up usb port , much less a charger . best case , this will mean that the charging device will charge slower . middle case , you will not get enough current to charge the device while it is powered on . worst case , the charge-from device will simply say " you are drawing too much current . you are cut off . "
nova launcher apex launcher trebuchet ( cm9 's official launcher ) as far as i know , you must install all of these to /system ( which requires root ) in order to have widgets appear in the app drawer , and trebuchet does not support being installed to /data at all .
the gmail app already appears to do this on a per-account basis . simply open an account , then navigate to (Menu button)-&gt;More-&gt;Settings-&gt;Select Ringtone . this works fine on my version ( 2.3.4.1 ) and allows me to set a different ringtone for each account . you can also use this to cause some accounts to provide vibrate/audible notifications while others do not . for example , my work account is set to vibrate " for all notifications " , but my other accounts have their vibration set to " never " .
you can find the source for this app in the gallery2 package in aosp . all the code for the photo editor is in src/com/android/gallery3d/filtershow . the saving is handled by tools/ImageSave.java , which has this comment explaining the behaviour ( which i have formatted ) :- in order to support the new edit-save behavior such that user will not see the edited image together with the original image , we are adding a new auxiliary directory for the edited image . basically , the original image will be hidden in that directory after edit and user will see the edited image only . note that deletion on the edited image will also cause the deletion of the original image under auxiliary directory . there are several situations we need to consider : user edit local image local01.jpg . a local02.jpg will be created in the same directory , and original image will be moved to auxiliary directory as ./.aux/local02.jpg . if user edit the local02.jpg , local03.jpg will be created in the local directory and ./.aux/local02.jpg will be renamed to ./.aux/local03.jpg user edit remote image remote01.jpg from picassa or other server . remoteSavedLocal01.jpg will be saved under proper local directory . in remoteSavedLocal01.jpg , there will be a reference pointing to the remote01.jpg . there will be no local copy of remote01.jpg . if user edit remoteSavedLocal01.jpg , then a new remoteSavedLocal02.jpg will be generated and still pointing to the remote01.jpg user delete any local image local.jpg . since the filenames are kept consistent in auxiliary directory , every time a local.jpg get deleted , the files in auxiliary directory whose names starting with " local." will be deleted . this pattern will facilitate the multiple images deletion in the auxiliary directory . in short : yes , it saves edited images in a .aux directory , inside the directory the image came from . it also stores the filter chain you used to create the image in xmp metadata inside the new image ( the filtered one ) , in the namespace http://ns.google.com/photos/1.0/filter/ . this information consists of : SourceFileUri: the uri where it has saved the unmodified file filterstack: a serialized representation of the stack of filters it used ( in the same format it saves presets to its private database )
from swype help swype supports text entry in a number of languages . to switch between languages : Tap the SYM key. Tap the key showing the abbreviation code for the currently  active language ( e . g . " en " for english ) . a language choice window displays , showing available languages . select the desired language by tapping it in the list . to toggle between the current language and last-used language , swype from the swype key to the key with the current language indicator . however if the swype was preinstalled ( as seems the case by way of the update given to you ) it seems that you are stuffed as there is no way to add a language , or if it comes to that , edit a preinstalled language with swype . this is probably the one downside of swype , whereby they have a business model to sell to carriers not to the public and a preinstalled swype is neither updateable or removeable . solution : spend a couple of bucks on the excellent swiftkey in the market , it has editable and readily available language dictionaries and is very full featured and is directly comparable to swype .
offline data saving is supported on android , you can see this if you go into your browser , select settings , advanced settings , website settings and you can see which websites are using your offline cache , as well as which are using other advanced access like gps . to create an icon for a website on your home screen : once you have created a bookmark in your browser for the page , you can go to your home screen , long-press on a bit of spare space , select shortcuts , bookmark and pick that one . that should give you an icon straight to that page .
that recommendation from the seller was true for old batteries , and it seems they still keep saying that to customers ! nowadays , batteries are often Lithium-Ion or Lithium-Polymer and such batteries ( as i have read many times and based on my own experience ) would be stronger if you charge them often . the first time charging and " wait-until-full-discharge-before-recharge " and " do not-use-when-charging " are not applicable to these modern batteries . li-ion and li-polymer batteries , if charged often , after about 1 month , would reach to their maximum performance , and you are recommended to charge them every time you find an outlet ! in stock help application of my sony android device , in a section about battery life , it reads : charge your phone often , this will not affect the lifespan of the battery .
i managed to unbrick my phone eventually . tried to use rsd lite with several images , but it would give an error and then the application would crash and leave my bootloader corrupt . i tried all the schemes i could find including : loading the image from root of c : , disabling uac , etc . , but nothing worked . then i tried sbf_flash on linux with the same image , and it worked like a charm , no errors , and my phone was up and running again . so for anyone else who may encounter this problem , i warmly recommend using sbf_flash , it is incredibly simple to use .
applanet is that rather shady-looking place that claims to let users download and install ' thousands of free and paid apps ' for free . since the original authors of the apps have little say in whether their app appears on the site , i think it is fair to say that all bets are off when it comes to the apps ' integrity . also bear in mind that it is recently been proved entirely possible to download malware from the official market ( google blog entry ) . so , in summary : impossible to say , and , yes .
i can not find the factory-reset instructions for a device with this specific name . arnova 's devices are named in confusing ways , so perhaps several names are used for the same device in different markets . but can you find a pinhole somewhere at the botton of your device ? it should be on the left . does it say " reset " ? then insert a paperclip and see what happens . if that does not work , you could try the instructions on arnova 's support page : " if your tablet freezes often or if you get error messages during the start up of your tablet , you can use the recovery mode to reset your tablet to its factory settings , removing all installed applications as well as any data or content . your tablet must be up to date with the latest firmware – downloadable from the downloads area of this website . to access recovery mode on the arnova 10bg3 to access to the recovery mode : hold down the volume button + and press the on/off button . once the boot logo arnova is displayed , release the volume button + . the android green robot is displayed . once the android green robot is displayed , press simultaneously the volume button + and the on/off button . the android system recovery screen is displayed . a . use the volume buttons to navigate b . use the on/off button to select an option to restore the default parameters of your tablet : in the android system recovery , select wipe data/factory reset ; select yes –delete all user data . select reboot system now . your tablet reboots . redefine your parameters through the wizard . your tablet is restored to its default settings . to access recovery mode on the arnova 9g3 to access to the recovery mode : hold down the home button and press the on/off button . once the arnova boot logo is displayed , release the home button . the android green robot is displayed . once the android green robot is displayed , press simultaneously the volume button + and the on/off button . the android system recovery screen is displayed . a . use the volume buttons to navigate b . use the on/off button to select an option to restore the default parameters of your tablet : in the android system recovery , select wipe data/factory reset ; select yes –delete all user data . select reboot system now . your tablet reboots . redefine your parameters through the wizard . your tablet is restored to its default settings . to access recovery mode on the arnova 8cg3/8bg3 to access to the recovery mode : hold down the volume button – and press the on/off button . once the boot logo arnova is displayed , release the volume button – . the android green robot is displayed . once the android green robot is displayed , press simultaneously the volume button + and the on/off button . the android system recovery screen is displayed . a . use the volume buttons to navigate b . use the on/off button to select an option "
if you are just talking about files , i would take a look into ftpsyncx or foldersync . i can only talk for ftpsyncx , as i am using it myself -- but most of the following should be valid for both apps : you can setup directory pairs ( one on your device matching another on your pc ) , and have them sync bidirectionally or unidirectionally . you can configure the sync interval : globally , per server , or even per directory-pair . you can even tell it to only sync when you are in your home wifi , or only when you request it ( via widgets , from within the app , or even event-based controlled by tasker . if this answer did not catch your intention , feel free to comment , ask , or update your question : )
this is a known bug in android ( even in certain eclair systems ) . there is a widget called headset blocker that when added to any of your homescreens and activated prevents the music player from playing whenever you unplug your headest . freeware and it works . see if it helps .
you can now search and install apps from the android market website . it apparently launched today and people ( myself included ) are having trouble loggin in but i am sure they will clear it up soon . now you can search apps , filter by free vs paid and sort by relevance or popularity . there is also a button on each listing for " install " which will probably be like appbrain 's service that causes the app to automatically download on you phone ( when you are able to actually login ) . when you visit http://market.android.com/ on your phone , you actually see the site but if you click on any apps or search you are redirected to the market app .
sms popup will create a modal dialog box on your screen when you receive a text message . you can make it turn the screen on too if the phone 's screen is off . handcent ( full sms replacement app ) also has a similar feature built into it .
a good resource on questions like this is the tasker userguide ( link goes to the " actions " page here ) . quoting : menu show a selection dialog and perform a different action depending on which item the user selects . sounds like exactly matching your purpose , though i have not tried it . you can even specify a default action , which then would be executed on timeout as well ( i.e. . when you did not notice the menu " in time" ) . the menu element belongs to tasker scenes . please refer to the userguide index and check the " scene " section for closer information , if needed . you should be able to combine ( or wrap ) this with an if statement in case you only want to be asked on a given condition like " display on " .
mru is right about the android and me news widget . based on the dock at the bottom i would also say mru 's right about that being the sense ui as well , which means the clock and weather widget is stock , but you can replicate it with these : weather forecast and clock widget beautiful widgets i have the fancy widget but it is no longer available because htc thought it looked too much like their widget ( you could probably find the apk out there somewhere ) the battery widget is called . . . battery widget . also , you may be able to get those sense icons by using the sense ui icons app for pandahome . the wallpaper is his own formated for a g1/hero ( 640x480 ) . more on sizing wallpapers for specific android phones .
i think i did it . i tried to delete the folder /storage/sdcard0/android/data/com . google . earth but even with root/su i was unable to . so i renamed it and it was renammed successfully . next time i opened the app it worked . but i still have a folder of 13mb that i can not delete . suggestions ? update : i found this that suggests : i see in mount points something that gets my attention /dev/fuse on /storage/sdcard0 type fuse (rw,nosuid,nodev,relatime,user_id=1023,group_id=1023,default_permissions,allow_other)  here you can see that /data/media is mounted with specific user and group id . i discover by executing ps and id commands that 1023 id belongs to media_rw user with wich the /data/media folder is mounted . i think login as media_rw user should do the trick but what i did in order to delete the folders was : login as root ( unnecesary if connected via ssh with sshdroid ) su mount /system with write permissions mount -o rw,remount -t ext4 /dev/block/mmcblk0p9 /system run sdcard command again ( as root ) /system/bin/sdcard /data/media 1023 1023 go to /data/media and delete the unwanted folders ( let 's say they are called . trash y . garbage ) rm -rf .trash .garbage mount /system with read only permissions again ( for security reasons ) mount -o ro,remount -t ext4 /dev/block/mmcblk0p9 /system check that the folders does not exists ls -lsa /data/media/ the output must be something like this ( no . trash or . garbage folders in here ) this may solve other problems like this .
in my opinion , the word scanning in this context is a misnomer . basically the camera and the flash are the key hardware components involved in this operation . the camera does not go into burst mode and instead takes only one good shot . the rest are the magic of software algorithms that straighten , finds boundaries and brightens and de speck the image . the app camscanner supports creating documents either from image or capturing with camera . higher camera resolution , the ability to autofocus and presence of flash ( in absence of ambient light ) are the features that are to be looked for . for shooting an a4 size with text printed with font size of 12 , a 5 mega pixel resolution is needed and with 3.2 mega pixels , i am able to capture a5 sized papers with very decent quality - observed from my experience .
have you tried galaxy call recorder yet ? features list : - recording calls , ability to enable/disable recording service in the settings - showing grouped records extended with contact information such as name and icon . - settings to disable recording when headphones on or bluetooth device connected - settings to disable recording for incoming , outgoing call and for some contacts . - ability to specify different audio sources for headphones and bluetooth devices . - calling , sending sms , creating an event from the app . - ability to stop recording from a notification . - ability to play , delete the recent record from a notification . - ability to specify a recording delay , a minimal length of records . - ability to enable/disable the detailed notifications in the program . - ability to record a conversation into a small set of files . - deleting a record or many records at once . - locking/unlocking records to prevent unwanted deleting . - ability to automatically deleting records . - ability to send records to dropbox , google drive , and skydrive etc . - integration with google+ . - flexible ui settings to change a font size and a background . - screen lock . - saving records to microsd card , dropbox disk . if you already tried this , you should mention which apps you tried already .
the beyondpod podcast player will download new podcasts directly to your device , on a schedule . for example , i have it run every morning to look for new podcasts . and , it can be configured to " share podcasts " with the default android music player . i have never used the share-with-default-player feature , so i can not really comment on how well that works in practice . but the basic podcast management and download features have all worked nicely for me .
bookmark the page in chrome for android . go to your bookmarks , long-press on the bookmark , and click " add to home screen " . source : http://howto.cnet.com/8301-11310_39-57416489-285/how-to-add-chrome-for-android-bookmarks-to-your-home-screen/ works on my galaxy s4 and nexus 7 .
do not use the phone/dialer app to edit contacts : use the main people app ( it is called contacts on some non-nexus phones ) . from that app , when you click the contact you want , it displays that contact , and you can click the pencil icon on the action bar ( at the top ) to edit the contact . ( the icon might look different on your phone , because most manufacturers replace the people app with their own variant . )
it seems error 923 is related to the whole process of downloading , cache , storage , installation , etc . people get it most often in google play , but sometimes also outside of that . most suggestions how to fix this come down to : Settings &gt; Apps &gt; Running > stop all ( google related ) running services Settings &gt; Apps &gt; All &gt; Google Play Store > clear data and clear cache reboot phone , all should be fine now found quite some useful answers on the internet outside of stackexchange ( it exists ! ) , so answered my own question already . suggestions/additions always welcomed . ; )
okay , i did a brief test the other day . . . only drove about 80 miles , . . . obviously longer drives would give better averaging samples . but from my short drive , it seems that maps navigation uses roughly 1 mb for every 10 miles .
if you stop syncing facebook with your phone book , that option will disappear . i realize this is not an answer to your question about customizing the pop-up but it may just serve your needs until a more skilled android ninja happens upon this question .
you can install the terminal emulator from google . alternatively there is the better terminal emulator pro . i tried the terminal emulator on a non-rooted phone and it seemed to work fine . better terminal emulator pro includes the dropbear ssh client , which can be launched from the command line or via a launcher . more info from the authors .
google maps can do this . long-press the map at your location ; a popup should appear with the address ; you can tap that and it'll give you the option to " share " that location . from that you can send a text , email , etc .
cyanogenmod developers coined the term " kang " originally . it goes back to the beginnings of android development . it used to mean having one 's development work taken , manipulated , rebranded , and re-released by someone else with no credit to the original developer . later this term morphed into having a less malicious meaning , and stands for the process of creating a code based of someone else 's code or reapplying code that someone else created into your own code . a " kang " therefore is a derivative work , based on the original with some modifications . it usually means an unauthorized version of a custom rom .
the new uhs-i card your phone comes with a microsdhc form factor , and according to scandisk , their cards are compatible : sandisk ultra® microsdxc™ uhs-i card : see specifications tab available capacities : 8gb , 16gb , 32gb , 64gb performance/speed : up to 30mb/s read speed ; write speed lower compatibility : compatible with all microsdhc [ or microsdxc ] supporting host devices sandisk extreme pro® microsdhc™ uhs-i card : see specifications tab available capacities : 8gb , 16gb performance/speed : up to 95 mb/s ( 633x ) read speed ; write speed up to 90 mb/s ( 600x ) compatibility : compatible with all microsdhc supporting host devices since the form factor remains the same , there is no problem here . your device your device , while capable of reading , will be unable to take advantages over this new card speeds . mainly because this technology is new and the os simple was not prepared for it . on a personal note : do not spend your money with this card on that specific phone . you will have no gain from it .
these files are for the transformers : dark of the moon film which was included promotionally with your nexus 7 . the movie was not , at least in my case , pre-installed on your device , as it takes a considerable amount of your available storage space ( especially if you have an 8gb unit ! ) . i am guessing you must at some point have unknowingly hit the small ' button ' on the video telling it to download the film for offline use . the first thing that came to my mind was , that this may be a webm video file ( matroska container + vp8 video stream + vorbis audio stream ) . it would have made sense . but feeding the file to mediainfo looks like this : an avc video stream and aac audio stream , is what one would expect from a regular mp4 , but mpeg-ps format ( ps = program stream ) is unusual . this is how a regular mp4 looks in mediainfo : the file [ from the nexus 7 ] even plays for a few seconds in vlc and in mplayer , but then i get error messages . so either the format is not yet supported or it is sort of encrypted .
the two more popular sms apps in the market - handcent sms and gosms have options that allow you to set reminder tones and led flashing to alert a user to unseen messages . lots of configurable options in both apps .
the solution was to wipe and reflash the rom . i guess the earlier rom i had was just messed up as far as usb is concerned .
skype today released skype 1.0.2 , and mayor change is support for samsung galaxy s . maybe this will affect your phone too . update and see
i am such an idiot . a picture is worth a thousand words : when i bought my device , about a year ago , i turned on the feature " sim change alert - send sms when sim card is changed " . i completely forgot about it later , and it only came back to me today . of course the recipients i defined were my own number and my wife 's . the lead i followed was @roxan 's comment , which raised the suspicion about the mobile tracker app . a google search led me to this forum post that describes this security feature , and when i read it i recalled that i turned it on . despite this incident , i actually still think this is an excellent feature that can really help in case my device will be stolen , but i just have to remember to turn it off before i change the sim card myself . . .
the dolphin browser has an option to turn off images . i believe most versions of the stock browser have this capability as well . the 4.0.4 version can disable images via Settings -&gt;Bandwidth management -&gt; Load images , and i am pretty sure that the gingerbread browser had this capability as well .
if you have spare parts installed there is detailed information in there about the state of the battery . also , you can find out what is the application that is sucking up most of the battery via settings > about phone > battery use .
it does not seem to be possible . at least not in the post it self . in the list of posts it is however . the only way i am able to scroll in posts , is sideways , which changes the post . it could be done programmatically though , by combining and rewriting some stuff . but then it is of course no longer google reader : ) a suggestion however ( which is what i do ) is to make a small hole in the thumb of the glove . then the skin is able to make electric connections on the touch screen : )
total = application + data application = size of apk file of the app data = space consumed by /data/data/&lt;Package_Name_of_App&gt; ( it contains data stored by the app ) other stats details : if Force Stop button is active , it means the app is running in background . you can use this button to stop the app from running . Cache section shows how much data the app has stored in /cache partition . if Clear Defaults button is active , it means the app is set as default to complete an action like sending email , open url etc . you can tap this button to clear default ( s ) . on the same page , you can get list and small description about Permissions the app has . if you need explanation of permissions , check this article out .
what ended up working was re-installing the stock nexus one ( a . k.a. passion ) image . there seem to be several different ways to go back to a stock installation , but what worked for me was : download the PASSIMG_Passion_.zip file from shipped-roms . com re-name the file passimg.zip and copy it to the sd card via usb booted into hboot ( hold the volume down button while powering on the phone ) selected ' yes ' when asked if hboot should install the image the above steps were inspired by this post in the xda-developers forum . after doing this , ota updates started working again .
implayer+ handles this funtionality . it has a healthy number of downloads and should work .
the typical audio only jack has 3 rings , usually call tip , ring , sleeve ( trs ) . these typically map to left , right , and ground . phone manufactures wanted to make this jack work with existing headphone so they used a connector with 4 rings , called tip , ring , ring , sleeve ( trrs ) . these map to left , right , and ground just like the 3 ring , but the final connector maps to a microphone . this makes it so that if you plug an audio only cable into it , the microphone input gets connected to ground so nothing is hurt . it also means that if a headset with microphone is connected to an audio only device , the microphone is connected to ground , also hurting nothing . sources : what protocol does a headphone jack use ? leads direct : jack plugs and sockets
you can use adb and run logcat by typing the command adb logcat &gt; logcat.log . alternatively you can use an app like alogcat . that will give show you your systems logs but then you will have to figure out what it all means . i have to agree with matthew reads comment that it is probably related to cm but there are so many moving parts and different factors it is hard to say . unfortunately diagnosing through trial and error will require you removing cm to see if it was the cause . i would recommend removing adfree and seeing if you still have crashes because it could be caused by that . if i were an app dev that relied on ads to fund my company i would probably make the free flow of ads in my app a requirement for my app to run properly . also , i doubt it is launcher pro .
download the latest cwm recovery available for your phone from here , put it in the root of your sd card , reboot into recovery ( power off and press and hold some key combo , that depends on your phone ; google for instructions ) and flash it . you can also try twrp , another popular custom recovery . let me know if you need any clarification !
i have used nitrodesk 's touchdown for that . it does the full exchange experience . not free , but not too horrible . i really liked it -- but ultimately uninstalled it as my current android phone is a little gimpy on processor power . . .
the problem is that some systems think of different ways to use the exif information . there are several possiblities , but for the motorola milestone ( droid in the us ) it was that the picture got a " rotated " mark in the exif , but it did not get the height/width set correctly ( example : lets say you have a hxw = 3x4 camera . if you take a landscape shot , you will get the normal hxw= 3x4 sized shot , and everything is fine . if you take a portrait shot , you still get the hxw = 3x4 ( but you would want to see hxw = 4x3 ) , and an extra mark that says " this shot was rotated ) . some programs could work with this ( twitpic for instance ) , but some coudn't . now you might face the same issue . i would look into your shots , and check what the exif says . if the exif has one of these issues , you might need to change ( possibly use some sort of automatic process ) the exif . also , another viewer might help here .
if you to settings --> apps --> all , is it in the list of applications ? if so , click on it , click uninstall , and then try to reinstall it from the market . it is also possible that the market is incorrectly showing it as installed . if this is the case , try going to settings --> apps --> all --> market , click force stop , then clear data . the open the market again and see if google voice is still listed as installed , and if not , install it .
amazon confirms kindle fire hd models use android 4.0 under the hood .
seems i just needed to wait a little longer for the " copying . . . " dialog to pop up again . windows is weird sometimes .
it depends on your needs : do you want to conserve battery ? then underclock the cpu do you want better performance ? then overclock the cpu typically there are different kernels that you can flash for your device . different kernels offer different clockspeeds . some of them will also under volt your phone to consume less power . the disadvantage of undervolting is that the phone may not be able to run faster clockspeeds . additionally , your phone may not overclock to the same speed as another phone due to one processor being physically different than another processor ( no two processors are made 100% exactly alike . when overclocking you are stepping beyond the bounds and specifications that your phone was designed to run at ) . what will happen is your phone will enter a boot loop if it is unable to run the kernel at a specific speed ( you will have to flash a new kernel or revert to a previous nandroid backup ) . i do not know of specific kernels for the g1 , but for example there is a set of kernels by chevyno1 for the droid1 . the general steps are : run a nandroid backup choose a voltage : ultra low , low , or normal start with the kernel with the lowest overclocked speed flash that kernel . use setcpu to set the clock speed to the max . if the phone remains stable , then choose the next kernel with the same voltage with a slightly faster clockspeed and try to run it at its max speed . if the phone does not remain stable , then revert to your last nandroid backup or the last kernel that ran stable on your phone
the solution is time ; an update to this app fixes this bug .
/etc/hosts does not allow wildcards ( see here : http://serverfault.com/questions/118378/in-my-etc-hosts-file-on-linux-osx-how-do-i-do-a-wildcard-subdomain ) . two more links about /etc/hosts : howto configure your hosts file : http://www.linuxhomenetworking.com/wiki/index.php/quick_howto_: ch03 :_linux_networking#configuring_your_ . 2fetc . 2fhosts_file large example file with nice intro header : http://someonewhocares.org/hosts/ small android app that allows you to add an entry to the hosts file ( requires root ) : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.pof.add2hosts
my phone is also on 2.3.3 . the updates get pushed out depending on a number of factors including region ( as mentioned by crashhh in his comment ) and carrier . from my understanding , often the releases will be controlled by the manufacturer ( and in the case of samsung and most others , customisation occurs ) . once the manufacturer is ready to support it in a particular region , it will release the software to the carriers . many carriers will also make their own modifications ( and add their own bloatware ) . only once this process is complete , will the update be available in kies . with the release of gingerbread in australia from my carrier , i know that the release went back and forth between samsung and the carrier a few times , delaying its release to customers . i am speculating , but the update you received may have been some sort of patch to the manufacturer/carrier specific software , and therefore i would not expect it to increment the version number of the os .
you just got case of failed update . try to have look at this article and see if you can get it sorted
yes - there is a setting you need to change . the notification bar 's actions are based on what you have gmail set up to do when swiping away an email within the app . to change it from Archive: open Gmail and go to Settings there change the Swiping conversation list from Archive/unlabel/delete to Always delete this changed my notification bar action from Archive to Delete
no it is not . commercial gps receivers ( like the one in your phone ) only work below 18 km and below 515 m/sec . the rationale behind this is that this way they can not be used in ballistic missiles ( yes , i am serious . ) in order to circumvent this you had need to flash a different firmware to your gps chip , if you did not do this you are safe . no current android device ships with munitions grade gps receiver .
i managed to find the answer , although i do not really understand why or how . if anyone can add on to why working directory matters , i will greatly appreciate it . in my c program , i have to do a chdir ( ) to /data/misc/wifi , then do the execvp ( ) . where wpaparmlist is the args to wpa_supplicant . thanks for your help ce4 !
you can test that the triggers work like they should with dock simulator ( market link ) . run it and try " car dock " to see what should happen when you dock the phone . if nothing happens , it might be a problem in your triggers . otherwise , it is the dock or your phone 's magnetic sensor . try dialing *#0*# and selecting Magnetic to access a self test of the magnetic sensor .
i9300 is just a shortened form of gt-i9300 . they both mean the same device . just do not mix it up with the i9305 , which is a different device , specifically the international lte version . wikipedia has a useful chart of the different models and how they differ . minor models ( e . g . i9300/i9300t or i747/i747m ) are inter-compatible for rom purposes .
finally found the solution and the reason . i installed sms backup + application from market sometime back . this application syncs the messages , call logs and contacts with gmail . i installed once and removed . in that time span it sync the contacts , call logs with my gmail . thats why i can see the call logs label in my gmail .
no , this will not cause any issues . i am having the same case as yours ( using xperia l 's usb cable with a nexus 4 ) and have not faced any issues with nexus 4 or the xperia .
if your computer has bluetooth ( most laptops do , and some wireless keyboards and mice connect through a bluetooth adaptor ) , then there are apps that will allow you to share your phone 's gps device to the pc as a bluetooth gps adaptor . see this previous question for some of them : can i use the nexus-s gps as an external gps for another device ( via bluetooth ) ?
cyanogenmod versus android to ask how cyanogenmod is different from android is comparable to ask how is a cat different from an animal . cyanogenmod is an android custom-rom . see : our rom tag-wiki for what a rom is our custom-rom tag-wiki for details on custom roms our cyanogenmod tag-wiki for details on cyanogenmod quoting the latter , which quotes from the cyanogenmod website : cyanogenmod is an aftermarket firmware for a number of cell phones based on the open-source android operating system . it offers features not found in the official android based firmwares of vendors of these cell phones . as you are asking about ecosystems : cyanogenmod meanwhile is a company . there might be multiple ecosystems using the same resources . as will be shown below : google versus android versus cyanogenmod android is not google , and google is not android . behind android stands the aosp team . so android is open source , which is why other groups like cyanogenmod can use it . the " iron grip " of your question does not go to android itself , it is rather the additions google puts on top , the so-called google apps ( see : google-apps and its tag-wiki ) . those apps are not open-source , but closed-source . cyanogenmod started shipping their own counter-parts for several of the google-apps ( and features ) , and here you have got your ecosystem : apps and services . cyanogenmod is not permitted to ship the google-apps with their roms , you have to install them manually ( if you want them ) , or leave them out . there are many substitutes available , so you can use android without google : android os without google services ? can an android phone run without google ? guide : how to use your android phone without google android without google ­– discussion @xda can i trust x with my data ? google earns its money with advertisements . if you can trust them with your data , imho you can trust cyanogenmod even more . if you do not want to trust either of them , there are alternatives such as owncloud , funambol , and more , which you can use with any rom , cyanogenmod included – setting up your own cloud , as one of the names suggests . concerning the google-play-store and " where to get my apps from": as with the other google-apps , custom roms are not permitted to bundle them with their distributions . but there are a lot of alternative and open-source markets , like f-droid etc . ( see our alternative-markets tag-wiki ) . there have been rumours about a cyanogenmod app market , but i must have missed that taking off .
to use " root powers " , an app needs to explicitly request those from the system . to my knowledge , astro file manager does not include this feature , but e.g. es file explorer does . for most of the newer/updated apps , you can tell that by their permissions : if those include android.permission.ACCESS_SUPERUSER , they request " root powers " . alas : as this permission is not " mandatory " yet , its missing does not necessarily mean an app will not request root access . the feature you need is called " root explorer " . mentioned es file explorer offers this , but you may have to manually enable it in its settings . that done , it should show you everything in the file system .
the best i have for now is the app readability available from google play store : readability turns any web page into a clean view for reading now or later on your computer or android device . with the readability app , you can catch up reading you have saved with the free readability add-on for your web browser . already a favorite on kindle e-readers , now you can enjoy the benefits of readability on your android devices .
this greatly depends on the dialer application you are using . on stock " vanilla " android that ships with google/aosp dialer app , there is no such option , and you will have to find a 3rd-party dialer app that has such a feature ( e . g . dialer one or pp , for example . ) some manufacturers like samsung and htc replace the default dialer app with their own that has many more features , and may already include the one you are looking for ( grouping records by caller . )
phablets are basically tablet / phone crossovers . best examples are samsung’s galaxy note and lg’s optimus vu . as per computerworld : a phablet is a phone with a screen so big that it can be used as a tablet . there are no defined boundaries whatsoever in terms of screen sizes ; so any tablet with phone ( telephony ) capabilities might also be termed a phablet .
today , i installed clipper plus in bluestacks and i noticed that its already storing clips i copied in windows . i have also tried to copy a text in bluestacks and paste in windows . it has confirmed that clipboard has already been shared between bluestacks and windows . great . . . either this feature has been pushed recently or i did not notice it without clipper plus . i tried to paste using Ctrl+V in bluestacks which still does not work . do paste with proper method : long-click and choose paste from menu .
most probably , there is no way . your tablet screen and your tv screen use different resolutions and refresh rates , which is generally too much to handle simultaneously for the graphics chip in your tablet .
you can now download it using your network only , no need for wifi . the wifi only option was until 23 november . i am currently downloading 4.4 over my mobile internet only .
the g2 does indeed have 4gb of internal storage , but not all of it is visible to the operating system . the internal memory ( /dev/block/mmcblk0 ) shows up as 2256 mb which place it solidly in the this-is-4gb-of-memory camp . there are several reasons for confusion on this point . of the 2256mb of internal memory visible to the os , 1.3gb is allocated to /data ( storage for apps ) . this 1.3gb is what you see when you look at " internal phone storage " in settings-> sd card and phone storage . partitioning in this was has been standard on all android phones . the new part with the g2 is where the rest of the 4gb of internal memory are . there has been wild speculation on this point , but a backup copy of the entire os portion of the phone or space for future updates make the most sense .
if you install superuser you can control which apps are allowed root access . by default it blocks all requests and asks you what you want to do . you can give an app access indefinitely and revoke it at any time , or allow only specific requests with a timeout . most rooted roms come with it pre-installed , including cyanogenmod , and many rooting methods will install it for you as well . as an alternative , you could remove the su binary and busybox from your device to effectively un-root it .
you will not find anything about this in the man page on your desktop , nor the usage information for adb because this is not an adb command . remember that adb shell foo starts a shell on the device and runs the command foo there . it would be like looking in the ssh man page to find out what ssh myserver rm -rf * does . the command you want help with is ime list , and it only exists on the device , not your desktop . running adb shell ime ( with no further arguments ) prints out the usage information for this command . " enabled " in this description does not refer to the " enabled " field in the manifest ( that is , the one printed out under ServiceInfo ) , but rather whether the ime is turned on in the settings . it might be a little confusing to have two different things called " enabled " , but do not forget that adb is a debugging tool for programmers , who are expected to understand such things . end-users should not need to run this command , since the list of imes is accessible through the device settings . from this description , if you get output with ime list -a but not ime list , that tells you that no input methods are currently enabled in the settings .
all android apps are signed . android will not run an unsigned app . in addition , the signatures are tied to the app permissions , such that if the signature was wrong , other apps would not be able to talk with it , and you would not be able to receive updates to it from google play . android signing is discussed in more depth in signing your applications in the android developer documentation , from which the above information was drawn . if you are paranoid and want to verify an app 's signature , you can use the jarsigner utility included with the java development kit ( jdk ) . for example : jarsigner -verify -verbose -certs Vending.apk 
1 - no . there is a microsd slot where you can insert cards upto 32 gb in size to extend the memory . 2 - yes - vpn support is present in 2.1 as well 3 - some are free , some are not . some are ad-supported .
provider did block the imei of the phone . now it is unblocked and all works fine ! thanks to matthew read for clue . . . : )
the android system does not natively support any kind of resume after a full shutdown . individual apps can save their state at any time and restore that state when the app is loaded , but the android system cannot store its state or the state of all of the apps for a shutdown . theoretically speaking , the kernel could probably be modified to support some form of hibernation but the stock android system does not .
as a further answer i forgot there is media monkey which just has basic usb copy which will do what you want - let you make a playlist and just copy it to your phone .
it stopped to ask my password after about 4 reboots , or 4 days . i do not know what was causing the problem .
use sms backup and restore assuming those are both android phones and you should not need to deal with a .nef file .
i do not think there is any support for the x10 from cm for the v9 release . for reference : xperia arc => anzu xperia neo => hallon xperia pro => iyokan xperia mini pro => mango xperia ray => urushi xperia mini => smultron xperia arc s => ayame xperia neo v => haida xperia active => satsuma live with walkman => coconut xperia neo l => phoenix edit : cyanogenmod is a rom that targets a lot of handsets . a souped up/bloated version of the stock vanilla aosp android ( the ones found on the nexus series handsets ) the freexperia project was founded by jerpelea who ( unofficially works for sony , gets freebies and contributes to porting cm for that handset etc ) . also , freexperia project is officially merged into the cyanogenmod tree . not all legacy devices are supported using the cm rom , especially for the newer v9 and v10 ( ics and jb respectively . if visiting this get cm you will actually find that cm is not supporting the legacy devices ! have not tried freexperia , but have heard it is not 100% stable , as some things are broken on it ( if anyone wants to correct me , feel free to say so in the comments ) : )
please check the place where you downloaded the rom from , it usually contains installation instructions . in most cases , these roms use the update.zip mechanism of the recovery mode , as matthew mentioned . you might need a custom recovery ( see clockworkmod and twrp and their tag-wikis , clockworkmod resp . twrp , for examples ) . the process then usually is as follows : copy the .zip to your sdcard boot into recovery-mode select to " apply update from sdcard " navigate to and select your .zip let it flash go back to the main menu and select to " reboot device "
i actually did not know this until just a few minutes ago but you can use pdadb .net's pda-chooser to search by release year ( so not exact date but at least its something ) . obviously if its not in the database it will not appear and i am guessing that only confirmed devices/dates are entered . that along with gus 's answer should help . you may also want to check out engadget
you cannot restrict where the applications write the data on the sdcard . you can go and delete what ever you want on the sdcard , but it may be data for an application . if you move it , the application will think it has been deleted or does not exist , and it will just create the data in the same place again . google recommends applications use the /sdcard/android/data/ folder , but if the application has permissions to write to the sdcard , they can write where ever they want on it . some applications were created before the recommendations , others may not know the recommendation , and others may not care for what ever reason . the " standard " is the following for non-application specific data : music/ podcasts/ ringtones/ alarms/ notifications/ pictures/ movies/ download/ and then application specific is : Android/data/&lt;application&gt;
i have seen something similar when an app is installed in someone else 's profile but not my own , so make really sure you do not still have it installed in any other profiles .
for your reboot problem , it sounds like your boot order is booting off the . iso , i.e. , cdrom , before it looks for the disk partition where you installed android . shut everything down and disconnect the . iso . you can just delete the cd device under the controller within virtualbox settings-> storage . you probably should not just change the boot order or you will have trouble reinstalling if you ever need to . however , if you want to change the order , look under settings-> system-> motherboard .
playing with words : if you want a folder to sync , have you tried foldersync ? should be perfect for this purpose . you can sync entire folders between your pc and your android device , and also use different cloud storage services . thanks to an integrated tasker/locale plugin ( in the full version ) , you also can automate it to your wishes . but even without tasker/locale , it offers user specified sync interval or specific sync times .
from verizon : open settings . select battery and data manager . select data delivery . select data enabled to enable / disable .
try changing usb cable . bad cables can cause this ( at least i had this problem once , which went away simply by using another cable ) .
have you tried searching for gamepad in google play ? here are some of the results : ultimate gamepad connect through wifi or bluetooth in the most simple way . install the ultimate control receiver program on your computer ( pc , mac or linux ) and select it from the list displayed on your phone . droidpad droidpad lets you use your phone as a pc joystick or mouse .
this is really ugly , but you can read them from the command line by using sqlite3 to view the database entries . you will probably need to dig up a binary for this unless you have a custom rom installed . there are some instructions for installing said binary in this stack overflow question , and superoneclick comes packaged with it ( a copy of the binary itself can be found here ) . if you do need to install the binary , use mount ( with no parameters ) to determine where your /system partition is physically located ( mine is /dev/block/mtdblock3 , for example ) . then follow the instructions in the first link above , and start by remounting it in read/write mode with the command : mount -o rw,remount /your/system/partition /system  once you have sqlite3 you will want to open an adb shell , switch to root with su , and then do the following : this will pull up all of the rows from the table for all of the unread messages . the columns in the table are defined thusly ( so you can trim the SELECT ) : ***note for the marked line : this may be slightly different depending on your device and version of android which is why i have included this cd command separately . i think it used to be com.android.providers/telephony/databases on older devices but i do not quite remember . use ls to look around for the proper pathing here . alternatively , you could try copying the . db file onto your sd card ( or pulling it with adb pull ) and then reading it on your computer with sqlite .
i managed to disable it . you need to remove all hangouts updates in google play , then reboot for hangouts to go back to talk , then talk can be disabled in settings -> apps -> all .
just installing supersu do not give you root - it is only tool for controlling access to root account on rooted device . from app 's description : supersu requires a rooted device ! ! !
there is nothing special you need to do within gmail . ( in fact , there is nothing you can do in gmail . ) simply add the google account ( s ) to your device under Settings &gt; Accounts &gt; Add account . ( it will then appear there listed under " google account " . ) after that make sure you are syncing gmail plus whatever other google services you want ( or not ) .
many things are possible . installing an ssh server app ( e . g . sshhelper or digisshd / ssh server - android apps on google play ) would give you the possibility to login via ssh , or remote-copy via scp . terminal ide gives you a quite complete package , even including the famous midnight commander , and a lot more useful tools : javac , java , dx , proguard , aapt , apkbuilder , signer , ssh , sshd , telnetd , bash 4.2 , busybox 1.19.2 , vim 7.3 , nano 2.2.6 , midnight commander 4.8 , htop 1.0 , tmux 1.5 , rsync 3.0.8 , git 1.7.8 , bitchx 1.1 and a nice terminal emulator are all available . ( emphasis are introduced by me to pick the items your question was for ) so except for unison , the latter package should cover your needs : )
it does this in order to break up large . tar files into chunks of 1000000000 bytes : even if the resulting file is under the 1000000000-byte split limit , the .a file will still be generated : -rwxrwx--- root sdcard_r 0 2014-03-19 14:29 system.ext4.tar -rwxrwx--- root sdcard_r 484504064 2014-03-19 14:30 system.ext4.tar.a  you can combine these split files back together using the following syntax : on windows : copy /b finelame* filename e.g. copy /b data.ext4.tar* data.ext4.tar on linux : cat filename* &gt; filename e.g. cat data.ext4.tar* &gt; data.ext4.tar
this would have to be supported by the rom . screen orientation change in android uses support from the graphics driver , the system ui , and the framework that apps use . either choose a device that has this feature already ( ask the vendor if you are not sure ) , or you will have to use a custom rom to achieve this . since android stbs are still quite a minority feature , it might be hard to find a custom rom for your device , and/or hard to get help making your own .
according to the wikipedia article , all the htc one xl devices fall under the evita model . evita is just the code name for the device . just about every device is initially manufactured with a " codename " . this is more just like an internal name for the device . this could be because they have not decided on a " public brand " for the device yet , or just because they want to call it something else internally . sometimes the codename resides in the model name in the settings -> about phone . but if you have adb access to your device , you can do something like : &gt; adb shell $ getprop  this will dump out all the properties that are configured during the boot process . one of them , probably something like ro.product.device will contain the value evita .
i found the solution . i can give a static ip to my beaglebone via shell scripts ( or adb ) : ifconfig eth0 up 169.254.13.13
open the message thread in the messages app and it should say " sent " and the time at which it was sent .
before doing so , i would consider two more things : finding the real cause high wifi usage is not caused by wifi itself ( standby ) , but most likely by another app constantly requesting it to " stay awake " . so first check how to deal with ( orphaned ) wakelocks ? -- which also deals with this . checking your wifi standby policy in settings&rarr ; wireless and networks&rarr ; wifi , when pressing the menu button , an item named " advanced " appears . tap that to go into the advanced settings and check the wifi standby policy . there are 3 options available : always : wifi stays awake even when the display is turned off . useful if you are streaming music . only when connected : only when a power source is connected ( i.e. . the device is charging ) -- as in that case the " battery consumption " usually is not an issue . never : wifi goes to standby as soon as the display is turned off . wifi managing tools if this requirement still is present after thoroughly checking above two points , there are multiple options available in this section -- enough to fill at least a small book . first , there are tools like e.g. juicedefender or greenpower , dealing not only with wifi and mobile networks , but covering a lot more energy saving stuff . other interesting tools might include wifibatt and many others -- just check the related apps on their playstore pages , or use mapsaurus to find similar apps .
the problem solved . it would meant to be " home " + " back " + " power " .
if you want to know the changes made in the app after the update then simply follow this steps . slide down the notification bar tap the update notification . this will bring up the market link ( unless you set the app to auto-update which will open up the app and not the market link because the update is already installed ) . once you are in , search for the app in question , select it , and there you will find the changelog like this . notice that you cannot do this if auto-update is enabled . you must open the play store , tap menu ( three dots in upper right of screen ) , and select my apps . from there , do step 3 . take note that not all developers post their changes in the market . for that you will need to google for the answer .
first , ensure that " usb debugging " option is enabled on your phone by going to Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Development . on some devices this option will be grayed out while your phone is connected via usb , so disconnect it first . next step is installing the usb drivers on your computer . assuming you are running windows , the drivers for mytouch 4g should be located on the sd card that came with the phone . look for file named " htcdriver . exe " then copy to your pc and execute it . if you can not find that file , look for the drivers on google . after you successfully install the drivers , download and install the android sdk . pick a folder that is easy to type , such as "C:\AndroidSDK" for example . now open windows command prompt by going to start -> run , typing " cmd " ( without quotes ) and pressing enter . in the command prompt window type in cd C:\AndroidSDK\platform-tools and press enter . connect your mt4g to the pc via usb , and in the command prompt type in adb devices and press enter . if everything was correctly installed you should see messages like these : * daemon not running . starting it now on port 5037 * * daemon started successfully * list of devices attached xxxxxxxxxxx device where " xxxxxxxxxx " is a combination of letters and numbers , signifying your phone 's id . this means adb is seeing your phone , and you can now issue commands to it .
check out wifi keyboard -- allows you to use your desktop 's keyboard to control the android . nb : i have not personally tried this , but it looks pretty cool . aimed particularly at apps that require keyboard input , but still do not pop-up a virtual keyboard . . . . . . again , wifi , not bluetooth . aaargh . unless , you know , you get your pc to broadcast on bluetooth .
you can fix this with the help of root and a terminal emulator ( e . g . android terminal emulator ( or , alternatively , using adb shell ) . the binary to do the job is called fsck , and usually located in either /system/xbin or /system/bin . sometimes you need a special variant of it , which might e.g. be called fsck.exfat or the like . so first let 's make sure we find the right binary : cd /system/xbin ls fsc*  if not found , repeat with /system/bin . i will assume here it was found in the first place , and is simply called fsck ( adjust the following correspondingly if that is not the case ) . as fsck comes from the " linux core " , we can consult its man page for the syntax . though there might be some options not working on android , the most basic ones should . see the linked man page for details ( or run a linux vm and use man fsck in case that page disappears ) -- i will stick to the basics here : first we need to find the device your sd card is bound to . if it is mounted , the mount command will assist us : mount  that is it , basically : check the output and see where your sd card sits . usually this is something using vold , but it is different between devices . output may include something like /dev/block/vold/179:17 on /mnt/storage/sdcard -- in that case , the first part of my quote is our device . in order to repair the " drive " , you need to unmount it first . this can be done via the settings menu , or , as we are just in the terminal , by issuing umount /dev/block/vold/179:17  now we can go for the repair job . basic syntax is : fsck [options] [-t fstype] &lt;filesystem&gt; [fsoptions]  so we first try the simplest approach and hope fsck figures out everything itself : fsck -C -r /dev/block/vold/179:17  which basically means : show progress ( -c ) , and always ask the user to repair ( -r ) any errors on /dev/block/vold/179:17 . if this does not work out , check with the linked man page for further options .
this is apparently not currently possible . i am not the only person with this desire . there is an open issue at google ( issue 23176 ) . in one of my searches , i found someone who says they looked into the code for the phone app , and found that it is calling the messaging app directly without allowing the messaging intent , which is what would prompt me to choose the messaging app versus google voice to send the message . the app suggested by dymutaos looked somewhat promising , but i am concerned about its security . so , unfortunately , this very useful feature is currently useless to me . i hope they fix it in the not-too-distant future .
on google maps , create your trip including all waypoints . save that map to " my maps " within google maps . on the android device , go to maps , layers , more layers and then choose " my maps " select the map you want , it will come into maps on your android device with each waypoint available . you can choose each waypoint individually and you will get the blue arrow over it which will kick off google navigation . not the best solution ( e . g . google having programmed it as a feature ) , but at least one can completely plan a trip with google maps and then port the entire thing over to the android device and navigate with it .
espier launcher might be the closest thing you can get to an " ios experience " . i gave it a test run , it does not have an app drawer . . . it is pretty much exactly like ios .
yes , for non-free apps there is a minimum price for each supported currency . as i noticed this morning when adjusting the price of one of my apps , these minimum prices are not exactly equivalent across currencies ( and even if they were , they would drift over time due to exchange rate fluctuations ) . for example , i set the new price of my app at $0.99 for the us and the roughly equivalent price of £0.59 for the uk . however , i could not set such low prices for scandinavian countries or japan because the minimums were higher ( the japanese minimum is 99 yen , which is roughly £0.71 / us$1.16 at today 's rates ) . the full list of minimum and maximum prices is here . at current rates it seems that the cheapest possible non-free app would cost €0.50 ( approximately us$0.72 ) .
this is something that has to be enabled in the kernel . some custom kernels do implement this , depending on your device .
in app updates ( host files etc ) : basically because you are in an arms race agains the advertising / app developers . the developers want you to see the advertising , as this is one of their sources of income . they are also aware of ad-block , adaway , adfree etc etc and are constantly trying new advertisers , new proxies and new methods of embedding the adverts in your application , website etc . in order to keep the adverts blocked , the application needs to update the host files and lists of blocked sites , proxies etc to keep functioning correctly . there should be a ' check for updates daily ' option , there definitely is in adfree android ( well recommended ) which you could use as an alternative to adblock plus . by default most of these programs seem to check for updates when the device is rebooted from scratch , and have a daily / weekly or such checkin also . you could go to Settings &gt; Applications &gt; AdBlock and disable notifications also . you could , i gues , just dismiss the notifcation when it arrives , and update whenever suits you . leaving it go does mean adverts will start to creep back in over time , however . updates to the app itself : if the actual application ( i.e. . the apk ) itself has very regular updates then either the application needs to update to keep ahead of the advertising , which seems to be to be a bit of a flaw , or it is ( as you said ) in beta stages and needs constant tweaking . alternatively with so many new devices coming online , and kitkat released it may need all this fixing to ensure compatability . the simplest solution for either scenario , to my mind , is to get adfree android or similar and not worry about this at all !
is it in the internal sd card ? try file://mnt/sdcard/Download/AnotherFolder/here.html .
this behaviour depends on the application you use , and so , on the way developer ( s ) programmed their applications . the application may provide an option to use enter as send , but if it does not , then i think you can not do much about this . . .
from what i looked up , the karbonn s1 titanium does not support otg . according to http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/snapdragon_(system_on_chip)#snapdragon_s4 the karbonn s1 titanium , is a msm8625q chipset . which does not support otg http://www.qualcomm.com/snapdragon/processors/s4/specs
assuming , you have a nexus , the internal memory should show up as a normal sd card would in other phones . when you connect your phone to a pc and then mount it , it ought to show up as a removable drive . you can use aldiko - it is an ebook reader ( currently freeware ) that works well with epubs . copy the . epub file and drop it in your phone ( after mounting ) place the . epub file in * phone_directory/ebooks/import unmount , and start aldiko press the menu key , and hit import , give it some time to copy the file , and you are done ! the newly imported book should now show up on your bookshelf . the official faq might also help . edit : an alternative ( easier ) method using the same app , available on google play . i found that i could import the . epub without connecting the device to a pc . this was verified with a nexus 7 , which does not have an sd card . navigate to aldiko 's main page . after selecting files , you can browse the files on your device . select the . epub file you want to read and select import . the . epub will show up in the aldiko library .
i figured out that if i disable 802.11n mode and just leave b/g enabled , then my phone works on wifi just fine . it seems that there was an issue using 802.11n on my phone . i do not yet know if the issue was my ap or my phone , but i guess i will need to find a way to disable 802.11n on froyo .
the only solution i am aware of ( besides hacking the code itself ) is blocking permissions : permissions denied pdroid privacy extension regarding pdroid : currently , only gingerbread is supported officially but you may find a working patcher for your cm9.1 firmware on xda . its google play description says : pdroid allows you to block access to the following private data for any application regardless of its permissions : [ . . . ] account auth tokens , [ . . . ] edit : tried pdroid and found it to work great . you need a compatible rom ( cm , aokp , pa , . . . ) and autopatcher ( download here ) plus either the original pdroid or the pdroid2.0 app ( see 1st post/attachment ) . note : v2.0 needs jellybean , use the old one for ics and below ( the original author has not updated the app for some time and has not ported the original gingerbread patches . autopatcher includes both ported original pdroid patches and the v2.0 fork for jellybean )
after some digging into google , i came across a software called backuptrans . the features listed include transfer sms between android and iphone , save sms from android/iphone onto local database on computer , restore sms from local database to android/iphone and many more . i do not have an iphone to check this software . this seems pretty good . the work steps are as simple as importing from iphone to the computer and exporting to the android device . more details with screenshots can be found here the only downer for this solution is that you have to pay some cash ( a minimum of $29.95 ) to use it fully . since you are not comfortable with isms2droid ( iphone sms import ) , this seems to be the best option available . on an additional note , isms2droid is worth trying before you buy backuptrans .
let me guess . . . you turned on gpu rendering in the developer options ? some apps that do not properly support it will do that . try turning that off . also , on an unrelated note : you can take screenshots by holding power and volume down .
i am pretty sure that you wont lose the functionality of lock screen camera . but check once before encrypting because you need to hard reset/repair to decrypt xperia phones .
thumbnail cache check the .thumbnails directory in sdcard/DCIM (Digital Camera IMages)/ notice that it is a hidden directory and only visible with certain file managers with the option to view hidden files . this directory stores a lot of thumbnail data especially in the form of two large binary files . play music ( if you are using it ) play music caches your songs so Settings &gt; Clear Cache . app data left behind delete some app data cache left behind by uninstalled apps from sdcard/ and sdcard/Andorid/data . even apps such as chrome , maps , youtube leave a lot of cached files in sdcard/Andorid/data . clean those apps cache from sdcard/Andorid/data . storage space install diskusage and check your devices storage by detail . diskusage provides a way to find files and directories on storage card which consume a lot of space . after pinpointing down apps and files that consume a lot of storage with diskusage . simply deleting those files and going into Settings &gt; Apps selecting and cleaning those apps would prove sufficient .
i think the answer here is " in all practicability , no . " one hypothetical alternative would be usb host support , and to mount an external hard drive or thumb drive onto your phone . this would mean doing something like this , how to mount external hard drive to your xoom . this seems impractical and potentially dangerous ( who knows if that otg cable might cause a short ) . the sgs may not even recognize the cable , or the drive , and the apk may not work with your phone . that is the best answer i have on actually connecting via usb to a storage location . actual streaming from a pc via the usb port , though ? even if there were a way , it would probably require extensive work on both the phone and the computer . would not a better ( and way easier ) solution be to buy a wireless usb adapter and set it to ad-hoc mode and ssid non-broadcast ? just a thought .
android only supports proxies in android 4.0+ . in android 2.3 or below i recommend you use the proxydroid app to use the proxy . this app supports authenticated proxies but needs root access . the reason you have a proxy setting could be due to additions by your device manufacturer .
the process has changed as of version 4.1 . you no longer have to sign out and sign back in . to switch : open the menu by swiping right or tapping the icon in the upper left tap the down arrow next to your name ( or your page 's name ) if necessary , tap " switch google+ page " tap the name of the page you want to switch to the process is the same to go back to your regular account . this is how to do it with versions 3.2 ( or the version updated 11th october depending on your device ) to 4.0 . x . to switch : sign out choose your user account ( if you have more than one ) if you have recently updated the app you may need to go through a few settings screens choose to sign in as yourself or one of your pages
you have to be rooted and you have to have the kernel module for cifs support . if you have froyo , you also will need slow-work . ko kernel module as well . once you have those , you can use ( shameless plug ) mount manager , it can handle loading the modules for you automatically and lots of features available for auto mounting when connecting to wifi , and other stuff . it is a lot like cifs manager , but has a more robust system for loading the modules , and supports multiple modules and has support for being a plugin for locale/tasker ( paid version ) .
i ended up going with teamviewer , but thanks for all the suggestions !
there is no built-in tool to do this - why would there be ? - but there are several apps available depending on exactly what kind of information you want to show and how you want it displayed . for example , you could do worse than my app showr , which is a home screen widget . you tell it the web address of an image file , or an rss feed with images , and how often to update it , and it updates the image and displays it on your home screen . it is a free download from google play . my users often use it to display information like weather maps and charts , as well as more fun things like webcams , photo blogs , and logos or pictures of things or people they like . you might also use home screen widgets for other kinds of information . for example , if the events you want to display are in a google calendar ( or can be imported into it from an ical file or similar ) , then the google calendar app can display upcoming events in a list on the home screen . there is quite a few task list apps too , and they usually have home screen widgets and push capabilities , so if you add or complete a task from your phone , the list on the wall updates automatically . remember the milk is one such , which i use , but you have to pay a subscription for unlimited syncing .
it call the last number used in or out , its supposed to be a quick reconnect after a dropped call . . . the the bt is supposed to be hands free , so using the phone to select a call is none hands free ! you should be able to double tap the button and get a voice recognition control , with various occasionally funny results
the facebook app does not have an option for it , so basically : you can not . facebook also provides no way to easily export contact information , so you had have to do it manually ( or with some crazy script/app that scrapes the info from the website ) .
too bad android se is not as active as other se sites , just did a nandroid restore from when i just installed the rom and so far i have not set up titanium backup . well that'll teach me . . . at least it boots again .
there is only one possible way to restore your device after unmounting system and/or bricking it . and that is to flash ( via odin ) the original stock firmware in a file named : pda_hc31_eg01ba_ap352081user_cp1033580_lte20110704_0708 . tar nothing else will work . only this one file will be able to unbrick this device . the procedure is quite easy . on the device hold volume up + power select odin mode ( right icon ) connect usb to device and computer on the computer download and run odin 1.85 ( this is important because diff versions of odin support diff files ) check off pda and select the above tar file click start ( 3 boxes should be checked , 2 default and pda ) the odin software will then transfer the stock firmware to the device and shut off when the transfer is finished . user must boot up the device again . when the device boots up , it will automatically install the firmware . the device is now officially unbricked .
you actually can enable both of those features while in airplane mode . they get turned off automatically when you first enable airplane mode , but there is nothing that prevents you from re-enabling them :
as i said in my comment , you should be able to flash using odin . i am not sure it works through a vm though , so perhaps you might have better luck with heimdall . basically , you need to get the appropriate firmware for your device from here ( signup required ) . then , shut down your device and boot it while holding volume down + power . once the tablet enters download mode , connect it to a pc . if using odin , the file you downloaded goes into the pda box . i am not too sure about heimdall , but it looks like the downloaded file goes into the " heimdall firmware package " box . then click " start " in odin and wait for your device to reboot . at this point , the tablet should boot into android .
install gps status and toolbox . then go to the app 's settings &gt; gps sensors &gt; auto-download AGPS data , and set it to whatever you like . it also has a pro key , which unlocks other features . the main goal for the application is to assist you and all the other applications on your device to get a gps lock as fast as possible . it is much better to know what is happening inside your phone than staring cluelessly on a blinking notificaion icon and hoping that it will stop blinking sooner or later . ( some people just simply enjoy watching all the raw data ; ) steps to follow if you have a non-locking gps , from their faq : menu / tools / manage agps state . select ' reset ' to clear the internal state of the gps . select ' download ' to re-download the assistance data . you will need an active internet connection at this step . close the gps status application for 10 seconds . go outside and find a spot where large part of the sky is visible . make sure you have the ' keep the screen on ' settings turned on ( in menu / settings / display and tools ' . let the program run and try to acquire your gps position for at least 15 minutes . notes : if the above steps do not resolve the gps issue then you most likely have a hardware problem with the phone . certain phone cases block the gps signal ( remove the phone from it , if you are not sure . ) certain windshields may block the gps signal inside cars ( those that have metallic coating to keep the heat out . ) certain phones ( usually cdma ) turn off the gps chip if you put the phone into flight mode . if you travel a long distance without turning on the gps ( i.e. . flight ) you can expect much longer fix times at your destination initially . obviously you cannot expect the gps to work in your basement ! ( yes i am serious ) see if that improves the gps lock .
you should be able to change the input method by long pressing on a text box > input method . the menu should give you a list of input methods , select the one that is not swype .
samsung has two types of mhl cable : an 11-pin one for their more recent phones , and a 5-pin one for their older phones . the 5-pin one is standard and will work on non-samsung phones . the 11-pin one only works on newer samsung phones . third-party manufacturers tend to also sell both kinds , so look at which phones the cable says it is for . if it says it is for samsung galaxy s4 , or if it is y-shaped with a second usb output , then it is an 11-pin one and will not work with your phone . see my other answer on how does mhl work ? to learn more about the difference .
i would suggest using a utility such as titaniumbackup to completely back-up all your applications and your data . it will be stored on your sd card so that you can restore them all after you have installed your new rom , and you would not even notice that it was gone .
on ubuntu , your device needs to be manually identified to the udev system : as root : create or edit /etc/udev/rules.d/51-android.rules and add this line : SUBSYSTEM=="usb", SYSFS{idVendor}=="0502\u2033, MODE="0666"  then : # chmod a+rx /etc/udev/rules.d/51-android.rules # restart udev udev start/running, process 3793  this works for my sidekick on my ubuntu 10.04 system .
i solved the problem myself . i had a game installed on sd card named , hambo , i shifted it to phone and all apps , came back to their place , what else change i did earlier was to remove updates of android market app . so google play was removed and then i did the only change of moving one app . from sd card to phone and my problem was solved . i do not know actual reason of problem but based on what i read some where i think it was may be waiting for some update or change in some installation after the uninstallation of play update . so when i shifted an app to phone , all old things restored at their place .
the notification flash settings are supposed to enable/disable flashing the led on the front of the handset for events such as receiving an email or sms . if your handset has no led ( my htc desire does , my zte blade does not ) it has no efect but the option is usually still present as it is a stock option .
your carrier determine a social network by his hostname or ip as said in comment , not with a specific application . but there is sometimes where this feature does not work with apps ( some apps use proxy , do not know if this is the case for facebook or twitter . . . ) . an other case is this only work on the carrier 's website ( if they provide social network functions directly on their site ) , but it would be said on your carrier 's offer . anyway this is only determined by the ip or hostname . you can not do that by designate an app with a certain programming function . . .
ok , i will answer my own question on this one because i just came across mortplayer . it does exactly what i want : it will load m3u files or just play all files in a directory .
see this : http://www.appbrain.com/app/lifetracking/com.lifetracking lifetracking application allows you to track any value that is important to you like your weight , blood pressure , or number of pushups you do a day , as well as any time-consuming activities like sleeping , working , watching tv , etc . you can also graph the data to see it visually and use the application to analyze it . the goal of the application is to help you know yourself and your schedule better . hopefully , when you graph things side-by-side you will understand yourself and your life bette
it seems like it fixed by itself . . . now can see the full size picture in my post on google + without doing anything more . my guess is : it uploaded a sample sized version of the picture in order to share my post instantaneously while the full picture was still uploading . . . anymore informations on this from anyone would be nice . thanks : )
until google does something about issue 1008 , ( which seems unlikely since it is about five years old now ) you are unlikely to get a better answer , but for what it is worth , this might help someone in a similar situation . at the moment you can not alter the mtu without root access to the device . in linux this operation requires root , so on android you either need to root the device , or google needs to provide system functionality that applications can use to perform the operation ( i.e. . resolve issue 1008 ) . there is an off-market program mtuchanger which can be used on rooted devices to change the mtu . if you can root your device you can sideload this and work around the issue . of course , you should complain bitterly about charter ( and rogers and the dozen or so other isps ) deploying 6rd in 2013 , when the rest of the world is moving past transition technologies and is doing native dual stack . 6rd is essentially isp-private 6to4 tunnelling , which is why the mtu has to be lowered from 1500 . as such , any company that deploys it is eventually going to have to do it again , and do it right .
as per oxford : top grossing means earning more money than other similar things or people . but as per google app store it may refer to : top-grossing = sum of all revenue generated from the purchase of the app + sum of all in-app purchases it also means that app listed in top grossing lists holds people 's attention for the most time . so even if an app is free but still if it is getting downloaded the most then it will feature in this list . also many of the free versions apps like angry birds , cut the rope etc . provide in app purchase ability i.e. you do not need to bye a paid version but to access more features you have to pay some amounts which ultimately boost 's apps revenue and ranks app higher in list .
it is a combination of a pdf and a browser issue . some pdfs work fine while others do not across different browsers . downloading the pdf you mentioned , here are the results using different browsers : chrome : cannot open pdf from notification boat browser : cannot open pdf from notification dolphin : can open pdf from notification downloading a different pdf from another site , here are the results using different browsers : chrome : can open pdf from notification boat browser : can open pdf from notification dolphin : can open pdf from notification update 2013-10-11: according to scott 's findings , this is a pdf issue . the content-type header of the problematic pdf is application/x-download , while the working pdf is application/pdf . if you control the server which is serving these pdfs , you can switch the content-type header to allow it to open in all browsers . php example : in php this was previously broken when sending :  header('Content-Type: application/x-download');  switch this to this header to work :  header('Content-Type: application/pdf'); 
there is a repligo reader for android available . . . if you want some alternatives you should take a look at repligo reader alternatives for android
you can not do this because : there is only one google services framework running for all accounts . google accounts credentials are stored centrally from where google apps authenticate . but , there is a way to solve your issue : turn on imap from gmail settings . and , use imap in default email app or k-9 mail app . done ! play store can not see it . .
the . nomedia file is for the reason you stated . you can safely remove the file and other apps will be able to pick up the medias in that folder . in any case , if there is any problem you can easily create that file again . it can be a empty file with the name . nomedia . you can use programs like es file explorer to explore to that directory and create the file . edit : as per the comments below which contains very useful information : your music apps may recreate the . nomedia file when you launch it . other players will only be able to play the music if only the musics are drm free .
as i was writing that question i stumbled upon the answer in a really convoluted menu pathway . i was unable to find it in my prior research on the internet so i will post it up in case anyone is looking in future . open the settings app . go to language and keyboard . touch the settings button next to touch input under keyboard and input methods touch personal dictionary touch edit personal dictionary press the menu button then touch delete then select incorrect entries to remove .
this app could do the trick : bluetooth music player free you need to install it on both android devices and pair them . then put the tablet in ListenMUSIC over Blueetooth mode and the the phone in shareMUSIC over Bluetooth mode .
on the nexus 7 there is not a separate menu option for " reboot into safe mode " . you have to long press on " power off " and then the safe mode dialog appears . i would try that , since i imagine it would work the same way if the gnex supports it .
the free app android llama can do this . best of all it is not required to use the energy-expensive gps-receiver but can do the same also with " wlan-ids-in-reach " and " cell-phone-masts-in-reach " as alternative .
applications do not have to care where the storage is . they just ask the android system to give them a " pointer " to it . there are specific api calls for this , like getExternalStorageDirectory() . for details , you might check on our sister site : get the right external storage from android devices .
unrevoked 3 will root the htc desire without replacing the rom , however it does reflash the recovery rom : http://unrevoked.com/#desire
android does not natively support pure ipsec client to connect to cisco like vpn concentrators . for that first you need to root your device and install any custom rom with tun kernel module support and install this app http://code.google.com/p/get-a-robot-vpnc/ configuration to be used is , connection name : cisco ( can be anything ) ip sec gateway : get it from vpn profile config file [ * . pcf ] ip sec id : this is the groupname , can found in pcf file ip sec secret : decrypted group password ( encrypted password can be found in pcf file ) decryption tool username : vpn user id password : soft token generated password . leave all other configuration as empty or default .
sure it can be done . i never used this feature , so i am not sure whether there is an option for " a simple icon " , but you should take a look at the " bookmark widget": first , start your browser and create a bookmark for the page you want to link to . second , go to your homescreen , long-tap on a free space ( where you want the link to be ) , select " widgets " , and then watch out for the " bookmark widget " . tap it , select your bookmark , et voila ! there should be a shortcut on your homescreen . alternative to the second step : while still in your browser , go to " bookmarks " , long-tap the bookmark you created , and select " add to homescreen " ( source : androidcentral ) . more alternatives : is it possible to create a url link to a website on the home screen ? pinning web sites to android homescreen check the many bookmark widgets available at google play use the tasker app to create a shortcut ( not that easy when trying tasker for the first time , as it is quite complex – but here i am pretty sure it will be an icon . and as side-effect , you have got the mightiest automation tool available for android : ) to do the similar thing to open a file with an associated app , depending on the launcher used , explained using an example : go to your homescreen long press an empty space where the icon should be placed in the opening menu , select " shortcut " select your file manager ( this will not work with all file managers ; in my example , i used es file explorer , which perfectly serves this case ) now navigate to the file you want to create a shortcut for ( in my example , i selected an epub ebook ) the icon should appear on your homescreen . now , tapping that icon , either your ebook reader opens directly ( if only one is installed , or you have made it the default to " always use" ) , or , as in my case , a popup asks you to chose the app to be used ( e . g . aldiko , moon+ reader , fbreader ) .
after trawling through all manner of options i isolated the root cause of this issue . within google account sync i had a look at all available settings and the one that seemed to be causing an issue was ' sync internet ' option which was just constantly running ( and appearing to be keeping the phone awake . switching this off has got back my battery back to normal . i still have no idea why my phone was trying to sync the entire internet :- )
restoring factory defaults without deleting any apps or data is a contradiction in terms , as that is exactly what the reset does ( see : factory-reset ) . could it be you just want your app to survive , but do not care about everything else being reset ? that could be done by making the app a system app ( see : system-apps ) , which requires the device to be rooted ( see : rooting , root ) in the first place . apart from that , the answer is " no " . as soon as your customer applies a factory-reset , your app will be removed as well .
well , that turned out to be so easy that i did not found any documentation about that . what you have to do is to long press the keyboard keys just as you do in a soft keyboard , it will show a popup with diacritics you can use for that letter ( in the image you can see what happens when you long press letter " u" ) . then click on the button corresponding to the character you want to use or the close button to exit . ( this image contains icons from farm fresh icons by fatcow web hosting ) note that not all letters have this behavior , in which case at long pressing they repeat as normally do elsewhere .
the problem is , that my android device automatically turns off the 3g connection as soon as wifi is available . why do not you shut off wi-fi ? since you can not control port forwarding or anything at work , there is not much else you can do . although , you could just ask and see whether they had consider opening the google talk ports ( 443/5222/5223 ) .
there are some bugs reported in the xperia p jelly bean update 6.2.A.0.400 . even if it is suggested to perform a factory reset , the problem has not seemed to have fully solved . so your problem will not most probably be fixed until sony releases a new version with bug fixes ( and it might take some time ) note : since you are mainly concerned with your gaming apps , you might need to check the incompatibilities from the google play store .
i installed them all again . while google play knew my apps , it did not automatically install them again . so pressing install on every app brought them back . about backup , i found that the android sdk has a backup function that backups everything , installed apps as well , next them i use that , maybe this makes reinstallation of apps unnecessary .
unfortunately this is not something that can not be turned on or off . it is possible that it is a vendor specific thing , you do not say what device you have or if you are rooted or not , so i assume this is the case . i am running a sgs3 with a custom rom on it ( aokp ) and i have just restarted the device and can confirm there was no vibration during the start or stop procedure . however my nexus one with a stock rom did vibrate . a possible fix is to root the device and stick a custom rom on there , but that is quite an extreme fix for the issue .
often fastboot drivers are different from the ones used by recovery mode and/or fully-booted android system . i would recommend re-installing the usb drivers on your pc . you may need to delete existing drivers that windows picked up . full instructions with driver download for nexus 4 here : quote : plug your phone into your computer . go to device manager on your computer and locate your device . it will either be under " android devices " or " other devices " depending whether drivers have been installed or not . right click on your phone and select " uninstall . " in the box that appears , check the option to " delete the driver software for this device . " go back to device manager and refresh . locate your phone and right click to select " update driver software . " manually install the drivers by picking the folder of the files you downloaded . unplug your phone and restart your computer . plug it back in and everything should work . download link : http://www.mediafire.com/?8xb50uktar8096i
i actualy got it by doing the update from a windows 7 computer . kies seems to have difficulties with windows 8 .
do you have either app moved to the sd card ( using froyo ) ? if yes , then you need to move then back . the apps are not loading when the phone boots , so the phone is reverting to what is currently available on boot ( stock sms/keyboard ) . you have to remember : with cyanogenmod , it will let you move any app to sd card , regardless of whether the app is set to allow you or not . i made a similar mistake with swype .
sunpech is correct about that . however , it does not quite work in the way you are envisioning it . your groups in your google contacts do not sort your contacts in your phone , instead you are simply able to specify to android which of those groups you want synced . when you are in your contact list ( in android ) you can hit menu and go to " display options " and choose your preferences there . the actual appearance of the " display options " screen will vary depending on your version of android , but ultimately , you will be able to choose which groups to include in your contacts , and even specify to only display those with phone numbers . i hope this clears things up for you .
can not see how to get an individual bookmark with a thumbnail screenshot of the webpage , but there are a couple of similar things you can do with the default browser in ics . in the screenshot above the top row are bookmarks added to the home screen by going into the browser , opening the bookmarks list , long pressing on a bookmark and selecting " add to home screen " . these appear to be the using the site 's " favicon " . the next two rows are the "3x2 bookmarks " widget , that just lists the contents of my browser 's bookmarks folder . add that by opening your apps list , selecting the widgets tab at the top and then long pressing to drag the "3x2 bookmarks " widget to a home screen . it then gives you a chance to pick a folder in your bookmarks to show ( you could create a new folder in bookmarks beforehand and fill that folder with only web pages that you want to show on your home screen ) .
according to this review , you may need to create playlists in the android 's stock music player app , and micoach will pull those playlists in .
since the sd cards are slower than internal nand memory , by running a rom off the sd you will be sacrificing on the speed . things like booting up and launching apps will be noticeably slower . the class rating of your sd card will play a large role in how much slower your nc will feel when running in such configuration . it is generally recommended to buy at least a class 6 card for this purpose . by running custom roms from the sd card you will be able to easily keep the original manufacturer installed firmware intact . in nook color the sd card is set as a primary boot device , so if it contains a bootable rom image , it will be used instead of whatever is installed on emmc . by just inserting such a card into the microsd slot and turning the nc on , you will be running a custom rom . boot up without this card - and you are back on the emmc rom , be it stock or a different custom one . this can be quite beneficial for quickly testing out new experimental roms ( e . g . honeycomb builds ) without blowing away your main one . although it is possible to multi-boot off emmc without utilizing the sd card at all , it is a lot more complicated to set up and maintain . this involves re-partitioning the internal memory , using a custom boot image , and modifying the start-up scripts for each rom you had like to have installed side-by-side . needless to say , this type of installation is not for a novice .
groups are not available in the facebook app . you will have to go to the website via m . facebook . com or touch . facebook . com
i had a similar problem , for me i had to go into the " profile " i was using " default , silent , work , ect . " , and change the phone setting for vibrate to off .
izzy 's comments lead me to correct path , so i have managed to root the device . if somebody else having the same problem ( auto-root programs do not work but you can access device using adb root ) , here is complete how-to to root your phone manually : install Superuser from clockworkmod on google play directly to your phone prepare adb as root and make /system writeable : adb kill-server , adb root , adb remount ( you might need to kill adb.exe in task manager if it hangs ) pull the just downloaded apk to your computer : adb pull /data/app/com.koushikdutta.superuser-1.apk ( note : it may have different name in the future ) on your pc : open the apk using zip ( for example rename extension to .zip or use winrar ) copy from zip system\bin\su to your working directory push it to your phone : adb push su /system/xbin/su be sure that owner is root : adb shell chown root:root /system/xbin/su set suid and sgid bits on the binary : adb shell chmod 06755 /system/xbin/su reboot phone : adb reboot try su from adb : adb shell , su ; prompt should change from $ to # try su from phone : install terminal and use command su or use Root Checker Basic from the store if su from adb works but does not work from phone , repeat whole process from 1 but download different Superuser application from market ( for example chainsdd 's version did not work for me )
not that i have been able to find . seesmic can be configured to connect to statusnet accounts there is also a dedicated statusnet app for android hootsuite does not currently support statusnet accounts the online client can access statusnet via ping . fm , but not android client . i used the seesmic app for a while , but now i am using hootsuite and the statusnet standalone client . at the time i switched , i thought i could configure hootsuite to do what i wanted . so it goes . . . . .
unckecking the Sync gallery will not remove the albums . just uninstall Facebook application from your phone . this will remove all your facebook albums from the stock gallery . upon reinstalling facebook , do not forget to uncheck Sync gallery . this did the trick for me : )
flashing the stock image may have erased your backup . however , since the g2 supports an external sd card , i do not think it would have . from the sd card 's root , it should be at ./TWRP/BACKUPS/ . restoring a backup from here using twrp will re-root your device ( if your device was rooted when you made the backup ) . you can also use apps like titanium backup to selectively restore parts of it . . . but titanium backup requires root . you may , however , be able to selectively pull files from the backups - a full backup of your phone 's filesystems .
i installed next 2 ota updates and got my trace keyboard back . the first one was a small 10mb os update which was still android 4.1.1 but software number as 2.22.720.7 . this required booting after upgrade . the next was a htc sense update which required no booting and got me my trace keyboard back . the stupid power saver notification which came with the jelly bean update is still not gone but trace keyboard back is good enough . never going to update the os again on this phone ! ! !
jelly bean easter egg : go to app drawer and open settings , go to bottom and tap about phone repeatedly tap android version 3 times : it should open a screen showing your current wallpaper and a red jelly bean ( this step is optional ) tap the red jelly bean once and it will change to a smiling jelly bean android head , and the screen will show the text android &lt ; 4 . x version> jelly bean that screen is the jelly bean easter egg . but do not close it : it has to be open to enable the . . . android 4.2 hidden daydream : tap and hold down on the red jelly bean for about 1 sec . you will see an animated screen with lots of colorful jelly beans and smiling jelly beans , which you can play with , pushing ( "flinging" ) them off the screen . in that moment the hidden feature will be enabled : that animated screen is known as beanflinger and from now on it will be available ( with black background , though ) to be selected as one of the daydreams . the daydreams are an android 4.2 new feature , consisting of screensaver apps that can run when your phone or tablet is docked or charging ( more info about daydream ) . enable developer options ( if you enabled them , but you want to revert this process , see note 3 ) go to app drawer and open settings go to bottom and tap about phone tap repeatedly build number 7 times . starting at 3rd tap , you will see a toast saying You are now X steps away from being a developer. after 7th tap , you should get a toast saying : You are now a developer! ( if you keep tapping build number , the toast will change to : No need, you are already a developer. ) the above steps enable the developer options screen , disabled by default in 4.2 ( more info ) . from now on , you will see the developer options in settings screen . notes : tapping the android version in about phone screen 4 times will do the trick too , showing directly the smiling jelly bean . in christmas season , along with the jelly beans , you will may see a wandering candy cane ! it works in both beanflinger easter egg ( left image ) and beanflinger daydream ( right image ) . if you do not need developer options you can either turn off the switch in that screen ( left image ) or clear data from settings app ( Settings &gt; Apps &gt; All &gt; Settings ) if what you want is to completely remove the developer options entry from settings screen ( right image ) . all of the above work in android jellybean 4.3 and android kitkat 4.4 . x too
i have tried go contacts and go dialer and it seems really handy with useful features and beautiful look ! p . s i wanted to post a comment but i do not have adequate permission for " comment everywhere " right now !
1 . using command line : here 's how you can copy files to an sd card image . you have to use adb push to copy files from desktop to emulator and adb pull for the reverse . here 's the syntax to copy files to or from an emulator/device instance : copy from desktop to emulator : adb push &lt;local&gt; &lt;remote&gt;  copy from emulator to desktop : adb pull &lt;remote&gt; &lt;local&gt;  here &lt;local&gt; is path of file / folder on your desktop and &lt;remote&gt; is path of file / folder on your emulator . here is an example : adb push foo.txt /sdcard/foo.txt  foo . txt will be pushed ( copied ) to the emulator . 2 . using ddms ui : here 's how to work with emulator 's file system using ddms . in the devices tab , select the emulator that you want to view the file system for . to copy a file from the device , locate the file in the file explorer and click the pull file button . to copy a file to the device , click the push file button on the file explorer tab . i personally prefer the adb pull and adb push commands as you can copy multiple files ( in a single directory ) with just one line command , using ddms you can copy only one file at a time ( no directory ) .
yes . the app that starts the intent ( i.e. . the app with the " take photo " button ) is responsible for choosing a file name and creating the file . it then puts that file 's uri ( its path ) in the intent . the camera app then opens that file , writes the photo to it , and gives a result back to the first app . the upshot of this is that it is up to the calling app ( the one with the " take photo " button ) to give you a way to set the file name , if they want to do that . the file name will take effect whatever camera app you use . the intent protocol does not provide a way for the calling app to ask for more than one photo , so there is no way for an app to offer this feature without launching the camera app several times in succession . if you are interested in the details , the official android developer documentation describes it , with code examples .
i have a galaxy s4 with 4.4.2 . i realize that touchwiz is a bit different between the two devices but maybe this will help . i can not tell you for sure what contributes to the ranking on the list but it seems to me that it is based on number of calls primarily . there is no one in my favorites list that i have not made a call to and i have many contacts not on the favorites list that i only sms , email , etc , with . as far as removing a contact , i can hit the menu button and have an option " remove from favorites " which brings up a checkbox list allowing me to delete .
you need a rooted phone for this . first get the /hosts file : adb pull /system/etc/hosts  this copies it into your current working directory . now make your changes . ( if you are not using a unix system make sure that you use something that supports unix newlines , like notepad++ , sublime text , gedit etc . ) then we need to send it back to the device with : adb remount adb push hosts /system/etc/hosts  the first line remounts your /system partiton so you can write to , and the second pushes it back . now reboot your device . as you already have a terminal open just type : adb reboot 
all you need is the titaniumbackup folder on the sd card . this contains all your backup information . make sure to have the Auto-sync TB settings preference checked . titanium backup , ironically , will not back itself up when running a backup . this check-box ensures that your settings for the app are saved as well ( such as schedules and preferences ) . you can also create an update . zip file which can be used to install tb in the recovery : go to the menu , click more , then scroll down until you see Create "update.zip" . this particular file will not be stored in the titaniumbackup folder , but rather on the root of your sd card . after you wipe everything , just copy the titaniumbackup folder back onto the sd card , install your rom , and install tb ( either from google play or from the update . zip file if you created it ) . it should automatically pick up all its old settings and be ready to restore your apps .
unfortunately , there is no way to disable that . sony is using a proprietary dialer that has that function hard-coded into it . without using a custom rom , there is no way around it . i know this because i have experience with this on samsung devices ( they also have a bar near the bottom that allows to reject with text ) , and having heavy proficiency with android , outside of somehow recompiling the dialer apk and using your knowledge of java to find the entry , remove it , and recompile , there is unfortunately nothing you can do .
yes , it has hspa+ which is what t-mobile 's "4g " actually stands for . this article on androidauthority should help you understanding why it does not have lte .
opengts provides fleet tracking , and there is a ( paid ) android app on the market . given that it is open source , it is always possible someone ( you ? ) could develop a free app as well .
i did not see this issue on a custom rom - is it an issue with the stock samsung rom ? i would suggest you find out - and if you really want to get rid of it , install a custom rom onto your phone after rooting - i find sapir 's cm10 rom to work well , and i do not see this issue . please check http://forum.xda-developers.com for more info on rooting and installing custom rom 's to your device .
i did resolve this issue eventually . i use app protector pro on the main account of the device , but it is not installed in the second user . somehow having this enabled on the primary account disrupts the screen ordering on the second and subsequent users . it occurred to me that this might be the case , and testing has proved it so . you need to disable app protector pro to resolve .
according to several sources ( including a.o. technipages and androidcentral ) the cause of this problem is lacking space in your device 's internal memory , which must have at least 25mb free space left . t-mobile 's support pages have a detailed instruction on how to solve the issue . though for some steps it was not clear to me what android version ( and what menu option ) they were referring to , as a basic abstract the most important points include : remove apps you no longer need this is the fastest solution , as it will certainly reclaim larger amounts of space per single step . to do so , you can e.g. use androids default app manager : go to settings &rarr ; applications &rarr ; manage applications , select the downloaded tab ( you only can remove apps you downloaded yourself ) , check which apps you no longer need , tap their entry , and hit the uninstall ( or remove ) button . in case this is grayed out , you might need to force stop the app first . move apps to your sd card this option is available with android 2.2 and higher , but does not work with all apps . in short , apps must actively support this -- and must not provide widgets and some other things in order to be moved to sd card . the built-in " mover " only permits you to move apps applying to these rules . cleaning up caches you can do so manually going to settings &rarr ; applications &rarr ; manage applications , select " all " ( not just " downloaded " ) , tap each app , and select the clear cache button . clear history this is for your call-logs etc . i doubt this reclaims lots of space . having followed these essential steps ( which i placed in the order of " most effective first" ) , your problem should be gone .
current app 's usage : if you mean storage , there is a handy program on market called disk usage . it will display the current size of all installed applications , as well as how much space each 's data takes up . i have a feeling you may mean ram usage , which is a different animal indeed . to get the amount of ram a program is currently using , see the apps section of the settings . the running tab shows the relevant details . new update 's or non-installed app usage : most of these details cannot really be determined before installing an app or an update , unless the developer is kind enough to include these details in the applications 's description or the what is new section . the closest you can get is the actual size of the application , which does show up in the application description . i guess you could use a combination of what you can learn from disk usage on the current version 's size and correlate that to what shows up in google play for the current version . details like ram usage are difficult to determine as they depend on a lot of factors : which resources are loaded on your particular device configuration ( e . g . high or low res images and icons ) . how you use the app ( e . g . if you have a browser and load 100 tabs , the program will use more ram ) . the quality of the app . the program may inadvertently waste memory due to a bug only you experience . it would be difficult to predict things like this . as for app storage , this really depends on whether the app developer chooses to change the way it stores data . hopefully this answers your question .
i checked that myself . i installed cwm 6.0.1.0 on my galaxy tab p5100 , then i tried to restore the twrp backup that i already had , and it did not work . maybe it needs a little more technical work . but with a normal procedure , it does not work .
try settings > applications > manage applications . all > network location > clear data .
yes , just use adb over usb and run adb shell . see http://developer.android.com/guide/developing/tools/adb.html#shellcommands
tasker is a pretty awesome app that basically lets you write little apps/functionality , yourself . a simple solution , using tasker , is as follows : create a new tasked called ' missedcall ' for the '1st context ' choose state> missed call . click ok click done task selection , choose new task name it ' getridofmissedcalls ' . ok click add , choose phone > call log . click done click the + button to add another task choose app > go home . click done click done , again your task is now setup and you should be in the tasker profile list , click apply . basically what happens is that when you have a missed call tasker will open up the call log list , which will get rid of the notification , tasker will then return you to your home screen . i assume that most of you missed calls occur when the phone is in your pocket etc . so hopefully the behaviour of returning to the home screen is ok . there will be a system flag for missed calls , and if i could find out what it is then we could just get tasker to switch the flag to false ( or missed call count =0 ) , which would be a more elegant solution to the problem .
this can not be done in a totally automated fashion , as indicated by the accepted answer to this stackoverflow question . basically , it is against the android security model to allow Unknown Sources to be changed programmatically .
yes , rooting is usually ( but not always ) required . the following are some options : android screencast : probably one of the more easier and popular sol'n google code project " android vnc " . have to search for it , i can only post 1 link at a time right now . . . droid explorer : app from marketplace android vnc server : a guide that uses a different apk from either sol'n above try them out and see which one gives you the best options .
yes , here is the source code download and what you need to use it . http://source.android.com/download and the license agreement : http://source.android.com/license home page : http://www.android.com/ the wiki : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/android%5f%28operating%5fsystem%29 from the wiki : at google , the team led by rubin developed a mobile device platform powered by the linux kernel which they marketed to handset makers and carriers on the premise of providing a flexible , upgradeable system .
finally , someone from xda shared his nandroid backup for stock rom , here is the link ; http://docs.google.com/file/d/0b06fizeukdchulbvzfzpretos0k/edit?usp=sharing the original thread on xda : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?s=c89f980ba9f35f7e5ec9ae6b6bf11beft=1975140page=139
not in the usa . virgin mobile usa 's network is cdma , while the galaxy note is a gsm phone . virgin mobile uk is a gsm network , so galaxy note will work on it . although depending on whether the phone and the carrier use the same frequencies for 3g , you may only get 2g speeds .
according to this : http://www.modaco.com/topic/370148-mwc-2014-sony-xperia-tablet-z2-hands-on/ and on this video : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qjut4zawqqw#t=172 ( at 2:51 ) so lte versions are capable of making and recieving phone calls .
you could use a vpn to " mask " all your traffic . this way your provider would still be able to count the amount of data transfered -- but he would no longer be able to see its contents . vpn requires a client ( which comes already integrated with recent android versions -- but additionally , there are a lot of apps available for this on the google playstore ) and a server . the latter you can establish on your own hardware ( software is available for most operating systems -- even some routers have this capability built-in ) . alternatively , there are providers available offering vpn as a service . the techrepublic has a quite detailed article on this topic : securely connect your android smartphone via vpn . it describes what can be done this way , and also includes the necessary steps to set up everything . so if this approach sounds good to you , follow the link for more details . other good sources can surely be found following the vpn tag here on ase .
the boot-loader code is stored within the /boot partition . majority of android handsets uses the qualcomm 's boot loader , called lk ( little kernel ) , barring samsung , which uses their own form of boot-code . lk has the following : variety of nand devices for bootup usb driver to enable upgrading images over usb during development keypad driver to enable developers enter ‘fastboot’ mode for image upgrades display driver for debugging and splash screen enable android recovery image and image upgrades this applies to only , qualcomm chipsets hence the exemption of samsung based handsets there is a website blog that cites this from source the actual source code , if anyone is curious enough , can be found on codeaurora site . this is known as caf , in which a lot of qualcomm specific code for kernels can be found in . as a side-note : google releases source to aosp , caf , pulls from them , modifies it to make it fit within qualcomm chipsets , then the manufacturers pull those down and add their own bits , it is that for the reason there is , aosp , caf and cyanogenmod that are the main three flavours of android . the actual source code to the boot-loader can be found on caf 's git repository , and has not changed much , it can also be found in cyanogenmod 's source , specifically in , /bootable/bootloader also .
after days of attempts the problem was the two step verification ! i was trying to login a htc desire with android 2.2 while my account has teo step verification so i was not able to setup the account ( i do not know i on last version of android is it possible to login with two step verification ) . i solved : stop " two step verification " login on the smartphone set " two step verification "
do this ( at your own risk ) if that is a default widget came along with os because those widgets are unrecoverable once deleted . 1 perform a backup of your important data ( remember ' not the settings' ) in the tab to a pc or cloud . 2 then do a " hard reset " of tab . ( every handset has a unique way to do a hard reset . so google it . ) 3 tab will be reset to its initial state of course . 4 restore backup again . -this is bad idea if you have large amounts of important/sensitive data on your tab and also ignore this answer if that is not a default widget-
it is the logo of the video 's uploader . uploaders can choose to display their logo near the beginning or end of the video , to make it easier for you to subscribe to their channel .
the guide is only to install google play and other related and necessary google apps . the installation is such due to licensing issues which prevent cyanogenmode from packaging it in the rom directly . once you go through the install of google apps , you can use google play same way as on any other android device . regarding versions , every cyanogenmod version is based on particular version of android , e.g. : cyanogenmod 11 is based on android 4.4 kitkat cyanogenmod 10.2 is based on android 4.3 jelly bean cyanogenmod 10.1 is based on android 4.2 jelly bean . etc . the play store will treat cyanogenmod versions as android of appropriate version , so you will have no problems regarding that .
there are several ways to address your concerns . first - you should print the emergency codes . google has good directions on how to do so here . ( reproduced here ) sign in to your accounts at https://www.google.com/accounts/smsauthconfig. look for the “printable backup codes” area . click show/generate codes . if you are fine using the current set of backup codes , you can print or download them . if you believe this set of codes might have been stolen or you’ve used many of the backup codes , you can generate a new set by clicking generate new codes . second - even without backup codes , you should have supplied your phone number to google at some point ; this allows for you to have a temporary code sent to you in a text message . as shown in the following image : thirdly - you can disable 2-step verification while wiping your phone , and re-enable it again after completion . ( this requires you to set everything back up ) . google instruction page to disable 2-step verification ( steps reproduced here ) visit the using 2-step verification page under your google account settings . sign in with your username , password , and verification code if prompted . click turn off 2-step verification . a pop-up window will appear to confirm that you want to turn off 2-step verification . click ok .
if you have a custom recovery already , where clockwork mod recovery is the most popular one , there is an option there to do a complete backup , sometimes called a " nandroid " . as long as you have this backup folder lying around ( it will not disappear when doing wipes from cwm ) and you can enter cwm , you can restore that backup as well . since the backup includes everything it also includes things like the kernel , the rom , apps and all that . it basically creates an image of your entire device that you can later return to . the tricky part is getting a custom recovery on your tab , but when you have that you should be reasonably safe as long as you remember to always backup . it does not hurt to put your backups somewhere else as well for safekeeping ( like your computer ) . i highly recommend you start reading the samsung galaxy tab forums on xda-developers . the q and a section probably already has all your questions listed , and the " android development " section has a ton of different roms you can choose from . as long as you have a backup lying around , do not be scared to try a couple of them out : ) ( remember that rooting your device and/or unlocking the bootloader will void the warranty , so if you can not re-lock it before sending it to samsung they will not replace it )
as long as it is the exact same model ( be very careful here , since nexus 5 has gsm and cdma models ) your plan will work . if you are planning to unlock your phone 's bootloader , root it and install a custom recovery and rom , it is easily done with nandroid . on original nexus 5 you run nandroid backup . using adb pull copy the newly created backup directory to your pc ( the path will be different depending on the recovery you are using . ) unlock the bootloader of your new nexus 5 . boot into your new phone and enable usb debugging . now hook it up via usb and accept the authorization prompt . this is a very important step . do not skip this , otherwise adb will refuse to connect to the phone , even in recovery . install same version of custom recovery as you were using on your original nexus 5 . using adb push copy the backup folder you retrieved in step 2 from your pc onto the new phone . on the new phone boot into recovery and run nandroid restore . keep in mind that nandroid does not back up or restore the contents of media storage ( /sdcard ) , so you will need to copy those files manually ( adb pull/push works quite well , or you can use other methods as izzy mentioned in the comments ) . if you cannot ( or do not want to ) unlock the bootloader , you may want to look into using adb backup tool . however , this method also has its down sides ( e . g . sms messages are not backed up or restored , failure to back up some media , etc . )
in fact , one is available from motorola here , posted by reddit user troub ( source ) . it is a .dae file but can be converted using autodesk fbx converter ( see www.cadstudio.cz/download or www.autodesk.com/fbx ) . alternatively , it is posted here on thingiverse as a .stl file .
if you press and hold the folder , one of the home icons will turn into a trash icon . just drag the folder to the trash icon .
a brief post about speeding up a htc hero . are you with sprint by any chance ? this thread and this thread have at least one suggestion : have a look in menu > settings > about phone > system updates > htc software update . apparently there is a . 6 firmware patch . unfortunately , most of the posts are not reassuring . perhaps time to upgrade/change phones ?
i have come up with one potential answer myself : trim solid state disks ( ssds ) and some flash memory require the operating system to perform a kind of housekeeping task to maintain the efficiency of the device . the operating system command trim is explained in this anandtech article : http://www.anandtech.com/show/2738/10 its applicability to certain android devices , including my samsung galaxy nexus and asus nexus 7 is explained in these xda developers threads : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2104326 http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1971852 an xda member wrote an app called lagfix which purports to exercise the trim maintenance function , thus restoring write performance for the device . since i recently performed a complete factory reset , i am no longer having performance problems and thus i can not directly corroborate the purported benefits of lagfix . if i am in a position where performance is suffering , i may do some benchmarking and see if lagfix improves the situation . please be aware if you plan to try lagfix that there are some devices that have chips that do not play nice with this utility . these chips have what is come to be called a brickbug , and if you run lagfix on one of these devices , you will irrevocably brick your device . i highly recommend you follow the advice and read the lagfix faq . it points to a utility which can tell you if your device contains a chip that may suffer from the brickbug . http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=37029420postcount=122
disable syncing in google chrome . remove stored sync data on your google dashboard . enable sync again in google chrome making sure that only the passwords are encrypted . disable and enable sync browser in ics . there is a more detailed howto with photos on my blog if you need it .
usually it is called calendar . ask your provider if it still is not showing on your phone . alternatively , trying seeing if long-pressing an empty area of your screen and then choosing widgets - shows the calendar widget in the list . i am assuming of course , that you have already set up your google account to sync with your device .
this is not possible , since viber needs to be running in order to receive calls which are routed via viber . if you shut down the background process , you can not be reached via viber . the exit button just means it closes the ui , but keeps listening for calls in the background .
at the time i was semi-blindly following another poorly written walkthrough that just had a series of commands without explaining them . now with some knowledge i eventually worked out that it was better to flash the image to the phone . still do not know why it was taking so long though . eventually with flashing to the phone and then the cyanogen mod , i got it all working . now with rommanager on my phone it'll be sooo much easier in future !
to remove it , click on the three vertical dots on the top-right of your screen . then , go to settings . scroll down to " priority senders " and unmark the tick box . hope it helps .
i do not think that there is any standard way in the market for developers to declare what license their app is developed under . a normal text search of the market for " gpl " comes up with hundreds of apps that have specifically put the word gpl in their title or description . other than that an awful lot of the android gpl developers seem to host their code on google code , everything there is open source and there are ways that you can search that by license type , that might well be the closest that you can get ( though you will obviously miss out on developers who host their code elsewhere ) .
yes , it works fine for me without sim-card . i can still use wifi for accessing internet .
the term " brick " usually refers to the stone , which means : " device can only be used as paper-weight " . taken literally , there is no way to " unbrick " . however , you also find terms like " hard-brick " and " soft-brick " used , which makes the term " brick " less absolute : a soft-brick is something you easily can recover from ( count it as a " temporary paper-weight" ) , mostly by software-based solutions ( e . g . re-flash your phone ) -- while a " hard-brick " is rather meant in the way the original term points to . still , technically spoken , even a " hard-bricked " device could be " unbricked " -- but mostly this is more expensive then getting a new device . as for the warranty declaration you quoted : for a normal user , it is almost impossible to ( hard- ) brick his device . even when flashing a custom rom , this can rarely happen , as there are many security-layers involved . almost always you can boot your device into some fall-back mode where it is at least recognized by some " flashing software " , so you could simply flash another/the original firmware back . which means , the risk you are taking is to " soft-brick " your device 1 . a " hard-brick " is quite unlikely with " normal operations " like rooting or flashing custom roms . see also : wikipedia : brick rootzwiki : brick 1 i just learned : " unless you have got a samsung device and used the software recommended by samsung " . so better do not use kies etc . , but rather odin , just to give an example .
i am sure this is fixed in the latest gmail app which you should be able to download from the market . ( this used to bug the hell out of me - sometimes the drop down would work , other times not , completely at random . have not had the issue since the last gmail app update )
the app blacklist plus mentions exactly that as one possible use : there are four block modes of call blocker : blacklist all except the whitelist all except contacts all numbers ( emphasis mine ) . there are plenty other similar apps available , just search for " blacklist " or " call blocker " on the playstore .
in my experience , yes . i tried without wiping and cm7 failed to boot .
before you do anything - make a nandroid backup using clockworkmod recovery or any other recovery tool that you may have . this is really important as it means that anything you can can be undone if needed . that said - i believe you can delete these files . i have not removed files from /data/data/ manually before , but to the best of my knowledge it will not have any bad side effects . i recommend you try just renaming that folder to something else to start off with and run your phone for a while to see if anything bad happens , if not then you are good to just remove it .
here is some performance tips : have plenty of extra space in the internal memory . the phone uses the internal memory to store apks and caches , if you have very little internal memory , it might make it difficult for the phone to find contiguous area large enough to store and load the cache . while flash-based storage are not as badly affected by fragmentation as disk-based storage , there will still be a major performance hit if the apks or cache file is fragmented into 1000 pieces . you should not need to clear caches . the caches are needed for the best performance of the phone . if you clear caches , and you have performance improvement , that is just because you have made an extra space and that makes it easier for new programs to create and load their caches . while you might be happy with this , it is only a temporary fix until the program rebuilds the cache and it becomes sluggish again . best way to resolve this situation is to keep an amount of empty space ( about 10-30% of the internal memory , the optimal figure depends on the size of your internal memory ) , do not install too many programs and uninstall programs you do not use ; this way you prevent program you do not use to build caches you do not use . prefer small programs , which generally produces smaller caches . avoid app2sd for applications you frequently use , unless you have class 6 or higher sd card . put only big applications that you do not use frequently on sd card ( e . g . games ) ; homescreen , keyboard , and widgets should be in the internal memory for best performance ( android prevents you from installing them on sd card , but it is not impossible to force move them to sd ) . avoid program that have background services and avoid home screen widgets . while there are valid reasons for programs to spawn background service ( e . g . music player , im , etc ) and while some home screen widgets are very useful ; they can degrade performance if you have too many of them . background service and home screen widgets will eat up rams that the os cannot reclaim as easily as sleeping applications . android usually will reclaim memory from unused applications first , but only in very dire circumstances that it kills background services and home screen . this is not an outright ban on background services and home screen widgets ; just to be a bit conservative in the use of widgets since no os in the world can smoothly run more programs than it was designed to handle .
their website does not say that you need to be rooted to use it . just need a nzb file and a usenet account .
tethering an ios device to an android device will cause a wormhole to open and suck them both in . i do not recommend it . the non-sarcastic response to bt tethering on honeycomb
i had the same problem with google music . if you move the music slider to a different position , it will output sound on both sides , but the bug appears again once it changes track . i believe this is a bug on cyanogenmod 10.1 rc1 . i just updated to rc4 and the bug seems fixed . yay !
specify ssid in the wifi connected context to be ABC/XYZ this will activate the context if you connect to abc or xyz , reference : http://tasker.dinglisch.net/userguide/en/matching.html
assuming you are using the gmail app , simply start a new message , then choose Menu | Attach and select what you want to attach . you will need to repeat for each file , but you can certainly add more than one .
these files are all system images for the android emulator . that is , they contain the filesystems for the emulated android phone inside the emulator . the ones that are in sdk directories can be removed from the android sdk manager and reinstalled any time you want . the ones in your user directory were generated by running the emulator : they contain the files and data you have created in the emulator . only you know whether they contain any important data . if your emulated android system does not have any data you want to save , you can delete them . make sure to remove the corresponding avd entries that use them from the avd manager , as the avd will not be able to boot once you have removed its files : you will have to start a new avd from scratch . btw , it is not necessary to download a fresh android sdk each time you install an ide . just tell the ide the path where you installed the android sdk . rather than just worrying about the large files , it'll be better to completely remove the copies of the sdk you are not using .
the best thing for this is going to be tasker . best three bucks you will ever spend on an android phone .
now with your latest details , a raw approach . as you are on a stock rom , switching gps might not work out-of-the-box . in case it does not work , take a look at the secure settings plugin , which should be able to help out . i assume your raw concept is : 8am to 5pm is work time , and you want different settings during work hours and after leaving work , considering eventual late-work issues . so this should preferably turn out as a single profile : at work do . . . and after work switch to . . . . so here 's what shoud basically work : profile " work": condition : time from 8am till 5pm task : audio -> silent mode : on exit task : misc -> gps : on ( might need to be replaced by secure settings , see above ) now we enter a second profile , and you probably do not even need gps : profile : " afterwork": condition : state -> tasker -> profile active : " work " [ x ] invert state -> phone -> cell near : ( scan your work cells ) [ x ] invert task : audio -> silent mode : off so you see you neither need gps nor the 15min wait loop . at 8am the " work " profile gets active , and switches your phone to silent mode . as you do not really need gps , you can define some dummy exit task here ( e . g . again switching silent mode on ) , as otherwise tasker would automatically revert to the " before " mode . the second profile does not even check conditions before " work " has completed , as tasker remembers which profiles are active . after that , it starts monitoring the surrounding mobile cells -- which are either known by the phone as needed for telephony . if none of the surrounding cells match any of the scanned cells , the attached task is executed and silent mode turned off . but why so complicated ? much easier done like this : profile " work": condition : cell near ( scan your work place mobile cells ) task : audio -> silent mode : on done . no matter what time you are at work , your phone will be silent . and no matter whether you leave work early or late , silent mode will be switched off .
official gmail app uses accounts , provided by android , so it is impossible . only if you will use some patched version , what will use private accounts , it possible .
generally speaking , no , clockworkmod ( and other custom recoveries ) do not backup your bootloader . you can physically look at your backup directory to verify this , but i have never seen a custom recovery that included a bootloader in the backups . what you typically get is : boot partition system partition data partition ( also /sdcard/.android_secure depending on the recovery/version ) sdext ( if you have it ) wimax partition ( if you have it ) the general rule is to make sure you have the correct hboot version before you restore a nandroid backup , and you had have to flash it separately .
if your android is not root , you can try another pc program called backuptans android sms + mms transfer . connected your phone to computer via usb or wifi and then click the backup button to save messages on computer . and yes , mms restoring from computer to android is supported . tested with my galaxy s3 . ps : it also can work for an android phone with broken screen . just make sure your have enabled usb debugging on device first .
one part of google maps is a so called " location service " , which kicks in on a couple of intents ( e . g . always when your network connectivity changes -- which happens when you login to a new wifi network , or to a new cell tower ) . it caches your current location to the " location cache " , which should serve to faster provide your current location when needed ( and to update google 's location database , as the cache is contents are submitted in intervals ) . without being rooted , there is not much you can do about . but if your device is rooted , you have several options : use an app like autorun manager pro ( yes , here you need the " pro" ) to disable the listeners which cause it to kick-in 1 use titanium backup ★ root to freeze the app when you do not need it , and un-freeze it on demand 2 which method to prefer ? i personally would go for the second . titanium backup lets you create a widget on your desktop to toggle the " frozen state " of an app , so you can easily switch it on/off . disabling some listeners might work well -- but the app also might start behaving strangely .
this feature is not available as of now . but you should frequently check the google now app page for such updates . this feature is available on siri though , but that is probably irrelevant right now . in the meantime , you can still get turn by turn navigation to take you home by saying " directions to home " . it would be a good app feature though .
the term " bluetooth headset " is very broad . different headsets support different bluetooth profiles . the most common profile is hsp ( used mainly for phone calls ) , which seems to be independent of the headphones jack you are referring to . so pairing your android device with a cheap headset that supports hsp only ( e . g . plantronics 242 ) will not affect audio routing to the headphones jack at all . your bluetooth headset and your android device will continue to operate in parallel , but each handling a different audio stream ( channel ) . if you are looking to disable the microphone only in your android phone , it seems that only a headset with an a2dp profile could be a possible solution . you may want to read at the following thread : sending bluetooth audio from the stereo ( a2dp ) to headset ( hsp ) profile
from wikipedia : 720p is the shorthand name for a category of hdtv video modes having a resolution of 1280×720 ( for a total of 0.92 megapixels or 921,600 pixels ) and a progressive scan . the number 720 stands for the 720 horizontal scan lines of display resolution ( also known as 720 pixels of vertical resolution ) , while the letter p stands for progressive scan or non-interlaced . when broadcast at 60 frames per second , 720p features the highest temporal ( motion ) resolution possible under the atsc and dvb standards . the samsung galaxy s is capable of recording 720p video from it is rear-facing camera . the nexus s is not ( max resolution of 720x480 ) .
that is not duplicates . if you are the " device owner " , /storage/emulated/0/ is your storage area ( where your files etc . reside ) . /storage/emulated/legacy/ is a symbolic link , always pointing to the logged-in user 's storage . that is , if you are the device owner , and you are logged in , both locations are identical . if some apps show the contained files as " dupes " , they obviously have problems interpreting symlinks . while for the gallery , this sounds pretty strange ( if we are talking about the stock gallery , and not a 3 rd party app ) : the very same android developers who designed the multi-user capabilities should have been aware of that . still , this is not the first time i heard about it . i cannot find the other issue currently , but a solution is as follows : go to settings&rarr ; apps&rarr ; manage apps , and scroll to the gallery app . open its entry , tap " clear cache " and " delete data " . tap the back key , and repeat the same for the " media storage " app . do not be afraid about losing data : the media scanner will re-collect them at its next run . you can trigger the scan by either . . . powering off/on the device ( bah ! ) going to settings&rarr ; storage and safely remove the sdcard , then mount it again ( ok for one-time use : ) using a helper app like e.g. sdrescan or rescan sd card ! ( if you need it more often ) once the media scanner is finished , all your media should re-appear in the gallery app . hopefully without the " dupes " : )
go to my apps in google play browse all the apps note : made as answer as requested
there should be a " downloads " app in your app drawer . open it to view your downloads . previous versions of android ( up to gingerbread , afaik , possibly honeycomb ) had a " downloads " option in the browser itself under Menu-&gt;More-&gt;Downloads , but it is possible this no longer exists on ics . alternatively , if you have a file manager they should be in /sdcard/download , i believe ( on ics this actually appears to have changed to /sdcard/Download with a capital ' d' ) . it can vary by device a bit , but generally it should be /&lt;whatever_your_"sdcard"_path_is&gt;/download .
provided you have physical access to the device , you can manually install your app by doing the following : install android sdk tools from this page ( download for other platforms → sdk tools only . ) install usb drivers for the phone ( usually from manufacturer 's site . ) turn on usb debugging on the phone ( in settings → developer options ) connect the phone via usb ( you can also do this over wi-fi with a number of apps if the phone is rooted . ) open command prompt or terminal and navigate to the " platform-tools " sub-directory of where you installed the sdk tools . issue the following command : adb install path_to_apk\your_app.apk keep in mind though that you are still essentially " letting them have " the apk , since the installation simply copies the apk file to the appropriate directory on the phone ( usually /data/app or /data/app-private ) and registers it with android 's package manager . a knowledgeable enough user can still retrieve the apk .
tasker . this is by far the best automated task scheduler available for android . it does come at a hefty price ( $6.50 us ) , but it is well worth the price .
fota - firmware over-the-air this is the update sent to the os via your service provider ( for 3g/gprs/edge . . ) or wifi . it will download an image of the new firmware from the server and install it after you accept .
first of all , since you have modified the system , the ota update could very well fail partway through -- most of those are distributed as patches against the existing binaries . the easy way to update is to find a pre-rooted stock rom , like this one . you may need to update your radio first though , information and download links are available here . i think the one you have was the official froyo radio -- you will need the gingerbread radio for newer roms to work properly . 2.15.10.07.07 is the official gingerbread radio . however , if you want to go the hard way , keeping root ( or at least the ability to re-root easily ) is easy provided your incredible is nand unlocked ( aka s-off ) . recent versions of unrevoked do this automatically , but depending on where you downloaded from and when could affect that . to check if you are s-off , reboot into the bootloader ( aka hboot ) . to do that , power off the phone , then hold down the volume down button and power it up . keep the vol dn button held until you get a screen like the following : you can also see the notification that it has s-off at the top of the screen . that is what you want to see . if that is missing ( or says s-on ) , then you do not have s-off . if you are not , get the latest unrevoked forever . once that is done , you can flash whatever you want and still be able to reroot easily by simply flashing your recovery of choice ( often clockworkmod ) from hboot and then reflashing a root/superuser package from recovery .
1 ) no there is currently no way to sort them . as you have noticed you can hide them and give them different names but not remove them . from my experience they disappear after 9 months without checking in to the play store , so simply hide any that you do not want to see . 2 ) again i do not think this is possible at the moment via the play store .
looks like the external keyboard helper app lets me switch layouts of an external usb keyboard on my nexus 7 , no root access needed .
simply put , fastboot oem lock puts your bootloader into a mode that prevents you from overwriting your recovery image , without a subsequent fastboot oem unlock . this serves as a security precaution , primarily where the default recovery and firmware is installed . because : the default recovery will only allow manufacturer/google signed firmware to be installed and does not allow you to do much of anything else . unlocking the bootloader will erase all data . . . . . you can rest assured that , under this configuration , no one can take your phone and , say , bypass a screen lock by installing a custom firmware where the security considerations are different . note that as this merely locks in your recovery , and then again only from bootloader-overwrites , this is most useful where the recovery is stock , and the installed rom is an official one that has no security vulnerabilities . this is important because in most recoveries , and in some roms , there are ways to clandestinely access data via usb , bypass security settings with fixed button presses or unpatched backdoors , or install custom recoveries .
problem solved , and i think i am finally getting a handle on all of this after several hours of some serious digging through the interwebz , and a bit of trial and error . so here is what i ended up doing , step by step : locate a stock rom as suggested by matthew read and user12295 . this was possibly the hardest part as there were so many dead links out there , and i ended up using a link i found to the shipped roms website . i elected to download the file labelled RUU_Ace_Gingerbread_S_HTC_WWE_2.50.405.2_Radio_12.54.60.25_26.09.04.11_M2_release_199042_signed.exe . fully charged the battery on the phone . located the original htc cable in a fit of paranoia and connect my phone to my laptop using a usb2.0 port . for some weird reason the usb3.0 on my particular laptop would not let me connect the phone during the flashing process the first time i tried to do this . ran the ruu utility that i had downloaded , crossed my fingers , and waited for the phone to be wiped and flashed after navigating the various screens of the ruu . saw my phone go through a reboot at the end of the process . . . and all connectivity was working with full networking/identity data restored . so it turns out that the imei number is flashed to a different bit of the phone 's internal memory , and the stock flash somehow picks this up . so all systems go , but i miss many of the features of the phone , including the better battery life that i had under a better rom and because a couple of my own experimental apps will no longer work . all of a sudden i wish i would downloaded the 1.72 version of the ruu as it seems i need to go through a downgrade process in order to root the phone and get a custom rom reinstalled . after a bit more interwebz digging , i came across an application called ultimate multi tool , and i worked through the following procedure : connected phone to laptop ( as per earlier process ) set phone to charge only on the phone , enabled settings -> applications -> unknown sources on the phone , enabled settings -> applications -> development -> usb debugging ran the ultimate multi tool operations -> temproot operations -> gold card . clicked on the cid button to get the id for my sd-card . clicked on the " free htc goldcard generator " link and filled out the form on the screen to generate a goldcard image . clicked on the load goldcard . img button and located the goldcard . img file clicked on the create goldcard button . operations -> downgrade . i needed to locate a file called pd98img . zip before i could begin the downgrade process . the downgrade process was very slow . took about 30 minutes for me , but your time may vary . as an afterthought , simply applying an earlier ruu may have been a better approach , but i thought i should document exactly what i did . phone rebooted into hboot menu , and i simply followed instructions on pc and phone screens . waited for downgrade to complete and rebooted phone . repeat steps 2 , 3 , 4 , and 5 used on screen buttons to push visionary+ and superuser to the phone . on the phone , ran visionary+ checked the set system r/w after root checkbox selected temproot now after process finished , selected permroot now superuser asks for permissions , so pressed the allow button phone reboots set phone to charge only once it had finished rebooting completely back to ultimate multi tool , and selected file -> check s-off/cid/sim superuser asks for permissions , so pressed the allow button tool now reports back that the cid is a whole bunch of 1 's , phone is s-off , and sim unlocked . :- )
i do not have your phone model on hand to try , but you can give this link a shot . generally , just go to settings > security > check make passwords visible . this is true for my phone ( htc desire , bcm 4.0.4 ) . hope it works for you .
you may want to try 3rd-party keyboard apps that support transliteration of physical keyboards . i have previously used anysoftkeyboard , and with the appropriate language pack ( e . g . french with has the azerty layout ) it will transliterate physical keyboard as well .
the instructions i have followed in the link above do the job . the solution to my two problems listed above was : replace this micro/mini usb to usb adapter http://www.bestbuy.com/site/rocketfish%26%23153%3b+-+1.5%27+usb+cable/1000247.p?id=1218207305639skuid=1000247st=rf-cc1mccp=1lp=1 . . . with this one : http://www.bestbuy.com/site/rocketfish%26%23153%3b+mobile+-+micro+usb+data+transfer+cable/2077196.p?id=1218308698225skuid=2077196st=rocketfish%20micro%20usb%20cp=1lp=3 it sounds weird but trust me do not get micro usb to usb adapter from the first link . you will not be able to access the kindle fire as a storage device , guaranteed .
from what i have read , the only photos that are backed up are those in the folder named " dcim/camera " , which should include photos from your camera . if you move other photos there ( e . g . downloaded , etc . ) , they should be backed up .
apparently , this is also an animation issue . according to an answer for my dialer app , setting the animation to . 5x fixes a lot of spacing/hiding issues on the phone . to fix it , do the following : go to Settings &gt; Developer Options change Animator Duration Scale to 0.5x many props to abid rahman k for figuring it out !
this happens when you use link2sd or apps2sd and move either the swype app or the swype installer app to your sd card . to fix it , move the installer and swype back to the phone and reboot . i found some of this information on http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1042241 the rest i figured out by trying things .
android currently does not support usb audio paths . you can use usb audio if you have a nexus 5 with android l preview . otherwise you are out of luck .
as stated in the comments under the question , opera mobile acts in a much more sensible manner , creating a new tab for each link clicked . https://market.android.com/details?id=com.opera.browser
the galaxy s plus i9001 looks like the i9000 however it has completely different internals : side by side comparison at gsmarena . com different cpu ( 1.4ghz qualcomm snapdragon vs . 1ghz samsung hummingbird ) different gpu ( adreno vs powervr ) different baseband modules ( the i9001 has faster hsdpa ) better battery , less internal space ( 512mb vs 2gb for the i9000 ) most importantly , the i9000 is well supported while the i9001 's community support is rather poor . there is no official cm port for it . see the i9001 's forum at xda-developers.com. regarding the approaches : yes , you can use the same tools and your knowledge for the i9000 . just not the same rom downloads .
short and put in lay terms : there is no standard defined on how to pass this information between apps , so there are no two apps who can interact the way you want . longer and with some more detailed information : the app-selection menu for e.g. a browser or a homescreen only appears when multiple apps announce their being-available for a certain service , and only when this service is called ( to put it in easy words ; the longer and more technical variant talks about intents and listerners ) . while web-browsers and homescreens are somehow " generic services " existing on all android devices , there are standard " intents " defined ( see e.g. this question on stackoverflow for opening a page in a browser -- or this question here which probably explains it even better ) . as long as there is no corresponding intent ( with a defined api for how to pass it the specific chapter:verse to show ) , your wish can not be fulfilled . moreover , application developers must implement this into their apps before you can use it . as to my knowledge neither such api exists nor is it implemented -- there cannot exist any programs acting according to your wishes ( except , of course , both are from the same developer ; if two or more agreed on terms of how to handle this , that already would mean defining an api ) .
go to https://play.google.com/store/account , with a regular desktop . then click on the tab ' orders ' , you shall find there all the apps you downloaded via google play . after clicking Install or Installed button , you will get pop-up having device list . if app is already installed in a device with linked status , device would be inactive to send install signal . it can be used as identifier .
using a free service like android lost , you can remotely control your phone from a web browser . you can wipe it , locate it on a map , read sms'es , take a picture remotely etc . . . to ease your concerns regarding security . while not directly an answer to your question , it might be a viable solution . not storing your google credentials on your android smartphone and accessing google services through the mobile web brower is not only very impractical , but also sort of defeats the purpose of a modern smartphone does not it ?
i have done some research and it seems to be an oddity of the tablet . when you do ' move to sd ' whats happening is its moving data to another part of the -internal- sdcard . you can not move apps to the external one e.g. http://yatse.leetzone.org/redmine/boards/2/topics/259#.utfgxxyen8e thanks anyway
your question is bit unclear to me . still i am trying to answer . almost all the android phones these days ( including galaxy nexus - gnex ) have a micro-usb charging and data-syncing port . so they can be connected to your computer using a micro-usb to standard usb cable . like most other phones , gnex also comes with a micro-usb to standard usb cable and a wall charger . you can use wall power or your computer to charge your phone . and if you want to see exactly what charger comes with the gnex , checkout any of the tonnes of unboxing videos avaliable on youtube !
go to settings > wireless and networks > wi-fi settings press menu and choose advanced . click wi-fi sleep policy and make sure never is selected . this might help your wifi connection remain connected . these are available on my samsung spica running v2.1 ( eclair ) .
ftpserver is very good , swiftp is another option . i believe they are both in the market .
the xda wiki entry of the nexus 7 only mentions two models : wifi model : me370t cellular model : me370tg so if you have a functional sim card slot then you have the cellular model , otherwise the wifi-only one .
there is work in progress to add support for tasks in caldav-sync . check this out : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z3ijc6icbiq
go to settings-> applications-> all , then long press menu button , type launcher , press on the result , then press ' force stop ' . it will automatically restart , and you will get your folder back
i installed vlingo and i switched over to that as the input method and i no longer have the above issues .
for some reason this just worked itself out . one day i did " update phonebook " in the bluetooth menu , and then everyone showed up . before that , i thought i was going to have to remove my wife , brother , mom , etc , from favorites to get them to show up in the car 's bluetooth menu . so , if this happens to you , try " update phonebook " in your vw/audi bluetooth menu .
i have found the solution some time ago . the app external keyboard helper pro makes it work correctly .
you need to create a port forwarding to your android device . this can be done with adb . for example : run adb forward tcp:12345 tcp:23456 and then use the uri http://localhost:12345 to access the server running on port 23456 in the emulator . note that some ports are reserved for android and some can only be used after rooting , so i would suggest using high ports ( > 20000 ) if you can .
possible options , though not ideal ones : flash a custom rom that uses the vanilla contacts app export your contacts from google and import them manually ( shut off sync )
if there is a ics rom available for the droid x , it should run on a device with 512mb . the minimum requirements for ics specified by cyanogenmod team is 256mb and a " decent gpu " . i am not sure what kind of gpu the droid x has , but you will probably have a better experience with gingerbread then ics on that device if the gpu is not that great . my brother had that device and complained constantly about lag and lock up . if you have the " stock " motoblur , you will probably have a better experience just by installing any aosp based rom . you can expect the footprint to be about the same , maybe a bit less , then what you see now . this is because the android os will always try to use as much memory as possible in order to try and keep your experience better . if the application is in memory you can switch back to it faster then if it has to reload the entire application , plus it can " remember where you were " . as a side note , i do not currently see any cyanogenmod 9 builds available on the cm forums for the droid x , but that does not mean that there are not any , i just do not see them .
no , the droidx can not run custom kernels . " it is still impossible to flash custom kernels on the droid x , but the rom developer community has matured to a point where they’re able to make great things happen on this phone without having to rely on changes to the kernel . "
basically you have to compile android for that device with its drivers . example of compilation process . an older example from the official dev site for building 1.6 for the g1 . devices like the n1 and g1 ( dev phones ) let you easily put these images on your phone after compilation , because that is what they were made for ( unlockable and hackable ) . i believe their drivers are in the official android source ( i could be wrong , but they are easily available ) . all other devices do not come unlocked , so first you have to unlock ( root ) your phone to be able to write anything else to it . i have never compiled android or a rom , so i can not give you much more details than this . essentially there are proprietary binaries ( the drivers ) that are also needed for each specific android phone in order to get it to run on that device . so you either have to get those drivers from the vendor or write them yourself .
you might want to take a look at scriptmanager : manage and execute shell scripts and programs in file system . all executions run over vt100 terminal accepting user input and esc codes ( colors , bel , cursor movement . . ) run them at boot-up and/or on network status change possibility . schedule at selected time . ( cron jobs ) alternatively , tasker can be used as well to execute scripts ( and other tasks ) at certain events – as , e.g. , on boot .
i am afraid you delete the whole system on your device , so that there is currently no rom to boot . what you can do now is to flash a rom . if you have an external sd card slot , then push your rom files and g-apps onto it and insert the card and flash via recovery . if your device does not have an external sd card slot or you do not have one , you have to flash the rom via adb . here 's a link to that : xda-wiki i hope i understood you correctly and that it helps
i found the solution on another blog , seems to be working . http://forums.androidcentral.com/samsung-galaxy-s4/334381-touchwiz-wont-stay-default-launcher.html
the “micro-usb” headphone used by lg gs155 is not really an usb device — it just uses the usb connector for the same analog audio signals as in usual 3.5 or 2.5 mm round connectors . look at the microusb to 3.5 or 2.5 jack headset pinout . in order to work with such headsets , the phone needs to have the appropriate hardware to detect the type of connected device and switch functions of usb port pins from usb to analog audio . it is highly unlikely that the phone will have such hardware if it also has a standard 3.5 or 2.5 mm audio connector . even older htc phones using the proprietary “extusb” connector compatible with mini-usb did not switch pin functions when a headset is connected — they used separate pins for audio . the only way to connect this headphone to your new phone is to build an adapter with a 3.5 mm plug and a micro-usb type b receptacle connector , so that the headphone will be connected to the audio circuit through the 3.5 mm audio connector on the phone .
the wikipedia page on loop devices explains this pretty well . it is basically a " pseudo-device " ( i.e. . a device which does not exist physically ) that allows a file to be treated as a block device ( for example , a hard drive ) . you need support for it because the ubuntu system is stored as a . img file , which is essentially created to be a file representation of a filesystem or disk partition . by mounting it on a loop device you can access the file as though it really was a whole filesystem , thus creating a sort of " virtual " partition ( or disk ) for ubuntu to live on .
what version of android are you using ? if it is 4.0 and up then you can install the default keyboard from google from here : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.inputmethod.latin
this answer is based on comments from niall c . there are 5 phases in the process : select each contact , and then link them when relevant . the goal is to have 1 friend = 1 contact . export the list ( contact > menu > more > import export > to sd card ) , it will work even if you do not have any sd card . transfer the file to a computer ( the file is quite light , even with gpg keys and user pics ) open gmail , backup your contact by exporting them import the vcf file and that is all ! your contacts in gmail have now phone numbers ! do not worry , gmail merge contacts becase their email adress is already known . source : stackexchange-url
okay , so firstly i will help removing that ok google funcationality from the home screen : 1 . go to google now > tap settings > voice > " ok google " hotword detection > here you will see an option to disable ok google on home screen . now for the search bar , if you are running slimkat , then you are probably on one of the two custom launchers pre-installed in slimkat , so go to their settings , either by long holding on homecreen , or you can go to settings > home > here you will see the launchers installed , and mostly there is a settings/options key beside them , tap on that or if settings key is not there try tapping on the launcher name ( it should take you to settings ) . once in launcher settings , you should go to homescreen specific settings and disable search bar from there . get back to me if any of the above mentioned things do not work .
try uninstalling and re-installing it . clear the app data . might be a bug with the custom rom ( ignore if on stock ) . as for why it is happening , could be a faulty installation imo , but if the package was faulty , it would not get installed in the first place . anyhow , just try the above steps .
you can use an app like app backup and restore . it allows you to select which apps you want to backup and it copies them to your sd card .
as you mention go launcher ex as your target launcher , you are lucky : there is a complete description on how to migrate your screens , which you can find at addictivetips . basically , this involves an app called desk migrate , which claims to copy home screens from one launcher to another launcher . according to the linked article , it seems do do a nice job . just one thing to keep in mind : desk migrate has been developed to work only with go launcher ex and supports copying from only a handful of launchers . ok , another lucky point for you : looks like adw . launcher was one of the 7 launchers the addictives successfully tested to migrate from -- lucky you !
use llama . this is a free automation app like tasker , and it has the ability to modify the screen timeout . create a new event . add the condition OR (match any) . then add a condition for each Active application that you want to keep the screen active . click the back button , then add the action to change the Screen Timeout to never . you then have to create a second event that does the opposite . you create the OR (match any) condition , but this time select Active application and change the status option to App stopped or in background , and again do this for each app you did in the first event . set the Screen Timeout action to whatever timeout value you want normally .
yes there is : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.into.stability but if you do not have root , then it is a bit limited in features .
my advice , backup /data/ and sdcard ( not external ) , use ota root keeper , do a factory reset , and restore data and the root . instead of rk , try first framaroot .
yes . this is possible use 1-vpn app which lets you do this . but , it is not compatible with android 4.0+ , and you have to pay for it ( only a $0.90 ) . if the payment is worth the burden you go through every time you connect , that is your best option . alternatively you can use 5-vpn which is free and requires you to go through 5 taps to connect . your last alternative is vpn show which is only capable of taking you to your vpn settings screen .
i believe my phone vibrates when it is done charging , but i have never seen a setting for it . i am certain you could set up a profile with locale to notify when charging is done .
in fact it is easy to do using a file explorer application . i used ES File Explorer but i suspect other programs have the same feature . using ES File Explorer , you have to navigate to the file , then do a long click on the file icon until a menu appears . then you choose Shortcut . nothing shows the operation works but a new icon will be present in the launcher .
try the app stayawake , it should work for galaxy s ii too .
documents to go is a very good app . it provides the formatting requirements you wanted and supports creating and reading microsoft office documents as well as google docs . it supports word , excel and powerpoint . it can be found on the android market https://market.android.com/details?id=com.dataviz.docstogoappfeature=search_result there is a free version but i believe this only let 's you view not create or edit documents
there are some apps who have this feature , like switch off , reboot and etc . one of them is notification toggler , this app isnt particularly for switch off and reboot stuff , but you can do that also . : ) edit:: i think you have to root your device to use reboot and shutdown , you can not do it without root unless applications are signed with the system firmware key . and playstore applications are not that kind of applications that are signed with that . edit 2: to root your device , check out these links , link 1 link 2 link 3
there are two types of protection offered by the android market . the original copy protection is now deprecated and is apparently fairly easily circumvented . google now recommends that developers implement its licensing service , which requires a bit of effort on the part of the developer . it requires internet connectivity and checks whether the google account being used on the device has legitimately purchased the app . how often the app goes online to check the licence is up to the developer .
i think you have misunderstood what vibration mode is . the sound control has three settings:- sound on : the phone will ring and vibrate normally . you can turn vibration on or off for each notification individually in that app 's settings . vibrate : the phone will still vibrate , but not make noise . in this state , any notification that would make a sound will vibrate instead . if the notification would have vibrated , it still does . silent : notifications and incoming calls will not cause vibration or noise . any notifications which have vibration enabled by the app will vibrate in either sound on or vibration mode : only silent mode will disable vibration . also , if vibrate when ringing is turned on in settings → sound , then incoming calls will make the phone vibrate in sound on mode as well as in vibration mode .
as a telecom engineer student , i know that one of the main limitation for power is the eirp ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/equivalent_isotropically_radiated_power ) . overpassing the eirp is one of the must known way to increase wifi router power ( by adding a better antenna , which leads to an increase in gain , and in power rx/tx ) . this power is perhaps fixed by the software in android handsets , and you could use this parameter to leverage the emission power . but , as far as i know it is illegal ( at least in france ) .
twonky media , who make the very good twonky dlna server for pcs , have released a twonky server app for android , this should allow you to share content ( videos , music , pictures ) that are stored on your phone to network attached dlna compatible devices on your network ( eg windows media player on windows 7 , xbox 360 , ps3 , specialised set-top boxes , some new tvs ) . also , i do not know if it is carrier specific but my samsung galaxy s came with the allshare app ( which i have not used yet ) that claims to be a dlna server and client . can not find it in the market , so i assume its samsung only .
check in settings > accessibility and see if theres an option for the power button to end the call . if there is make sure it is unchecked .
i asked this question to a friend and he suggested the audiomanager widget . it allows you to control volumes for alarm , media , alerts , ringer , system , and voice calls independently . it also allows you to toggle vibrate for alerts and ringer independently . so far , it seems to be a solid app .
at first , there is a current hardbrick warning and a tool to diagnose this for the galaxy note ( and other samsung devices ) . here 's the galaxy note n7000 cm9 team 's current issue list , it does not mention missing s-pen functionality ( unlike an experimental build #1 ) so i guess it is fixed . the cm9 alpha for n7000 announcement on xda also mentions s-pen beeing worked on . and finally , here 's the cm9 builds for n7000 and a full update guide .
i assume this was just a bug ; this option re-appeared in the " advanced " wi-fi settings after one of the ota updates .
according to this it runs the first time you boot up ( cyanogenmod ? ) and prompts you for what google apps to install .
download the app called rescan media from the market , run it then go back to your music player . the music that you downloaded from dropbox should now show up . there are other ways to force this media sync ( unmount / remount sd should do it ) but this app makes it just the press of a button .
stock android widgets are not re-sizable ( although this is supposedly a feature that will be coming soon ) . if you can re-size some of them one of two things is going on : either the developer of the widget made it that way , or samsung implemented this ability to work for some widgets . in the case of the latter they probably had to set it up specifically for the widgets that do it , so it is unlikely that any you find on the market are going to be re-sizable via touchwiz . however , you do have another option . launcher pro is a homescreen replacement app on the market ; the paid version ( yes the free version is misleadingly called launcher pro ) offers resizing widgets as one of the added features . to my knowledge that would work for any widget regardless of how the developer made it . so if you are willing to put a couple bucks into it , you can re-size any widget that you want .
no . only skype or other voip options . it does not have a gsm module on it , it just has a small chip for data transfers .
kies via wifi ( a stock rom app ) connects your phone to the kies software on your computer via wifi . i am on cm10.1 , which does not have kies via wifi . but , there is probably a setting in the kies via wifi app that lets you disable the auto-connect function .
the error seems like something regular . a google search reveals many places it is mentioned ( with a logcat ) , but almost nowhere it is commented on -- except for galaxy w constant error in logcat ( xda ) . a shame they removed the wakelock stats from *#*#4636#*#* service menu ( which would have offered you a quick way to check ) with gingerbread and up . you might want to look for some monitor app on the market ( there is e.g. systempanel which might prove helpful ) to figure out what keeps your device awake . in case this app does not provide the required information ( i already mentioned wakelocks being the most probable cause ) , there is another useful app : betterbatterystats ( also mentioned in the xda-link ) seems to bring back wake-lock stats . as a short and eased-up explanation : an app might request the cpu not going to sleep , but still not actually use the cpu , though - the android powermanager api provides an interface for this ) . so betterbatterystats should help you find the responsible app : for reference , here 's the link to the betterbatterystats thread on xda , including the app ( and its changelog ) as well as some closer explanation , especially on wake-locks .
do you want to just install the specific version of the application you have in your old phone ? if so , a ) run an application like titanium backup on the rooted phone b ) backup the app c ) find the . apk in the backup folder d ) transfer the . apk to your new phone e ) run the . apk to install the application on the new phone . i believe some phones do not do it out-of-the-box and you might have to download some kind of app ( search for " apk install" ) to do it . try without an app first , though . in case you also want your data to be transferred along with the app , i am not sure whether tibu can do this for non-rooted phones . someone else will be better suited to answer .
see here : http://rootmydroid.co.uk/guides/hero/howto-root-your-htc-hero/ like you , i got fed up with waiting for ota upgrade from orange . using villainrom 12 , which is brilliant . no regrets !
by installing androzip my problem is getting resolved : )
activating the 2g only option solved the issue , indicating a problem with the connection , as mentioned in the comments . another thing that solved it ( temporarily , until i install more apps i guess ) was reinstalling the os . i only installed few apps and the minimal pa gapps package ( contains only some indispensable apps by google ) , which presumably reduced the amount of background data send . overall battery consumption with 3g enabled is way lower than with only 2g before . i have also updated the radio firmware , though i can not confirm if it had any effect . it still seems to switch a lot between e , 3g , h and h+ but without any actual data traffic there is no noticeable impact on battery life . another suggestion i have found online somewhere is to use an app that switches to 3g only when particular apps like the browser is used and switches back to 2g otherwise .
what needs to be done is to bundle the boot . img and construct a new zip file suitable for flashing via clockworkmod or twrp . pre-requisites : a linux environment that has the usual development packages , such as java installed . ( it can also apply to other platforms , just be careful that the instructions here indicating the path used below , uses a forward slash / , so flip that around to be a back slash \ for windows environment especially ! ) adb command line tool installed . `testsign . jar ' tool , for signing the zip file so that the recovery can authenticate and verify it is a valid archive otherwise recovery will report corrupt archive or similar . update-binary command line application , that is internal for usage with the flashable script . ( this can be found with any flashable zip , the important thing is to extract that binary and deposited in the structure of the directory as shown ) zip command line tool . assuming your directory is called workdir , for discussion , lets call this the working directory , copy the boot.img into that directory , and create the following directory structure - META-INF/com/google/android , this is important ! and within the META-INF/com/google/android , copy the binary application called update-binary into that directory . so the directory structure should be like this : as for the updater-script , copy the contents of the following below : remember : do not get confused here , the updater-script as shown , should be left alone and as-is , so do not try flip the forward-slash to a back slash if doing this under windows environment . go back to the parent of the directory structure , i.e. outside of workdir and do the following , we are going to create a zip file from this : zip -r my_custom_flashable_boot_unsigned.zip workdir/ which is a recursive function , this will zip up everything into the file called my_custom_flashable_boot_unsigned . zip . finally , to sign the zip file , issue this : java -classpath testsign.jar testsign my_custom_flashable_boot_unsigned.zip my_custom_flashable_boot_signed.zip  then its a matter of pushing that across the sdcard as in adb push my_custom_flashable_boot_signed.zip /sdcard/ and manually go into recovery and specify that zip archive ( i.e. . my_custom_flashable_boot_signed . zip ) in which it will perform the flashing for you .
you can check the accounts and sync in the settings . this will show you what is syncing . i am going to throw out a guess that you have the official twitter client installed and have sync data enabled . i used to get the " lock up " you describe all the time . the lock up is not really just from the app that is syncing , but it is causing it . . . samsung decided when they designed the galaxy s that the file systems that existed were not good enough for them . so they decided to use a proprietary file system that was developed by samsung called rfs . this file system is slow , like , really fricken slow . it is the cause of the " galaxy s lag " . even google decided , with the nexus s , that they were not going to use rfs on the device , it uses ext4 . there are " fixes " out there to convert the rfs to ext4 , but they do require you to have root access , a custom recovery ( like clockworkmod ) and to flash a rom or a kernel . voodoo is one of the best . roms like nero3 from teamwhiskey have voodoo built right in to their rom . now if you do not have root access and do not want to , there is really nothing that can be done to " correct " the lag that you are experiencing . . . except to disable the syncing of data that cause the lag .
the problem simply disappeared after a few weeks . i guess the carrier changed something or my phone got updated without informing me . . . who knows .
after an update of k-9 mail i tried again to find it and succeeded ( do not know whether this worked in a version prior to the new one ) . this is how you search in k-9 mail inside a message : in the respective message select any text ; in the upcoming menu ( copy , past , select all ) , select the document with a magnifying glass on it ; now the text you selected is used for an in-message search ; edit the search box and enter your search string .
i am currently on cyanogenmod 4.0.4 and dutch has been added . i do not know where it came from , but it works like a charm .
using nfc enabled phone like nexus s one can read nfc data exchange format ( ndef ) message content present in nfc tags . gingerbread ( i.e. . android 2.3 ) is capable of reading ndef format which is specified by nfc forum type 2 specification . nfc operates in the 13.56 mhz frequency range . nfc , is a subset of rfid that limits the range of communication to within a few centimeters . based on what i read and understood , my guess is nexus s should be able detect nfc tags and not the rfid . may be in later releases hardware would be capable enough to do that as well ! edit : here 's some additional info . edit2: android blog states following are the new nfc related features in android 2.3.3: a comprehensive nfc reader/writer api that lets apps read and write to almost any standard nfc tag in use today . advanced intent dispatching that gives apps more control over how/when they are launched when an nfc tag comes into range . some limited support for peer-to-peer connection with other nfc devices .
google+ messenger does require the background data checkbox to receive messages/updates while it is not the active app . however your messages should be sent instantly since the app would be active then . are you experiencing delays with other messengers using background data as well ? e.g. whatsapp a good discussion about background data , sync etc can be read here
if you go into the mail client , go into the mailbox you want to check the mail for , then press menu while you are looking at the inbox , there should be a refresh option on the menu bar . that definitely seemed to go back to the server and check for new mail when i tried it with the hotmail account i have got set up in there just now , as it found the message i would sent a minute before .
you are right i just played with trying to set a dropbox image as my wallpaper , and can not believe that there is not an easier way . part of the problem seems to be that if you open a dropbox image , it is not sent to the gallery or the system default image viewer ( which would let you do things like set as wallpaper ) but dropbox uses its own ( html ? ) viewer . there are feature requests in dropbox 's " votebox " that are requesting features that would fix this . it is probably worth heading over there and letting them know that you had like this feature , this option looks like the most likely ( but you can just go to votebox and search for android to see all the relevant ones ) : add dropbox photos to android gallery update : if you download photos from dropbox , they do appear in the gallery in a folder called " photos " . now that they are in the gallery , you can set them as wallpaper the same as normal . you might need to force the media scanner to start before they will show up in the gallery , this previous question has options for forcing that to run .
good question . i am do not see an obvious way to do that to solve your problem on all websites . however , there just so happens to be a few xkcd viewer apps . i use this one which has a menu > hover text option . edit : this seems like a reasonable thing to try for link hover text , but it does not work for me on the default htc incredible browswer : tap any white empty space near to the link you want to hover over . now move your trackball up/down until it selects the link . don’t click it . there ! the tooltip now appears . simple solution . :- ) i saw this suggested here .
having cwm installed will not prevent your phone from noticing that an update is available , but it may prevent the update from installing in the usual automated fashion . the update process actually works by creating a special file with a " script " for the recovery to run , then rebooting to recovery ; cwm will just show its menu instead of running the script . it may be possible to apply the upgrade through cwm as an ordinary update zip , but if you want to make sure the process is seamless , it would be a good idea to flash back to the stock recovery before installing the update . btw , the jro03o update for the galaxy nexus removes the automatic stock recovery flash that you linked to . you no longer have to do anything special to keep cwm installed when running stock .
if you install pelya’s xsdl server from google play , you can use x11 aplications . in gnuroot type : apt-get install xfce4 it will install the xfce4 desktop environment and xorg with some utilities . and after several minutes of packages downloading and making configurations , start xsdl and set your favorite display resolution and zoom , and then type in gnuroot : display=127.0.0.1:0.0 startxfce4 switching to xsdl app , the xfce4 starts and you can now use the graphical interface . i found this solution at : http://www.r-ohjelmointi.org/?p=1434 some other things : * change font size as in ordinary gnome . * moving a flat finger is same as click and drag , for resizing etc . * i have to press the back button on the pad to get the screen keyboard displayed . this overlays lower part of x window though . * no terminal emulators seem to work properly . however , gnuroot can be used for that . * applications like gnu planner , gretl and gnu cash work without problems .
it is quite possible you accidentally shorted out a circuit or otherwise damaged some part ( ribbon cable , connector , etc . ) while disassembling or re-assembling your phone . the " power supply " line the tech fed you is probably just that , something they said to avoid going into too much technical detail . it is unlikely that they will bother with figuring out which exact part is fried , and will probably opt for replacing the phone 's whole main board instead . be mindful of the price they quote you , because these days you can get a used nexus one for the price close to what some parts retailers charge for a replacement motherboard .
first , you need to be aware of two facts : android uses more than one file system ( think of " multiple drives/partitions " when comparing with your computer while sharing a common base , directory structures might differ between manufacturers so as starting points , i further recommend the file-system tag-wiki and the partition tag-wiki ( you might also want to take a look at the most frequented questions using those tags ) . in my answer , i will concentrate on the mentioned " common base " . however , there still might be deviations made by some manufacturers . partitions as said , android makes use of multiple partitions . in the file system , they are represented by " directories " , which serve as their mount-points : ¹ details below ² virtual file systems ³ these might differ . often , /mnt/sdcard is the internal sdcard , while the external sdcard is found in /mnd/sdcard/external_sd . above list is far from being complete , but should hold the most important partitions . directories here i again will concentrate of the partitions which are most interesting ( or this answer would get far to long and , for most readers , boring . /data and /data/data these are in most cases two separate partitions , but there might be cases where this is handled otherwise . one thing they have in common ( add /cache here as well ) : they get wiped on a factory-reset , while the other partitions are usually left untouched by that . as for the directories contained , i will again concentrate on a selection ; most things here you either cannot touch without having your device rooted . ¹ for details on the dalvik cache , see : dalvik ² each app gets its own data directory assigned here , using the app 's package name . there might be a similar directory on your sdcard , mostly used by apps with larger amounts of data . ³ usually , files are stored here temporarily to be installed/executed . google play e.g. downloads .apk files to this directory , before installing the downloaded app on your device of course , i intentionally skipped several directories . if you really want to go into details , this site might not be the best fitting place ( as we deal with end-user questions -- and end-users normally do not touch these things ) . in that case , several places/ressources might be recommended : xda developers good technical books on android ( there is e.g. andrew hoogs android forensics and mobile security , which goes much deeper into details here ) where can i ask questions that are not android enthusiast questions ?
you probably have not been asking the right question in your research . have you tried searching ' rescan media ' in the android market ? a multitude of apps will be returned . personally the great app widgetsoid has this function amongst a multitude of options/settings .
there is keyboard app in the google play store called swype which has many handy shortcuts - such as copy , paste , select all , etc . the shortcuts involve swiping certain keys . when i use swype i find these shortcuts to be incredibly efficient and helpful .
the video codecs are limited to what is supported by the device . this suggests that the codecs are in firmware and not software codecs like you are used to on the computer . this means you will probably need to use something like handbrake to convert your videos to the phone . unless there are in the h264 or 3gp formats that all android phones support . reference : act1 video player faq
i have figured it out , had to enable mtp mode under settings => storage - > settings button on top right -> usb computer connection and then enable mtp from there .
power control plus will do this , and more . specifically for you , it will open up the settings page to toggle 2g/3g . however , it is not free . it will cost you $2 .
to directly answer your question : no , this modification will not harm your device . to elaborate : you did not overclock your device ( that is why i said it was safe ) . you raised the minimum frequency . what you see in set cpu is the scaling range . for any given moment your device decides which frequency it needs to do what it is doing . for example when only reading and not scrolling it needs only 200 mhz to basically wait for further input . this is done for better battery life . when actively loading pages the device will automatically increase the operating frequency up to the limit of your scaling range . this increases performance , but is worse for battery . in both of your cases the maximum scaling frequency is 1600 mhz . you told the device to save less power when idling , but kept the maximum " speed " the same . overclocking on android is done by raising the scaling range maximum value above the default . for example a very small and usually ok overclock for your device would be to set the scaling range to 200mhz to 1700mhz . this modification however can harm your device , but not very likely . it also often requires custom kernels to be flashed . when things go wrong with overclocking you can see random reboots and freezes , and almost never any permanent damage to the device . i suggest you try to read more about this topic on sites like xda-developers , before doing anything else with the device .
on the tasker homepage there is a section called " plans " where the developers outline future ideas that they might incorporate into the product : http://tasker.dinglisch.net/todo.html also listed on this page are those two lines : actions/tasks : vpn ( dis/re ) connect events/states : vpn connected so it is not included yet but it might be at some point in the future . again citing from the page : this is an informal list of features under consideration for tasker .
it is an lg bug exposed by a recent google chrome change : http://productforums.google.com/forum/#!topic/chrome/-ns44h44aqs%5b1-25-true%5d
can i order the apps alphabetically the app drawer already does this for you . or group them into folders ? long press on the home screen . click folders . click new folder . click on the folder to open it . click on the " folder " at the top to rename it . drag and drop apps into the folder from the app drawer to place them into the folder . or maybe there is a better way of managing with an ever increasing number of installed apps ? i can also recommend apps organizer .
the " not compatible with this device " message encompasses more than just the os version . the play store also checks for other software and hardware components that the app 's developer listed as requirements . these components can range from a minimum screen resolution , to having particular hardware ( e . g . tegra 3 chipset ) . you can try searching for a given app on google play store website to get a better idea of the incompatibility .
have you tried google 's quickoffice ? it detects numbers ( and underlining them ) , and lets you click the number to open the dialer with that number .
i clicked format on the device , causing the sd card to show up again in windows . format thankfully did not actually format it - in the sense that it did not wipe the data . i only know this because i have installed the demo of zar , which has found image and video files to recover . my options now are to either buy the full version of zar , on the assumption that if it recovered images and video the other data is intact , or to find an alternative program that is free . edit : i am currently running photorec , which contrary to its name , has so far found mp3 files and a txt file to recover . i am hoping it is also able to read obscure or non existent file extensions , so that apps which had decided to locate themselves on the sd card can be recovered .
sparx 's suggestions seem pretty good . here are a few more ( also untested ) : genial handwriting myletter ( this one seems if-y ) graffiti for android ( very cool if it works because it converts the handwritten notes to text )
no . when new android versions are developed by google , they use the nexus devices to test and develop them . they co-operate with the vendors of the different hardware and software components inside the device so that all the necessary driver changes will be ready for the new version , and they only announce it when the updates are already available for nexus devices . google works together with the leading handset manufacturers to give them early access to the new android version and to help them make the necessary changes to support it , but even so , there is always going to be a delay between when the new version is announced and when manufacturer updates are ready . third-party roms like cyanogenmod are another option , but as they are made by volunteers without early access to google 's code , they usually become stable much later than official roms are released . so if you are not happy with the timeliness of updates for samsung devices ( or any other manufacturer ) , your only option is to not buy devices from that manufacturer .
i have not found any app . but using a terminal emulator on a rooted phone with busybox i can use : netstat -p ( or any other command 's argument needed ) .
you might want to check out the dolphin browser . it supports many extensions , two of them doing exactly what you want : dolphin screen cut web to pdf
it turns out that the location or link to the external sdcard has moved from /sdcard/external_sd to /extsdcard , while the /sdcard/external_sd was blank . so i thought that the card was not mounted , but in fact it was .
yes , add both your account to settings > account , then you can choose which account to sign in to on the youtube app . make sure to sign out first swipe left , and tap on sign in you should be presented with an account chooser
that is something not easy to be simulated by tasker , but should be possible . the most likely trick is working with variables -- an approach you find described at google groups : how to default profile ? ( check the post by nikita popov ) . that example just defines a single default profile to fall back on if no other profile is active . a more complex example would properly make use of variables like %PACTIVE ( currently active profile ) , in the way that a " lower-priority " profile would contain the condition that the higher is not contained in %PACTIVE ( so it only becomes the active profile if no " higher-priority " profile is currently running ) .
since you are rooted , you might be able to bypass activation permanently by killing the phone dialer app . this involves removing ( or renaming ) Phone.apk . i can at least confirm that this works on a droid 1 . definitely make sure you have a backup made prior to editing your system this way . you can rename Phone.apk with an app like root explorer , or with the terminal app by mounting the system partition as rewritable . this also works if you have set up ssh : su mount -o rw,remount /system cd /system/app mv Phone.apk Phone.apk.old pm uninstall Phone.apk  that disables the cdma adapter and gets rid of the activation screen that always comes up on boot . it should also save you a little battery life too , since it is one less app , and one less adapter turned on . you might get an error when you rename the file , but after rebooting ( forcefully , if necessary ) everything should be fine .
without rooting , etc there is no way on the droid 3 to go back to the droid 1 lockscreen experience . motorola and their forum users recommend using a lock timer so you do not have to use the pattern every time . motorola forum post
i reinstalled cm7 on a spare htc desire to check the procedure : long press on spare space of homescreen select " widgets " select " renderfx widget " choose color ( night , red , etc . ) place widget . results in a toggle switch widget :
one option : install adw launcher as your home application and set it as default from your home screen press Menu Button-&gt;More-&gt;ADWSettings to open adw 's settings select UI Settings-&gt;Main Dock Style-&gt;None to hide the bottom bar optionally , you can also select Screen Preferences-&gt;Hide StatusBar to hide the status bar at the top , which effectively makes your home take up the entire screen .
it might marginally increase your battery life , since if the network selection is set to auto , it will periodically poll the networks to see if lte is available . since it will not find it anyway , why not disable it and restrict it to your available networks ?
same way as on any other android device : go to the android app store of your choice ( google play , appbrain , whatever ) and search for " korean keyboard " ( currently , 376 results ) install the one you find suiting your needs there are several keyboards shipping with korean language packs , so you might as well decide picking one of those . this might possibly even come with more functionality or better usability . not explicitly asked for , but it will probably be your next question : you might have to " activate " that " input method " for the keyboard to show up , or even make it the default one . this can be done in settings → languages and input ( by " settings " i mean the android settings ) .
ok , i have found a way to deactivate motoblur without rooting the phone ! reset the phone to factory Settings &#8658 ; Privacy or SD and Storage &#8658 ; Factory data reset when the phone reboot , cancel the configuration of motoblur take of the widget who remind you to configure it and it is done !
android assigns each application a uid ( user id ) at install time ; unlike pid ( process id ) which is transient and keeps changing all the time , uid stays constant as long as the application is not reinstalled . the uid should be unique to each application , except when the application explicitly requests to share a userid with another application ( there are security restrictions around this , the two applications must be signed with the same private key , i.e. comes from the same developer ) . these applications claims to show uid of applications : https://market.android.com/details?id=redfishandroid.appexplorer https://market.android.com/details?id=com.sayhello2theworld.te edit : try looking at /data/system/packages.xml ( you need root to view this file ) , each installed application should have an entry there . say , i have adobe reader installed in my phone : my phone have assigned userId="10034" to adobe reader . for applications that have requested to share user id with another application , say handcent : then the attribute you are looking for is sharedUserId="10064"
yes , blocked contacts can still see your online status .
the primary purpose of easy mode is to make the customization and use of a smart phone simpler and easier ( usually for a first-time smartphone user or non-techy user ) . easy mode vs normal mode for android is quite similar to apple vs android --> apple is often simpler , but less customizable . if you just want to use your phone , easy mode will be easier for you . you will not have all of the same home screen customization options ( but then again , you might not need them ) . easy mode gives you 3 default home screens , a simpler settings menu , and a simpler camera interface . if you love customizing the crap out of your phone , do not use easy mode . you will then enjoy a full settings menu , fully customizable home screens , the full camera interface , and more . here are some resources i found for you on google ; ) http://www.samsung.com/us/support/howtoguide/n0000003/10091/120408 http://www.digit.in/mobile-phones/understanding-easy-mode-on-the-samsung-galaxy-s4-14698.html
thus far , there appears to be no answer . the best alternative appears to be that you can log into gmail on a pc and add your new contact to an existing group . will change the answer to this question if a valid answer pops up .
after updating to a 2.3.4-based rom that is not 2.3.3 , this issue seems to be solved . see more details in the answer to this question .
quoting the answer from xda forum . in linux or windows with cygwin . $ tar -H ustar -c recovery.img &gt; recovery.tar $ md5sum -t recovery.tar &gt;&gt; recovery.tar $ mv recovery.tar recovery.tar.md5 
i think so . find the message you sent in the " messaging " app . long-press on it . choose " copy message text " . now run the mail app , compose an email , and in the body of the message , long-press , and choose " paste " from the pop-up menu .
not currently , but the slide . me application manager ( sam ) 4 will have support for updates .
yes . on your second pc , set the environment variable ADBHOST to the ip address of the first pc and run the adb server and client . related steps ( more detailed ) are here . although you are not connecting to a physical device , it is apparently also possible to do so over the network without using usb . instructions for that are here .
hboot is bootloader . it lives inside nand 's first partition , mtd0 ( if partition map is mtd ) . it is loaded in memory ( ram ) when device is switched on . its jobs are : check the hardware . initialize the hardware . start the operating system ( either android or recovery ) . hboot can also support doing more than this like flashing roms . something more : nandroid backup and restore do not touch hboot .
look under settings > wireless and networks . you should see a vpn option . assuming you already have a vpn server running on your ubuntu machine , it should be pretty self-explanatory from there
the bluetooth device names come from the device itself , so unless there is a way to do this from your headset , this is not possible , at least on stock android . a quick google search revealed a thread that claimed cyanogenmod 7 can do this ( it creates an alias for the device , does not change the name itself ) .
acccording to this xda thread , it does not support glonass they ran gps tests on both galaxy note and htc one x , the former of which does officially support glonass ; and the former showed 2x the amount of detected satellites .
absolutely . well . . . almost . just make sure you set the partition from rewritable to read-only once you are " unrooted " . however , once you are unrooted , binaries like su and the superuser apk will in all probability removed , so you will in effect be dropped to a lower privilege level . this will have the side-effect of having the apps installed in the system partition as being uninstallable . a workaround is to remove/uninstall apps from the system partition , remove root and then add the apps as user apps - this will ensure that they can be updated in the future without the need for root .
it is supposed to represent a hearing aid , and it means that hearing aid compatibility is enabled . afaik , this basically just increases call volume to make it easier to hear . it should go away if you go into the call settings and disable the hearing aid option . it'll either be something like Settings-&gt;Calls or pressing the menu button on the dialer to get into the call settings ( i think it varies some ) . supporting source , second source
there is nothing dangerous about it , and this is done occasionally when the store is not accessible . in response to your second question , apks are not unique - and can be easily transferred to another device , or the internet . this is the base of android app piracy . when you upload the apk to google play , gplay does nothing to it . it is up to the developer to obfuscate the code , to prevent decompilation .
this problem was resolved by upgrading to ice cream sandwich
there will only be problems if you rely on background services to do processor intensive tasks . for example , on an older android phone , music running in the background would skip when the cpu was set at a low enough clock rate . so to answer your question , only if it is noticeable to you .
because google text-to-speech is not really an app : it is a library app . that is , it does not have a user interface for you to interact with ; rather , it offers an interface to other apps to use its functionality . other apps on the phone can give text to google text-to-speech for it to speak out loud . it is up to the author of the app in question to use the facility offered by google text-to-speech : only apps that have been written to use it can do so . so if you want firefox to use google text-to-speech to read out web pages , you need to file a feature request with mozilla ( the organization that develops firefox ) asking them to support this . for the same reason , the way you use it in an app that does support it , such as google play books , is different from app to app . there might be a button or menu item to read text out , or there might be a setting to make the app read things out automatically .
you should be able to do this from the settings of the camera app , rather than the system settings .
you do not need to root your kindle fire for this -- as long as the following source is still valid : install android marketplace and google apps on amazon kindle fire . as that howto speaks about " android marketplace " ( and not " google play" ) , it may not be up-to-date -- but i doubt the change of the name affected the procedure of installation . a more up-to-date tutorial is install android play store on amazon kindle fire - the easiest way , but that involves rooting the device . maybe it has to do with the framework and a newer android version , which makes rooting a necessary step . edit : you may also want to take a look at these video tutorials : how to install google music / play on your kindle fire ! and gapps on kindle fire without rooting . looks like you can still have google play installed this way without rooting .
i resolved this on the mac by turning wifi off and then back on . on the win7 pc , running the network troubleshooter ( which i believe turned the adapter off and on ) also solved the problem . i believe it may be related to some state left over from a previous connection in both cases . off-topic : with a 4g ( lte ) signal , internet access was comparable ( maybe better ) to my 6mb dsl access at home .
sounds like os monitor might do what you want . i believe it just uses the top utility to get process info . screenshot : and note that tapping on one of the rows will expand it to show info like memory use , priority , and so forth .
i never actually found the underlying problem but by deleting all contacts on the sim i at least did not have to scroll through hundreds of duplicates anymore .
you will get the best results using the built-in media player/decoder ( called " system player " in rockplayer , iirc ) because it supports hardware decoding . for a list of supported containers and codecs see here : http://developer.android.com/guide/appendix/media-formats.html i would recommend h264/aac inside a mp4 container , like the website recommends , but with your device 's native resolution ( and a higher video bitrate , if necessary ) . though rockplayer 's ffmpeg decoder is able to play almost every media codec , the results will be quite poor ( only software decoding ) .
you could use a so called " app locker " like e.g. app lock , which allow you to protect selected apps with a pattern lock . a more restrictive way would be to turn your tab into a " kiosk device " ( details can be found following the kiosk-mode tag ; just 6 questions , so it should be easy to browse ) .
just re-root . your bootloader is still unlocked , so nothing is preventing you from doing so . the nexus root toolkit should do the heavy lifting for you if you want ( just press " root" ) . manual steps would be : download a custom recovery , like clockworkmod , and save it to your computer download the superuser/su package for arm and copy it to your phone reboot into your bootloader , either by holding volume down while turning on your device or by issuing adb reboot bootloader from a pc ( plugged in via usb with debugging enabled on the phone ) use the fastboot utility to install the recovery image from your pc via : fastboot flash recovery /path/to/recovery.img  reboot into recovery ( boot into your bootloader , then press either of the volume buttons to cycle to " recovery " and press power ) . install the the superuser zip file from your recovery menu reboot . you now have root . in general , if you do not want to lose root , do not install ota updates . you can try apps like ota rootkeeper or superuser 's in-built functionality , but there is no guarantee that it will work since it depends on exactly how the ota is applied . some devices ( the kindle fire is one example ) will actually wipe the entire /system partition when performing an update , making ota rootkeeper apps useless . the only guaranteed method of updating and keeping root would be to wait for a repackaged ( rooted ) version of the ota to appear on somewhere like xda and then flash that from your recovery , or repackage it yourself .
it seems that most of the h . 264 encoded video files do not work in huawei ideos u8150 using the hardware renderer mode . 3gps , h . 263s and less complex video profiles work at full speed in hw mode . most flv video files play on software rendering mode ( armv6 mxvideoplayer ) at appreciable speed ( sometimes lagging at certain points , but overclock to more than 600 mhz , and it runs fairly good at all points ) standard mp4s or mpeg-4 part-2 compressed video files seem to be the best file format to play on low end android phones which is easy on the cpu ( plays perfect in hw mode ) and has good balance between clarity and file size . here is my handbrake preset for huawei ideos u8150 optimum video format : http://depositfiles.com/files/gbqtxevo4?redirect ( 320x240 resolution )
the ' power control ' widget has five buttons for turning various functions on and off - including one controlling updating of applications ( the circular one with two arrows on it ) . you can add this widget by long pressing ( press and hold ) somewhere on your home screen , then selecting ' widget ' from the menu that pops up , then ' power control ' . i believe that if you press the ' refresh ' button to turn it off , it should stop applications updating automatically , but they can still be refreshed manually if needed . the widget also has handy buttons for easily turning on and off wifi , bluetooth and gps , and changing screen brightness . it takes up a whole row on the home screen though , so you might need to make some room . edit - the below image shows the power control widget with updating turned on , and all other functions turned off , taken from : htc desire review at android . marvinlee .net:
if you root your vibrant , you should be able to get hebrew characters support , as described here . basically you are just overwriting a system default " fall-back " font with the one that has hebrew . this will get your phone to recognize the incoming text . next you can install a virtual keyboard with a language pack , such as anysoftkeyboard and the hebrew language pack .
you should select your operator 's internet apn from the apn list to enable the mobile data network . if you do not see it , check the settings from your operator and insert it manually from that menu .
there is a similar question which covers some of this : security risks of rooting your android smartphone . however , since it does not really explain how you manage access to the root user , i will expand on that here . when you root your device , you basically always ( technically i suppose you do not have to , but you should ) install the superuser application along with the su binary . superuser 's sole purpose is to manage which applications are permitted to elevate to root and which are not . the default behavior is that superuser will prompt you whenever a new app tries to execute a call to su , and you can then allow or deny it using the prompt . it can save your decisions so that you will not get prompted more than once for the same app , but you can erase this saved data from the superuser settings page . it also provides a log viewer which keeps track of when su is accessed and by which applications . now , the tricky part is that many of the newer malicious apps will actually perform an exploit to gain root access rather than simply trying to make a call to su . there is really not much you can do about these aside from being careful about what you install and where you install apps from since they are not even using su to begin with . however - to directly answer your question - apps which require legitimate root access can be easily managed by superuser as explained above . if you are rooted but do not already have superuser then you should be able to simply install it from the market , i believe .
chmod will never be supported . that is on purpose according to comments in the source code . here 's a reference to the fuse implementation on github pointing to a comment that says this . and the original head on googlesource ( a bit harder to navigate than github ) . even root cannot bypass it : note that ownership is hardcoded to media_rw:media_rw ( below /data/media ) . ps : /data/media is another story , all the regular permissions apply here , it is ext4 and root is allowed to do whatever it wants .
no piece of software that you install on any hardware of any form is 100% safe unless you are the author or you have read all of the source code , verified its safety , and built it yourself . okay , so this may be something of an oversimplification , but it is actually not too far off in most cases . custom roms are no exception to this . yes , a rom author could put spyware , a backdoor , or just about anything else they wanted into a rom if they wanted to maliciously exploit it . with aosp roms i suppose the possibilities are somewhat magnified since the android source itself could be modified to contain some kind of exploit or spyware . it is also worth noting , however , that running a manufacturer stock rom is not necessarily a safer option if you are concerned about privacy . the question " is android safe by default " is in some ways kind of a meaningless question . is it designed to be safe ? well yes , data is protected at the application level and apps are sandboxed . any os is intended to be safe , but all of that goes out the window when you run a rom that is not pure aosp . on top of that , the nature of code is that it has bugs , with android being no exception . custom roms and manufacturer roms alike can absolutely have the potential to introduce ( either intentionally or unintentionally ) ways for your data to be sniffed or stolen .
the " draw over other apps " permission ( known to developers as android.permission.SYSTEM_ALERT_WINDOW ) only lets the app create a window of type TYPE_SYSTEM_ALERT . this is the same type of window used by the battery warning , amongst other things , and is shown on top of any normal window , whatever you are doing . drawing this window on top of the other windows is done by android itself . an app with this permission still can not read other parts of the screen or read other apps ' data . this permission does not even let the app see ( the names of ) what other apps are running , which is controlled by a different permission called , " retrieve running apps " . facebook messenger does not use that permission , but the main facebook app does , in order to support facebook home . even so , this permission is far from harmless . an app might use this permission to display pop-up ads when you are doing something else : ads that you can not dismiss , not even by pressing home . with a bit of cunning , it might even be possible for an app to place a window that conceals an important confirmation dialog , so that while you think you are answering " yes " to a harmless question , the button belongs to a warning about installing further apps or deleting your data , which the system alert has hidden . this was a common tactic used by windows malware a few years ago ( before uac arrived in windows vista ) .
assuming that it has not changed since ics , you can go to : Settings \u2192 Language &amp; Input \u2192 Android Keyboard settings  you can enable another languages over there and then you can quickly switch by long pressing on the space bar or by tapping on " select input method " entry on the notification bar .
if you go through your apps list you can see all the apps that have permission to send texts ( or you could use appops to save having to click on every app ) , you can then narrow it down based on how reputable the app is , and/or doing web searches , once you thing you have narrowed down the app you can either , uninstall the app or block the permission using app ops , however if it was text secure that was the offending app , then you wont be able to tell as it has already been uninstalled .
make device as root go to xda-developers . com - seeder topic install last seeder apk on your device run it and then your device should work better .
passmark has a quite comprehensive list of android devices with cpu , memory , storage , 2d graphics and 3d graphics benchmarks . if your device is not on the list , you can use the free app on google play to measure your device ( and contribute to the public list ) .
i fixed the problem by the following steps : clear data of the xpressconnect app , then uninstall it . this step alone did not fix the problem . reboot my nook to recovery mode , and clear/wipe the dalvik cache . restart . to start fresh , i also clear the cache of all my web browsers .
the problem is caused because the os thinks you connected your headphones . i saw that problem in ios some years ago . use this app to solve it : wiredheadphoneroutingfix
i reproduced the exact same issue on my nexus 10 after upgrading to kitkat . cycling power on the device after the update resolved the problem for me .
summarizing the solution from the comments : the cause of trouble was a corrupted file system : not being able to delete files from the dalvik cache turned out being caused by the system not being able to access them . from the comments : ls /data/dalvik-cache gives me /data/dalvik-cache: I/O error with the trace showing an error to even stat the directory , a wipe showed similar errors in many other places ( as it tried to delete all files and directories recursively ) . so options were to re-format the file system of /data in the hope it was only the file system being corrupted ( and not the block device itself ) . different approaches here . though most of them failed somehow , i will list them all – as on a different device things might look different , and one of them might succeed though it did not here : booting to recovery and issuing a factory-reset ( or with a custom recovery , even directly formatting the affected partitions ) was not a way to go , as it was impossible to even boot into recovery fastboot -w , fastboot format userdata , fastboot format cache had to be sorted out as well , as the device did not boot into fastboot mode luckily , the device was able to be accessed via adb , so adb shell wipe data; adb reboot; failed as described above ( tried to " delete " instead of formatting ) some places mention format CACHE: , format DATADATA: , and format DATA: via adb shell , which initially failed here as format was not a recognized command same for the factory_reset command available on some devices hint : ls /system/bin and ls /system/xbin are pretty helpful to figure what commands are available on the device last resort was to figure the file system parameters via mount ( or checking /init.rc , or other means ) , and then using the corresponding mkfs command to manually re-format the partition . root@android# mount [ … ] /dev/block/nande /data ext4 rw , nosuid , nodev , noatime , user_xattr , barrier=0 , journal_checksum , data=ordered , noauto_da_alloc 0 0 /dev/block/nandh /cache ext4 rw , nosuid , nodev , noatime , user_xattr , barrier=0 , journal_checksum , data=ordered , noauto_da_alloc 0 0 root@android# parted /dev/block/nandh mkfs ext2 # bunch of warnings etc . here , all suggestions approved with " yes " root@android# parted /dev/block/nande mkfs ext2 # same game as with nandh root@android:# e2fsck nande # again confirm to fix each inode returned to the command prompt on the pc : adb reboot  and the device came to the splash , took a few minutes building up the dalvik cache again , and then booted fine ! one thing you might have noticed is a minor difference : mount reported the partitions as ext4 , while tlacaelel then formatted them ext2 . both are variants of extfs , with ext4 definitely being the newer one , so this should not be a real issue . further readings and references : clearing dalvik cache without root ? wipe data/factory reset through adb internal storage partitions screwed up ( this gave the final clues to the op )
solved myself : i tried after reading a lot of stuff to tweak my router and do a firmware update and i totally messed it up and almost destroyed it . it actually will not work at all and will not be found by wireless or anything , but it was already 5 years old , so i did not mind too much , i went and bought a new one ( logilink - heard this brand for the first time , but works like a charm ) . i installed my new router ( even though it asked for some things i heard for the first time in my entire life ) and it runs on 802.11n perfectly fine for all my 3 computers and all my 3 phones . so turns out my old router was too old apparently . in conclusion , for anyone reading the question , i believe a firmware update on an old router if done properly ( in which i failed horribly ) can fix this problem , also as @matthewread pointed out in the comments mixed b and g was fairly worse than g only , so you can try this . in any case ,
this is pretty hard to do with software , since there are delays in the audio stream . the transmission from you phone 's bt to the headset can take up to 200ms , and the same for the reverse . therefore before sending the audio from the mic to the recipient , up to 400ms of audio would have to be sampled and cancelled , assuming that the bt connection is stable . usually this is done in the bt headset itself , but , as you said , it is a cheap chinese headset , so the circuits for this have been left out . as far as i know , the only settings in android regarding noise cancellation support only on-board noise cancellation mics . as for the muting solution , some phones use compression to boost the mic strenth , which will raise the noise levels when the person is silent . this would cause the mute to be always on .
it turns out that , they were all in the lost . dir folder with arbitrary names ( numbers ) -- so taking them from lost . dir folder and rename the files in that folder with.jpg extension recovers the images . for whom interested .
i have a samsung galaxy s on t-mobile , so ymmv . to use voice entry , i start the navigation application , not maps ; one of the menu options it displays is " speak destination " . navigation was not available on the phone when i first got it ; i first noticed it about a week ago ( i noticed latitude and places arrived at the same time , so might all have been part of the same push ) . edit : to get voice entry in maps , press and hold the search key , which gives you a general search . to search for a location , i use menu > search , then there is a microphone icon on the search bar . in menu > directions , you can focus on either the From or To input boxes , and again you will get the search bar with a microphone icon . if i use menu > directions to speak a location , it works as if i am doing a map search , so i have to go back and select the location again in the directions input box .
hold volume up and back key . have you tried this ?
sounds like you need to delete the widget , clear the data and cache for contacts storage , re-sync , and re-add the widget . that should get rid of bad data that is likely screwing things up .
found it . i messed around with adb logcat , adb shell dumpsys and titanium backup 's freeze feature . i have succesfully narrowed it down ( on my device ) to an app called " pullups 2.04" by " northpark " from the play store .
if you go to the bottom of the search results page , you will see something like ( View Google in: Mobile | Classic ) , you can click on " classic " to view the current search result in desktop version of google , which of course have the ' cached ' link .
the problem was a silly one . when you try to select a wallpaper you are given two choices : full wallpaper for the virtual desktop ( option 1 , scrollable wallpapers ) and a fixed wallpaper ( the second option ) . if you select the second option , it will ask if you want to use the same wallpaper for the lock screen . however , if you select the first one , it will not ask you anything ( because it can not be set ) — ths was the root of the problem . i am assuming that , if you do tap the " do not show this dialog again " can be reset by tapping " clear defaults " in the gallery app .
as far as i know , this is just the way motorola designed their blur interface . see , for example , this screenshot from a blog post on motorola 's dev site : this basically appears anywhere that a developer uses a ListView object , which is fairly common as it is the native way to display . . . well , a list of things ( appropriately named , no ? ) . motorola describes their reasoning as such : the gray background at the bottom of the list is inherited from the device theme . its purpose is to show users where the list ends . in your case , the gray is instead white ( which i have also seen on the droid x ) , but the same concept applies . if you want to get rid of it you basically need to re-theme your device and get rid of the blur ui , which is generally not possible without rooting and using a custom rom due to how tightly integrated it is into the system . alternatively , you could email the developer and politely ask them to re-theme the ListView , since they have the option to explicitly override the default theming if they want . whether or not they think it is worth the effort is kind of out of your control at that point , though .
currently there is no way to share notes on keep in the same way that you can share a document . however , if your goal is to share notes between a fixed amount of persons ( e . g . family members , ) you can always create a new google account , add it to all android phones that you need to share on , and enable sync of keep only on that account .
i had the same problem with kindle fire utility , and i actually figured this out . the install_drivers.bat replaces the driver , which is not what you want ! you need both drivers in place , the regular amazon kindle one , and the adb driver . to get it to work : uninstall the android adb driver in device manager ( right click to do this ) in device manager , right click the kindle device and select " update driver software " , then point it to the included kindle fire utility folder that has the driver /drivers/kindle then , it finally worked -- both drivers were in place -- then adb showed up as online and i could get root , and do all the other stuff with kfu .
there was a recent ( around 5-oct-2011 ) update of the offical google docs app , with the following changes : what is new in this version : optimized experience for tablet users , honeycomb ( android 3.0+ ) new 3-panel interface for improved browsing details panel showing a thumbnail and sharing information improved sharing experience with autocomplete system landscape or portrait mode improved video playback maybe it fixes the problems you described . i am sure google will further work on the tablet compatibility of the google docs app , it is just a matter of time .
home screen up to 7 home screens , with the ability to add and remove screens at will , and drag them around to change the order ( pinch zoom the home screen ) customizable dock area at the bottom of the home screen , allowing you to add/remove up to 4 apps . apps list ' screen at a time ' sideways scrolling apps list rounded square backgrounds added to all app icons in the app list ( see here ) pre-installed apps ( or apps present during the last os upgrade ) are in alphabetical order , new apps are added at the end in the order they are installed . home button holding the home button brings up a list of 6 recently used apps , along with a task manager button holding the back button and tapping the home button takes a screenshot on the galaxy s , for the galaxy sii use power + home samsung widgets these are home screen widgets that samsung include , and are in a separate samsung widgets category pre-gingerbread , post-gingerbread they are in the main android widgets list with the word " samsung " under them instead of " android " . exact widget selection varies depending on os version and network . accuweather clock buddies now ( messaging shortcuts for nominated contacts ) calendar clock daily briefing ( news , weather , stocks , social media updates ) days ( create new entries in the diary app ) dual clock feeds and updates program monitor y ! finance clock samsung ( and other ) bundled apps samsung allshare ( dlna ) fm radio ( for models with hardware fm radio ) kies air ( shares phone data , and allows control of some phone functions over wifi to a pc web browser , first pre-installed with gingerbread , available in samsung app store for older oss ) memo ( notepad app ) mini diary ( create diary pages with daily details , memos and photos ) my files ( file manager ) samsung apps ( samsung 's own app store , currently only free content in there , but some of the apps are normally paid or ad-supported on the android market ) social hub ( messaging app combining email , sms and social networks ) task manager thinkfree office modified apps contacts ( history and activities tabs , linked to social hub and social network account updates , showing recent posts by contact and recent interactions with them ) gallery ( interface to select either scrolling wallpaper or static , portrait wallpaper ) music ( disc view interface added , allowing sideways scroll through albums showing the artwork on a " cd " shape ) videos ( extra codec support divx/xvid in particular ) region specific touchwiz features throughout most of europe and asia , samsung 's mobile tracker feature is included in the security settings allowing remote password setting , tracking and wiping of mobiles registered on the http://samsungdive.com website version specific touchwiz features eclair ( android 2.1 ) - touchwiz included wifi tethering as a standard feature before it was brought to the main android os in v2.2 . ( except where noted , all from touchwiz 3 on a gingerbread galaxy s )
yes . few years ago , google apps services were separate from normal google services . even cookies were different and compatible to each other . from last year , all google apps accounts are normal google account ( you will have to sign out from normal google account if you want to sign in with google apps account in a web browser ) . and , it supports android too . i have tested it .
had this very issue earlier tonight myself . the 51-android . rules needs to be world read-execute , and it is probably best to run service udev restart ( or reboot ) after changing this , then re-plug your device . if it still does not work , double-check the vendor id you have supplied ; with your android device connected , run lsusb . htc also use the vendor id 18d1 on newer devices .
i found it ! the answer was in pit file , because as it says here : you will only need to use this if a firmware update needs to change your partition layout ( very very unlikely ) or if you mess up you partition table ( you don’t want to do this ) which is definitely my case . so , i tried that gt-i8190n and gt-i8190 should be used with different pit files ( i tried to use for gt-i8190 one ) . so i found long list of pit files here .
no , you can not . those roms are intended for those devices only . flashing a rom that is not compatible with the device can brick the device . you should wait for 4.4 roms for your devices .
this post will explain everything . it details how gpu rendering works in ics . https://plus.google.com/105051985738280261832/posts/2fxdcz8x93s though , if you want a short answer : gpu rendering essentially forces the drawing of windows and ui elements in apps to be calculated and done using the gpu of your phone instead of the cpu . this frees up clock cycles for the cpu to do other tasks enabling your phone to be generally smoother and faster . however , this means that everything being done by the gpu eats more ram ( as its using opengl to do it which requires more overhead ) . android has always done some aspects with the gpu using hardware acceleration . what i have described is a major oversimplification . its not so cut and dry . please read the link above in its entirety for a full understanding of the concept .
you can choose when , and how often , you want your application to check its license and you have full control over how it handles the response , verifies the signed response data , and enforces access controls . from http://developer.android.com/guide/market/licensing/overview.html so yes basically whenever the developer wants it to . i would imagine the most common time to check is when the application is first opened . your application does not query the licensing server directly , but instead calls the google play client over remote ipc to initiate a license request . in the license request : your application provides : its package name , a nonce that is later used to validate any response from the server , and a callback over which the response can be returned asynchronously . the google play client collects the necessary information about the user and the device , such as the device 's primary google account username , imsi , and other information . it then sends the license check request to the server on behalf of your application . the google play server evaluates the request using all available information , attempting to establish the user 's identity to a sufficient level of confidence . the server then checks the user identity against purchase records for your application and returns a license response , which the google play client returns to your application over the ipc callback . so : the information about the application , the device and the user goes off to google 's servers . google then checks your name against the list of people it knows have paid for the application on google play . ( it could also check the name of the application against a list of applications it knows that you have downloaded from google play ) if it can see that you have downloaded ( and paid for ) the application from google play it sends back that you have a license , if not then it tells the app you do not . obviously this is all done online so if you are offline then it will not work . if i was writing the application i would have a counter to let the person to use it offline 3 times or so before having to go online to get the license check in order to stop the kind of thing happening to you where you can not play offline . of course if someone digs into the file where the counter is stored they could change the value back to 3 tries every time they use it and never have to pay but that is probably beyond the technical competence of most users .
for a start , you can not install " vanilla android " on a non-nexus device . see flash a smartphone with vanilla android rom for more . the closest you can get is a custom rom that was originally based on aosp and then ported to your device , such as cyanogenmod . the custom rom 's documentation should say whether it has the drivers for the stylus , and if so , it'll work just like a more precise touchscreen . you still will not get any special stylus features ( like extra buttons or pressure-sensitivity ) in this case , though . there is no standard android interface for such features , so they rely on the vendor 's proprietary library and interfaces for apps to support them . again , you should check the custom rom 's documentation to find out how much is supported .
i had a problem like this with my sprint evo shift , except toggling 3g would usually get things to work . while i was debugging i found a free app called reset connections that was at least faster than toggling data services off and on again . i do not know if that will solve your problem , but it is something to try .
according to ifixit is teardown , the nexus 7 2013 uses the qualcomm 8064 snapdragon s4 pro soc . qualcomm 's specs show that soc uses their izat gen8a gnss chipset , which according to their overview does include glonass support , though this does not necessarily mean glonass support is actually active and available in software . a simple means to test whether you have got glonass is to use gps status and toolbox and see how many satellites it shows for you . if it shows more than 13 satellites , you are getting both gps and glonass .
both /data and /sdcard are erased when you do fastboot oem unlock . so you lose not just files on the " sd card " , but all installed applications and their internal settings and data . yes , you can use adb backup to backup your data and then restore it later , either with adb restore or titanium backup pro . however , when i did this ( using adb restore ) , my mms messages were lost ; it seems that the backup did not save them , though maybe i just did something wrong . there is also a way to root without unlocking your bootloader . once rooted , you can use bootunlocker to unlock it without wiping data .
you can report the app to google . when visiting the app 's page in the web version of the play store , there is a link for " flag as inappropriate " . under " malicious or inappropriate android apps " ( and i would say this probably qualifies ) you are given two options for reporting the app . one through the play store app on your device , the other via a web site . application providers must adhere to the google play business and program policies . if you see an application that does not follow these standards , you can report it by flagging it from the google play store app on your android device . open the google play store app . visit the application 's page . scroll down and select flag as inappropriate . you can also report malicious or inappropriate apps to the google play team through the android developer help center .
simply , no you can not . you can install an app that will give you another way to lock phone , like lockbot . of course , rooting will solve the problem . . .
create a profile that is active when connected to the bluetooth device and set up an exit task to run whatever you want when the profile becomes inactive due to the device disconnects .
this appears to be something of a bug , either in ics or the galaxy nexus ( though i am unsure which ) . unbeknownst to me , there is a " system volume " level that controls , among other things , the output of ui sound effects . this volume level does not appear to be modifiable within the normal system settings , but you can modify it with third party apps . based on this information ( which i obtained from an xda thread ) , i downloaded volume control + from the play store and launched it . the very last slider on the interface was for " system volume " , and it was set to a value of 0 . once i cranked it back up to the maximum , my ui sounds began playing normally again . i do not know what causes this to become muted inadvertently .
while websites can not directly access the gps , then can get the current location from the device ( but of course only if the user has granted the permission ) . i think that this is done via html5 's gelocation api , but i am not sure .
from settings , go to general:accounts:google : and then disable everything from being synced . as soon as this is done , the password prompt will stop popping up . after password is changed , sync can be enabled again .
i have not seen any android system supporting ntfs out-of-the-box . could be some customroms do , or there are some " root mods " . so without root , it might get hard ( though there might be some userspace mods as well , technically spoken ) . if your device is rooted , you could take a look at ntfs mounter , which might or might not support your huawai ( take care to have a backup at hand anyway until you can be sure everything works as expected ) . moreover , there was an article at xda-developers in june on full ntfs read/write support for android you might want to read : according to the op , he compiled a generic ntfs-3g driver for android that should work on all arm devices with a fuse.ko module . as it involves a kernel module to be loaded , it again requires root . and also again : it might or might not work on your device , take care for backups . a third source is paragon 's ntfs and hfs+ for android ( also available at google play ) . paragon is quite well-known with disk utilities on windows , so i would trust them to get the ntfs part right . but as you might have guessed : this tool requires root as well , plus the above mentioned fuse module . if you need more details , try the google search for " android ntfs " where i got above results from , all on page 1 ; )
that button is for replying to a tweet
yes , your phone supports two ways to export its internet connection via bluetooth : dun-gw ( dial-up networking gateway ) pan-ap ( personal area networking access point ) see also this question ( its answer about bluetooth ) . in short : pan is supported from android 3.0 onwards as client . android &lt ; 3.0 users may have luck with wireless tether for root users . dun is not supported out of the box , there are apps though . go for pan if it works for you ( dun requires parameter and possibly eats more battery ) .
i finally managed to sort it out last night . some of the steps are redundant . boot in recovery mode format all paths visible in boot and mount ( possible redundancy here ) back to first level of menu , wipe factory clean , erase cache ( redundant imho ) go to advanced -> clean dalvik cache install the latest nightly of cyanogenmod ( for lack of a more stable release ) install their gapps ( even if the note 2 is not in the list of supported devices - if i read the table correctly ) i have done bits and pieces of the points before - but only all of them put together allowed me to have a working phone ( like i said before , there were lots of leftovers from previous experiments ) .
there are more differences between android devices than between different pc machines . so you need to know things like which cpu and hardware and version of it you got in the device . then look for an android firmware that supports your phone . you might be able to compile your own firmware from source for your device , also depending on your devices hardware and how well you can handled fails there . after an upgrade , your device will end up in different shape with regard to what works and not after the upgrade . it might even work flawlessly . you might even get a " bricked " device if you fail the upgrade and are a bit unlucky . so , it all depends on what hardware you have and how good support linux and android has to your device hardware . that is why the phone manufacturers and your telephone operator test the upgrades in many ways before they push it out to the customers . but if you know this and are technical skilled and know that you might make your phone usless , you can always try .
the sound someone hears when they call a phone is dependent on the person they are calling . this is why , no matter where in the world you are , when you call a us number , you get the us " ringing " tone , whereas if you call a european number , you get the european " ringing " . the providers of the person you are calling are what provides the ringing tone . some carriers , like verizon , offer the ability for you to set tones for others to hear , usually for an added monthly fee . verizon would essentially answer the call and play the music while it continues to try and reach you . once you answer ( or it is sent to voicemail ) , then the music would end and verizon would connect the call on their end . this might be manageable on the phoen via an app from verizon , but you would be changing their settings for your phone number that is stored on their servers . nothing locally on the phone is capable of changing what the incoming caller will hear for a ringtone .
actually , i found that all downloaded files are always stored in /mnt/sdcard/Download no matter they are " opened " or " saved " so i can grab them from there with any file manager
in android 2.2 's stock keyboard , a long press on space bar then swiping left or right should allow you to switch between languages you selected on Settings &gt; Language &amp; Keyboard settings &gt; Android keyboard &gt; Input Languages &gt; Select Multiple Languages . note that it depends on your manufacturer , carrier , and rom whether your phone will have the dictionary for the languages you want to use .
i discovered an app called gps test that assists in finding satellites by showing how many are currently in view . basically , i just move my phone around until i can pick up enough satellites . then i hold it still until my position has been locked in . after the lock-in i just use my phone like i normally would . i look like an idiot when i try to pick up a gps signal by holding my phone up weirdly , but at least it works now . for those of you who are interested , you can find a full write-up of my solution here . you can download the app for free on the google play store . by the way , i am on gingerbread now . samsung has released an official update since i posted my question a few weeks ago . as far as i can tell , the gps reception did not improve after updating .
/system is almost always read-only by default . just remount it as r/w : # mount -t ext3 -o rw,remount /dev/block/mmcblk0p25 /system  there is also at least one app that will attempt to do this for you , but it may not work on all devices . another option is to use adb root ( if your rom will allow it ) to restart adbd as root , then simply issue adb remount . on roms where adbd is already running as root , the first command is unnecessary and adb remount will work right off the bat . from a pc : C:&gt; adb root * Some response about success * C:&gt; adb remount Remount succeeded  as to why it is getting blown away , is your device nand unlocked ? many htc devices will attempt to restore their /system partition to a stock state if they are nand locked , making changes to /system fleeting at best . that is something of an educated guess , but the fact that you noted that you are using visionary to temproot seems to support that hypothesis .
if you are using stock keyboard , then go to the symbols ( ? 123 , bottom left ) , then press alt ( alt , vertically second from bottom left ) , the pipe character is third from top-left . if on htc ime , then go to symbols ( 12# , horizontally second from bottom right ) , go to the second page ( 1/2 , horizontally second from bottom left ) , the pipe character is the fifth character in the third row , and the broken pipe character is the sixth character in the second row .
this does not belong here , but that aside . . . you do not really " install " the drivers . the framework needed for usb otg is often found in custom kernels , you should be looking there . this question is also probably best asked on the forum thread of the custom rom you flashed . a quick look at your device 's forum on xda shows a fully working stock-based custom rom that supports usb otg out of the box . http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2204384 i would start with that .
if you are getting ics update from device manufacturer , its ok to upgrade . it'll be usable on small screen because you will not get bare vanilla rom . . manufacturers put their own skins over it . so , if sony ericsson is pushing upgrade to xperia mini , their custom skin would take care of usability . other than this , you will get performance boost with ics upgrade . there're other benefits , too . so , i would recommend you to upgrade . best of all , would you like to be out-of-date ?
as an owner of the mini st15i , the answer is yes , it does have the automatic flash for camera in which it can be turned off if the need arises .
the facebook app ( at least as of july ) simply does not support the transformer . it is pretty bad on a tablet anyway , and i do not even use it on my xoom . however , some solutions you could try include : try to download facebook from a different app store ( amazon , slideme , etc ) . you may also be able to use market enabler , though i am not sure if it will bypass device restrictions . there is a question that discusses this already . you could try the about:debug trick to switch your useragent to " desktop " . that is discussed here . this works on my xoom and allows me to view the chat bar . you can install opera mobile and then go into the settings and select the " desktop " user agent ( press the " o " button , then Settings-&gt;Advanced-&gt;User Agent ) . this also works on my xoom . other browsers also allow you to switch the user agent string , so these may also work ( dolphin , for example ) . you can use a third-party im client like trillian , which supports facebook accounts . facebook chat is , i believe , xmpp under the covers , so other chat clients will probably also work . if you want a tablet-oriented facebook app , i recommend friend me , though it does not currently support facebook chat . friendcaster also has a beta version for tablets that you can try out .
the desire supports sdhc which is upto 32gb so it should work fine . i have a 16gb in my droid and there is no difference noticable from a smaller card ( other than it having more capacity ) . if you were to find a bigger card ( i am not sure they have any in micro ) you had need a phone that supports sdxc .
a service like dropbox should be able to do this for you . it'll sync the files up to the web , and then your pc ( with dropbox installed ) should pull them down .
you should try tasker for simple interface and quick setup . if you are willing to do something by code and very specific , a good alternative is onx by microsoft , you can write your code to do exactly the things you wanna do . also there are some ready recipes that you can quickly setup .
compass calibration works by detecting the magnetic field intensity of earth . but sometimes due to strong interference from other electronic devices like transformers compass sensor may get wrong idea about the magnetic poles of earth and can point in wrong direction . so to ensure that it asks users to recalibrate compass by rotating in figure 8 direction so that it can judge the magnetic intensity in all directions and then from that data it deduces the actual poles of earth .
the minimal requirements for building an android app are usually the android sdk and ant . then , you are able to build the majority 1 of projects with the following steps . if there is no build.xml generate it android update project -p . -n $project_name -s then build the project with ant debug which will create an .apk signed with your debug key . all other dependencies range from the used vcs ( e . g . git ) , over the required 3rd party libraries , up to other required build tools ( e . g . android ndk ) . 1 why did i write majority ? because there is no definitive answer for such a question , as it simply depends on the used build system and the overall build setup of the project . let 's have a look at f-droid 's metadata , which is a big database of build recipes for foss android apps . you will find that there are many ways how an android app can be build . for example goo.TeaTimer has a very clean and short build recipe , namely none , which defaults basically to f-droid using ant debug to create the .apk . on the other hand , org.transdroid.full requires a few more steps to create the .apk: first the transdroid core library needs to be created , that is the ant -f ../lib/build.xml line in prebuild , then options are disabled with the sed command . now the final .apk can be built .
there is not a system setting , so the app smart rotator is probably the closest thing you can get , but yes , in the beginning , you have to set everything up yourself .
since you said the phone is brand new there is nothing wrong with the software . it is most probably a defect with the screen . get it replaced and use a proper phone .
it seems that , as noted in the comments , changing my keyboard app has solved this . i was having trouble with my default kb app going to 100% cpu when entering text lately , so that prompted me to try a new one , finally . i have tried multiple times while typing this answer to get the behavior to occur again , and it will not . yippee !
the honeycomb 3.2 update for logitech review fixed this .
can you replace the pwd symbolic link with a script that just runs ' busybox pwd ' ? or would an alias work ?
it sounds as though you are using your tv as a media renderer for a media server ( hosted on your pc or other computer device ) . if that is the case , then yes , it is possible to use your android device as a media renderer for a media server . download mediahouse upnp / dlna browser and a video player with a codec that supports your video file-types ( vplayer video player is the best that i have found ) . if you instead meant that you wanted to stream the content provided to you from your tv service provider , then that is a bit more complicated . generally , they do not allow this since they want you to pay some odd sum of money for an additional renderer that they own . the process would go soemthing like this ( if not otherwise allowed ) : use some kind of capturing device to record ( temporarily or permenently ) the video content transmitted through an appropriate cable ( hdmi for example ) . you would theoretically need to split the signal or re-route it . then configure a media server on your pc to stream the recorded content . this would not provide a stream however which would have to be in a protocol like mjpeg to work as an actual " stream " . you would need something akin to an ethernet based capture card that provided a video stream over ip .
the prompt that appears is from the superuser app , which regulates root access for other apps on your device . it is a third party app , and is not part of the android system itself . to modify the apps that are approved for root access , simply open superuser from your app drawer . there is a tab which lists the currently approved apps , and tapping on an app will allow you to change its approval status or " forget " the status altogether ( which will bring up the prompt the next time you run it ) . there is also a setting that changes the behavior when you tap on an app in the list . you can set it to give you a prompt where you can select the approval status you want for the app ( as above ) , you can set it to " forget " an app when you tap on it ( with no prompt ) or you can set it to toggle between approval states when you tap ( again with no prompt ) .
firstly because they use the 3.5mm standard they will transmit sound to android just as you would expect on the iphone . all the controls work fine with the exception of the volume up and down . the microphone works currently on android as well . source : http://www.androidcentral.com/earpods-ear-holes-android
it really depends what you mean by superior . the desire hd will be basically the same as the existing desire but with a 4.3" screen and will have the same amount of internal storage as the galaxy s . the desire hd will have 768 mb of ram instead of 512 mb on the galaxy s . but the desire hd will have the same snapdragon processor as the old desire , whereas the galaxy s has the superior hummingbird . however , the desire hd will have a 8 mp camera whereas the galaxy s only has 5 mp , and the desire hd has dual led camera flash whereas some of the galaxy s phones do not have a flash at all . that sums up the major differences , and personally i would lean toward the desire hd , but you should compare for yourself and see what better fits your needs : htc desire hd specifications samsung galaxy s specifications
jelly bean devices do not use usb mass storage to mount themselves on pcs . they use the more secure mtp method , and ubuntu does not natively support mtp . the method you have linked to is the only official way to do what you want . i own a nexus 7 , but i am using a custom rom , and as such , usb mass storage is hacked into my build . however , i believe on the stock rom , if you check in storage and you press menu , you should have an option to set the usb connection type , and there is a picture transfer mode . it will not let you see all of the files on your nexus , but it will allow you to copy and it should not need any extra help inside ubuntu . for an extremely detailed explanation on mtp and why it exists , and why on the stock rom you will never be able to use it as a flash drive , i highly recommend you check this stackexchange question : how can i use my galaxy nexus as an external usb storage drive ?
i have the same problem with kies , all music but no playlists ! i tried winamp but no luck there either , it did crash alot on my pc , and s3 . so i tried a few other apps on play store , i am using easy phone tunes , i paid just over £1.00 for it , now it does all ther playlists . . . but . . out of 2226 tracks it syncs about 1980 tracks . however it gives me a list of all that it will not copy , it is a shame i can not copy/paste info from that list . i know it will not copy drm tracks , but i only have about 3 of those that i have bought from itunes anyway . i have emailed the dev of the easy phone tunes app for the pc and s3 , i am running sync again now to generate a log file to send him .
the answer is data2sd what does it do ? it basically tells android to use the ext2 partition ( once available ) on the sd card as internal storage , together with hd2 's internal memory . this way you can get up to 4gbs . how to install ? as specified in the forum , you can grab the recovery zip ( check topic if link goes down ) and install it in recovery . it is not that straightforward . if that is your first time , i suggest to : make a backup of the sd card on pc , laptop , tablet or cloud , because it is going to be wiped insert the card in hd2 , boot in recovery ( keep HOME down during htc logo ) . some roms allow you to reboot in recovery , some apps allow you to with one click : choose your favourite option from clockwork recovery , choose the option to partition sd card ( Advanced -&gt; Partition SD Card ) , and choose your partition size . with card > = 8gb , i recomment 4096mb once finished , power off , remove the card and copy the recovery zip you downloaded on the card . also restore your previous backup insert the card , boot recovery again and choose the option to install a zip from sd card , then choose that file and confirm reboot android . you are done ! ! how does it work ? when you partition the sd card , android creates a swap partition ( that works like in linux , do not forget it is just plain linux kernel ) and an ext2 partition of the size you just chose in the end of the card . the first part of the card is partitioned with a fat32 partition for easy interoperability , because windows and other oses only mount the first partition in a removable drive , if they can mount it . data2sd is basically an init script ( running on system boot ) that mounts this ext2 partition as the /data directory of the system . credit to user Anurag pandey@xda-developers
no app can " optimize " or " maintain " the battery in any way as it can not get the necessary access to the hardware -- probably not even if it required root . this app explicitly advertises that it does not . anyway , the manufacturer 's engineers surely have already implemented all the necessary optimizations . there is no way that the app 's developers knows anything useful about every phone 's charging circuitry and battery that the engineers do not . in short , there is no way this app does anything useful at all . ( it might even be malware , but i do not get that impression in this case ) . ( note : the following is probably not true ) the only thing an app can do ( on a rooted phone ) is to recalibrate the battery . if the battery is miscalibrated the os might think that it is as good as empty and force a shutdown although there is still a useful amount of charge left . one app that does this is the aptly named battery calibration .
the samsung rom does not have the stock aosp dialer and contacts app . it has touchwiz themed dialer and contacts app . this is one of the most glitchy and slowest of dialer apps out there . try the swipe dialer if you care to . it has good reviews and seems to be working fine across the board . another option will be to port aosp dialer as in cyanogenmod . this is advanced stuff and you will need knowledge of adb . try it out if you want . the easiest way out is to flash a custom rom . try cyanogenmod , aokp , paranoid android , etc . there are several others too . try xda developers forums for more in depth info .
have you installed and used the dolphin desktop toggle add-on ? is it not what you were looking for ? although , not an automatic method , it does make switching user agents much less painful . else , you might also try accessing the mobile version of sites that render better by using their url e.g. http://m.twitter.com or http://m.gmail.com or mobile . website . com etc .
there is nothing ( at present ) that can do all that siri does . depending on your needs you might be able to get close . lifehacker had an article about your current alternatives : how to get a siri-like personal assistant on your android phone for free to summarize : you will need one of the following ( or a combination ) : google voice actions for android vlingo edwin speaktoit assistant update : terryk2 points out iris , currently in alpha testing , which is by the developers ' own admission a direct response to siri .
everything i have seen suggests you can only do it if your phone is rooted . here 's a tutorial for those with rooted phones .
your best source probably is nexus s : all things root guide -- which is a compilation/collection of several guides . here you can probably pick your minimalist solution as well as go for the " big thing " . in case you need some addional sources ( easily to find with a simple google search , by the way , as that is what i just did ) : root and recovery for the nexus s : quite decent , looks really easy : only a few steps involved . guide to root nexus s : a detailed guide nexus s : full update guide : full guide from root up to cyanogenmod customrom " nexus s " rooting guide : google search which turned all the above up on its first result page ; ) and probably has many more on the following pages . . . do not get me wrong : i am not saying you did not search ( your question clearly indicates you did ) . i put this just for reference by other interested readers here , who might need more details .
you are probably not going to like my answer , but i do not think there is anything you can do about it . i have tried to turn this off myself in the past , but the android os is such that you will receive a force close vibration no matter what . now , regarding your application actually force closing , here are my two best guesses ( since i can not see any of your code ) : you are trying to use a feature that requires documentation in the manifest file . you are overburdening the ui stack by not threading processes that take a long time to accomplish ( i.e. . contacting a server and receiving data , handling remote data , etc . ) , which can be solved with asynctasks . also , if you are getting frequent force close errors , please use ddms . it is an absolute god send for this kind of stuff . i know a lot of people who just try to " figure out " where they went wrong . debugging is a skill in its own right . sorry i could not directly answer your question . i instead tried to pinpoint where else you may be going wrong with your applications , which , to me , would seem to be a bigger issue . edit : to show you how i arrived at this conclusion : i firstly tried to look through all settings ( including my galaxy s manual ) , and obviously no cigar . i noticed that there are two classes that a developer must look into to at least see if this vibration can be turned off programatically ( for your specific program ) . these classes are the notification and vibrator classes . upon inspection , you can see that there is nothing within these classes that will allow you to do that . it is a system property . realizing that you must put in a " vibration " intent into the manifest in order to even manipulate the vibration should further prove this point :  &lt;uses-permission android:name="android.permission.VIBRATE"/&gt;  i was not really prepared to mess around with the actual android low-level code so i brought the issue up with my friend ( who has been messing around with the actual android kernel and os itself for a while ) in order to validate my suspicion . he said that this property was built in . in other words , you would have to override the property within the os itself in order to change the force close vibration . for me , that was the end of me trying to turn off this property .
no , it does not . the only usb ports are on the keyboad dock . the tablet itself has : a microsd card slot a mini hdmi port a 40-pin docking/charging/usb transfer connector an audio jack source : cnet 's review of the asus eee pad transformer
t-mobile comet manual , p . 14: using the microsd card as usb mass storage to transfer all your favorite music and pictures from your pc to your mobile phone’s microsd card , set the microsd card as usb mass storage . connect your mobile phone to your pc with the usb cable . your pc will detect the microsd card as a removable disk . open the notification bar , and then touch usb connected . touch turn on usb storage in the dialog box that opens to confirm that you want to transfer files . you can now transfer files from your pc to your mobile phone’s microsd card .
no , there is no way to do this unless you have some special-purpose hardware . as someone already commented , normal android devices do not have a radio transmitter that can be made to transmit on any frequency .
it is actually quite simple just hard to figure out . install a file manager app ( astro , inka file manager ) using a file manager app navigate to sdcard > media folder create a new folder place all your photos into that newly created folder . it may take some time but eventually the new photo album will appear inside htc 's gallery app .
this app should help . since you have rooted your device , it should work fine .
does anyone have any suggestions as to how i can see the full text of the errors which are occurring when trying to sync my k9 folders ? it seems that there is no way to see these log messages on the device without root access , but if you do have root access , there are a couple of options , either grant the required permissions to alogcat or consider using a horrible hack tm to view them directly . view the log files on your pc or workstation via adb if you can connect your android device to a pc or workstation , then you can access the logs via the adb command . to do this on windows , first you will need to install the android sdk ( which will require the java se sdk ) and add the android-sdk\tools and android-sdk\platform-tools to the system path . then enable usb debugging on your nexus 7 , plug it in via usb , and install the android composite adb interface from android-sdk\extras\google\usb_driver ( i had to force windows xp to look here , it would not find the drivers on it is own ) . for details of how to get adb up and running without the full android sdk install , or on mac or linux machines , see izzy 's excellent answer to is there a minimal installation of adb ? then you can open a shell ( i.e. . a cmd window ) and run the command : adb logcat k9:V *:S AndroidRuntime:E  i have confirmed that this works on my non-rooted nexus 7 . grant permissions to alogcat if you have root access , you could consider granting the READ_LOGS permission to alogcat , as suggested in this post alogcat/catlog/lumberjack not working ? do this . . . on the xda-developers forum : pm grant &lt;pkg&gt; android.permission.READ_LOGS  to grant this permission to alogcat or alogcat.donate , you would use one of the following commands , depending on whether you are running the donate version or not : pm grant org.jtb.alogcat.donate android.permission.READ_LOGS pm grant org.jtb.alogcat android.permission.READ_LOGS  according to one post on android-developers and the ticket , the permission grant survives reboot and update , but not uninstall/reinstall . sadly since this requires root access , whether i run this on the device or on my pc ( prefixed by adb shell ) i just get the error : Neither user 12345 nor current process has android.permission.GRANT_REVOKE_PERMISSION  i cannot confirm that this works , since my nexus 7 has not been rooted . consider using a horrible hack tm if you have root access , you could consider making logcat setuid root and running logcat from the device shell , as suggested in this answer to my how can i access android log files on my nexus 7 without root access ? question : chmod 04755 /system/bin/logcat logcat k9:V *:S AndroidRuntime:E  again , i cannot confirm that this works and i would probably only use it as a last resort , given the security implications . why are no log messages from k9 appearing in the alogcat log viewer ? could something have changed in jelly bean which lead k9 's logging to stop working ? since there seem to be remarkably few messages being shown by alogcat in general , has something has changed in jelly bean which could mean that it is no longer able to access all messages ? this appears to be a change in jelly bean which affects all applications which may try to read the log files . apparently read_logs permission is not granted to 3rd party applications in jelly bean . since this link seems to be unreliable : today i have tested my application on newest ( api 16 ) emulator before releasing it to google play . it turned out that android now refuses to grant this permission to 3rd party applications . this is weird because i have looked through all jelly bean 's documented changes and could not find anything that mentions read_logs permission . and later the protectionlevel for read_logs is now " signature|system|development " . the new pipe syntax for protectionlevel is also undocumented ( see http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=34785 ) . my suspicion is that alogcat is only seeing messages generated by itself and it is vm . for further information , see flow answer 's to my question how active should i expect my jelly bean system log file to be ?
if you mean a usb ethernet adapter , then if you have one that has [ fully open source ] drivers in the mainline linux kernel , it may be as simple as recompiling the kernel for your xoom , installing it , and getting one of the usb otg adapter cables people have been using to read usb memory sticks on xooms . fortunately the xoom seems more open to modified kernels than their phones . once it is available in the kernel , you may also need to figure out how to tell android to use that network interface - notice there is no ifconfig binary ( though people have made their own ) . you might check with the android beagle board and android x86 projects to see how they initialize ethernet adapaters .
i think i already posted this in another answer -- but i do not remember where . as i think it where different details that time ( more a general " what consumes most" ) , here some details from a reference motorola droid . data taken from a german article named energiesparplan ( heise is a very famous technology publisher in germany ; google translate version here ) : guess this definitly answers the question . though the values may vary between devices , relations should roughly match .
there is an app for this . you can use it to install flash player on a jelly bean device . you can also try installing flash player and then upgrading the device to jelly bean .
no . the blogger images showed up because they are hosted in picasa which is integrated into the android gallery . but as a workaround you could host your images on picasa and link to them from your blog .
if you have clock app available in your android jelly bean , open it and set alarm with silent ringtone and you chek the box to vibrate . in jelly bean 4.2.1 the silent ringtone is there . if you do not have , install es file explorer , record some silent ringtone and set it with es explorer .
no , adb root does not survive reboots ( thankfully , that would be a nice security hole . . . ) in your case , i would guess that the permissions on that file got changed , allowing you to push it the second time .
the answer to 1 ) is : the installer does not use the same releases as you see on the download page , it has separately signed releases so they are not directly comparable . sorry i do not know how you can predict when you might next get an update when you have used the installer . the answer to 2 ) is : latest release for installer devices are here : http://wiki.cyanogenmod.org/w/cyanogenmod_installer#supported_devices for the galaxy nexus that is : 11.0-installerxnpq09p further info : on that same wiki page it says : how do i get updates ? updates are done via settings > about phone > system updates . when a new snapshot build is > available , your will also receive a notification . devices flashed via the installer will only get updates when a new stable snapshot build is available . i suspect that might be out of date however . the following seems to be the most recent up to date information : http://www.cyanogenmod.org/blog/cm-11-m4-post-release-items installer builds are those served via the cm installer applications ( windows , mac ) . these > builds are specially signed and named separately – there is no concept of an ‘m’ build for > this release channel – so saying ‘installer skipped m#’ is an incorrect interpretation . > this channel only ever receives specially created stable builds – they even come with their > own naming structure ( eg xnpq02r ) . there is an additional blog post that rehashes some of the information on the m4 blog post above with a bit of extra clarification here : http://www.cyanogenmod.org/blog/cyanogenmod-11-0-m6-release hth . stephen
the two are actually quite different . titanium backs up apps and settings only . nandroid backs up everything including the os . titanium is useful when messing with apps and settings , since you have the option of restoring only what you want . nandroid backups are largely for when you totally b0rk your phone and need to restore it to a more or less pristine state . the biggest difference is that titanium requires a working android installation , while nandroid only requires a working cwm or other custom recovery . just to clarify , nandroid only backs up your /system , /data and a few other partitions . it does not backup your sd card . titanium backup may back up some of the stuff on your sd card , but not necessarily all of it , only data that associated with an app will be backed up ( and perhaps a few other things like photos and music ) .
highly doubtful . if the phone is using google play services , which every manufacturer must use and agree to a strict set of terms and conditions if they want their device to access the google play store , then chrome will be installed . it is one of google 's key apps , along with gmail , maps and so on .
if you update via android 's over-the-air ( ota ) update , you will lose root . you will need to re-root again if you want root access ,
the easiest way is to install the official last . fm app , this will scrobble tracks played by the default android music player , as well as from many 3rd party audio players , like winamp . it does not work with some manufacturer customized music player apps ( for instance , samsung have modified the music player app on the galaxy s 's and scrobbling does not work from there ) . i use winamp to play my music on my phone , and that happily scrobbles via the last . fm app .
according to this page , you need to reset the watch to factory settings if you want to pair it with another device , each time you wish to switch phones or tablets .
ok , i uninstalled and deleted the drivers for the tablet and then reinstalled manually and it worked .
i deleted the account and re-added it . it is syncing again . not much of an answer , i suppose . . .
i will say yes , but , that answer does not necessarily hold true 100% of the time . it really depends on the bands that the device supports . on the device spec sheets you will usually see something like this : 800/1900/700 these are the bands that the device will operate on . i pulled these numbers from the droid bionic . from that spec sheet , it goes even further and shows that it supports ev-do rev . a ( cdma/3g ) , and lte ( 4g ) . so this phone does support verizon 's 3g and 4g networks , which means that if 4g is not avaialble , then it will fall back to the cdma data network ( which is what the device will uses for voice even when data uses lte . the same rules apply for gsm networks like at and t and t-mobile . the device spec sheet will say what bands the device can operate on , and if the carrier 's network operates within that band , then the phone will work . this is why iphone users can use unlocked at and t iphones on t-mobile 's network , but they only can get edge data . this is because the iphone does not support the band that t-mobile uses for its umts/hspa/hspa+ ( 3g/4g ) data networks . t-mobile bands : 850/1900 ( gsm/gprs/edge ) 1700/2100 ( umts/hspa ) at and t bands : 850/1900 ( gsm/gprs/edge ) 580/1900 ( umts/hspa ) ( 3g ) 700 ( lte ) ( 4g ) verizon bands : 800/1900 ( cmda/ev-do ) ( 3g ) 700 ( lte ) ( 4g ) sprint does not know if they want to use lte or wimax so i am not listing their bands .
so what ' access denied ' in this case is you do not have the correct permissions to execute the file . this can be solved 2 different ways : use the sudo command ( super user can run any file ) sudo myprogram -options param1 param2 param . . . use chmod o+x filename to let anyone execute the file so basically you need a rooted device to be able to run that file , unless you change the permissions of the file before you transfer it to the device . you can use the chmod command to add the execute permission to the file before you hand it off to the device . this way anyone can execute the file . be warned , adding the execute permission for everyone is a security hole if the program can be used to change the file system in any way . rooting your tablet in this case might actually be safer .
no , not easily . one of the side-effects of using google services , is that all the google services link together in the back-ground . this can be incredibly useful in some cases ( if i google for a bar 's address on my desktop pc , my phone will later offer me directions and estimated travel time to that bar on a google now card ) . some can be spooky . having said that there are ways around this , the easiest is that just because you have an android phone , does not mean you are limited to using google 's services , one of the strengths of android is all the choices you have : you could get your apps from amazon 's app store , instead of the play store you could sync your mail , contacts and calendar with an imap server , instead of gmail , or you could install yahoo 's apps or microsoft 's apps and use those instead . or alternatively you could create a second google account , add it to your phone and use that account for the apps/services that you had rather keep separate from the apps/services that you use " as you " . have a look through the google-account tag for some hints on how to set up another account and swap apps from using one account to another .
greenify uses the android command " am " to stop an app and applies this command again if the app is wakened by any action whatsoever . that is what hibernating means . hibernated app will no longer start during phone boot , respond to registered intents or be triggered by alarms from the system . everything it does is temporary . the am command does not touch the installed files or any configuration information . this is citation from excellent explanation by lioux on xda : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=40475823postcount=1200
i can only comment on gosms which , while being a great app , has a few obvious issues . texting via gochat is , at best , unreliable . with both parties connected to hi-speed broadband , texts take their own sweet time to deliver . these texts should not expire but they do . given a certain amount of time , texts stay undelivered . if you have root access and are thinking of uninstalling the stock sms app ( which would be the logical thing to do ) , bear in mind that gosms notifications do not work hand in hand with the app 's ui . meaning , if you see a notification in the status bar and press on it , it will lead you to the main app interface but you may or may not see the actual message . this happens often when you receive more than one or two texts at the same time . strangely , even though you can not read the texts ( i assumed they were lost ) , you will have an irritating notification indicating that you have unread texts ( that you obviously can not read because they do not show up ) . having the stock app ensures that gosms shows all texts , unread or otherwise . also , when you have read the text in the stock app , the notification from gosms disappears . local backup only works when you are not connected , either via wi-fi or mobile data . with the latest version of the app , everything gets backed up to gocloud . this happens only if you have signed up with gochat . hope this helps .
correct answer was pointed to in the comments by rossc . thanks ! i am writing my own here since it is been a while and he did not write a proper answer i could have selected ( ! ) . i did a bit more research to expand on what he found , while also clarifying the original issue which was partly picnic . . . rossc wrote : according to here it may only be in the us and depend on what version you have . reddit.com/r/android/comments/14r6m7/… apparently the ' clock ' icon will do it reddit.com/r/android/comments/1p7d0w but i do not have that on mine . . . so the second link above gives the answer : on the device one cannot access the music search history from anywhere but thru the widget 's " clock " icon . since i only had the widget placed in the lockscreen so i did not see the icon while i was actually actively using my phone ( unlocked ) to look for its history . i can only access the history from the lockscreen widget , that is unless of course i put the widget on one of my panels , which is unnecessary since google now can also do music search ( just say " what is the song " or similar ) . apparently the music search is also unavailable in some countries , so ymmv . also , i found out here you can also access your sound search history on your desktop/laptop by logging into your google account and going to this hidden ( ? ) " auto-playlist " link ( i could not find anywhere in play music site ui ) : https://play.google.com/music/listen#/ap/sound-search hope this clears a few mysteries regarding sound searches and its widget .
pictures and videos from line app are stored under following directory . sd card -> android -> data -> jp . naver . line . android -> storage -> gallerybig all the audio files are placed under directory sd card -> android -> data > jp . naver . line . android -> cache > mo > ( folder ) > [ audio files ]
you should use odin or hiemdall ( preferred ) to flash a new rom , and or flash a new partition table . it sounds like the partition 's have been erased , and as such should be remade by flashing a new rom .
there does not seem to be one right now . check samfirmware for official rom updates . ( note - that is not an official site , they just host the official firmwares ) . this site describes how to install a 2.1 arabic rom on a galaxy 5 . hope that helps .
it all very much depends on the " startup manager " used , and whether your device is rooted . as dotvezz answer assumes , there are some just de-activating the corresponding " listeners " ( apps can be notified on events , and thus get started when they appear – the most famous event being boot_completed ; but there are many more , like network changed , sdcard mounted , battery low . . . if you are interested in details , see e.g. what is the difference between a service and a broadcast receiver ? ) . however , doing that requires " root powers " . thus " startup managers " working without " root powers " basically do nothing other than task mangers : killing the app once it started on a given event . they also in most cases stick to the boot_completed event , and do not care about others . then there are those managers supporting both modi . best one most likely is autorun manager , my favorite i used for quite a while . now your question is specifically about startup manager . as you can see in its app description , and like i have written above , this app just cares for the boot_completed event : it does disable/enable startup items from system boot . its permissions do not include SUPERUSER ( aka root ) , so it cannot modify receivers/listeners . so it most likely just " kills " the apps when they start . prove on that you again can find in the app 's description : note : for android 2.2 and higher os non-rooted devices , some processes will restart themselves right after being disabled . they would not do so if they were really disabled . but many apps do so when being killed . autorun manager , which i have mentioned before , supports both modi : if used in " basic mode " ( which does not require root ) , it kills configured apps on start . in " advanced mode " ( requires root ) it " silences " their listeners , so they never receive the event broadcast and thus do not automatically start .
from a gnu/linux-based os , you can use heimdall , an open-source alternative to odin which is proported to match odin feature-for-feature while also being more reliable . otherwise , you can follow any of the many tutorials for installing a new android rom . i will provide a bit more information to help you start your journey : if you want a custom rom like cyanogenmod or any of the dozens which are available in precompiled packages for specific devices , then you will need to use heimdall to flash a custom recovery image ( twrp or clockworkmod recovery ) . the zipped rom images are flashable through these recovery modes . if you want stock , samsung android/touchwiz then you can use heimdall to flash over the entire android image from samsung . ( google around to find the one for your model ) if you want to compile android yourself , you will likely want a custom recovery image ( twrp or clockworkmod recovery ) and you can download the android source code or if you want to modify existing custom roms , you can download their respective source and compile it yourself . you had need to hunt down some in-depth android compiling tutorials in order to do this , as it is not a simple process . note : before flashing anything to your device , make sure that you match the model numbers !
okay , i figured out how to set the good ol ' voice commands app as the default voice commands interface . it has to be done while not connected to a hands free device via bluetooth . tap into the phone app tap the phone app 's microphone icon in my case a prompt appeared asking me to select the default app to handle voice commands . thereafter , it is used the correct voice commands app when connected via bluetooth . for those who wanted to know how to disable google now , here 's how it is done : swipe up from the home icon to activate google now scroll all the way to the bottom tap the overflow menu ( three vertical dot icon ) tap settings tap google now tap the off/on switch in the upper-right to disable google now
if you do not install the google apps package the first time , you will not have access to anything that relies on google 's services framework . this means things like : google play google talk google maps the gmail application . . . etc , will not function on your device because they will lack the libraries needed to run . you do not need to re-install the google apps package every time you update cyanogenmod . it will essentially back up your current ones and then re-install them during the flashing process . simply flash the updated rom however you normally would .
you can also get an app on facebook that will grab your twitter feed . that is what i do and it does a pretty good job .
android never removes applications from its memory , unless it has no memory left , then it initiates a low memory warning to unused applications and kills them when needed . . . android webviews ( the default android implementation of web browser ) consume lots of memory , and so is firefox 's implementation of their web browser . actually , gecko ( firefox 's rendering engine ) is much slower and a bigger memory consumer than android 's default webkit rendering engine . so when you exit firefox on your android , the memory is probably nearly full , the system kills it , but firefox has a mechanism that saves the urls of the previously opened tabs , and though it starts the application again ( and not resuming it ) it loads everything you left open again . . . and no , 512mb are no enough , android 2.3 takes approx 300mb to run .
izzy’s answer is misleading . two unrelated things were mixed up ( the vendor id list in adb on one side and the permission setup in linux on the other side ) . 1 ) devices considered by adb : adb has a hard-coded list of usb vendor ids it tries . e.g. htc mobile phones use 0xbb4 , which is listed ( source file usb_vendors . c ) , while 0x2207 is not . the only way to add to this list ( without patching the source ) is to put vendor ids in the file $HOME/.android/adb_usb.ini , line by line . ( home is set up right ? ) no special cable is needed . 2 ) permission setup for non-root access : the udev-fiddling is to give user-access to e.g. /dev/bus/usb/002/009 ( bus number/device number change ; see lsusb for current values ) . the details of this are not relevant to the original poster’s question , as he ran adb as root .
as far as i know : not at all . each user account is strictly separated from another and there is no shared folder or app sharing concept at the moment . i have not checked your specific question in detail , however each user has their strictly separated userdata partition where everything is stored ( even their media , on nexus devices ) and cannot access any other 's data residing in their userdata section , which includes user installed apps ( they are in /data/app/ ) .
core media formats table from official android developer site states that flac decoder is integrated and available by default in android 3.1 and newer versions . so if you want flac decoder for your stock media player , you either need to get your device upgraded to ics ( 4.0 ) or you can switch to another media player ( such as andless or winamp ) that has its own playback libraries to support multiple codec formats including flac .
it appears it is not possible , even on gmail.com, according to this answer . gmail does understand the " eom " tag at the end of the subject and will not prompt you about having an empty message body if that exists anywhere in the subject ( even if it is the only thing in the subject ) .
this issue gets pretty clear by the second screenshot , which i will repeat here : battery usage ( click image for larger variant ) please pay attention to its lower half , just below the graph , and let me point out some details : mobile network signal : this bar has no black , which means the radio was on all the time . further , the colors indicate a relatively weak signal ( see my answer here for details ) , which most likely caused the device to permanently watch out for a " stronger signal source " , powering up the radio for that , and consuming energy for this task . wi-fi : again , a continuous bar , so wifi was turned on the whole time , consuming energy again . interim result at this place : with all sync on ( as it is by default ) , the device would also permanently synchronize your data ( in intervals , of course ) – contacts , calendars , etc . pp . – which again consumes battery . awake : this bar clearly shows your device was not in " permanent standby " . you always find " blue spots " on it , even during your sleep period ( which most likely is , where the screen on graph is black but there are blue spots on the " awake " graph – i.e. most of the " last third" ) charging : continuous black , so no charger was connected . guess where the juice had to come from then : ) conclusion : pretty normal behaviour , though i cannot speak precisely how much battery-use would be normal ( that depends on too many factors unknown to me , as e.g. apps installed , sync intervals , " consumption specifications " of device components , and so on ) . if you feel it should last longer , consider switching to airplane mode at night ( or turning at least wifi off ) . there are even tools available which would automate this – some of them e.g. mentioned with my above linked answer .
the attender from htc asked me to remove my exchange account and add it again , and the problem is solved .
check that the following setting is ticked : settings-> wireless and networks-> mobile networks-> data enabled also verify that the access point name settings are correct and the correct access point is chosen . you should be able to find the details of what it should be on the vodafone website . the settings are at : settings-> wireless and networks-> mobile networks-> access point names
you can not directly mount the internal storage . you need to be rooted to view it on your phone , or you can use adb pull from the android sdk tools to copy it off the device .
to break the upper/lower limits of device settings , you had most likely need to tweak your rom , which requires the device to be rooted . i know there are some solutions for volume limits around ( "booster" ) , so i will not rule out they do exist here as well . to work around system settings at the " lower end " , as it is your intention , you might e.g. want to take a look at screen filter : applies a shade that acts as a dimmer to ensure your eyes do not hurt . far more powerful than android 's built-in brightness setting . great for low-light gaming , web browsing , and ebook reading . it even saves battery life for amoled displays ! so this app uses a trick by adding a semi-transparent layer on top of what is displayed , which makes the display appear " darker " . then there is also night mode , which has a similar goal ( and uses a similar method to reach it ) : night mode 's main goal is to reduce the brightness of your screen lower than you can achieve with the default settings . this application applies an overlay filter that acts as a dimmer to darken the screen and ensure your eyes do not hurt . pick your choice -- or check for another . where there are two , there might be more ( super dimmer , screen dimmer , screen filter , . . . ) . a playstore search will be your friend here ( note that that is also all what i did -- i did not use any of those solutions myself , so no guarantees : )
i ended up getting the digital to analog converter off amazon . i tried the suggestion of onik but galaxy nexus has different 3.5mm jack than other galaxy phones . i even tried my old htc incredible video out cable that goes through a modified microusb but i did not fit the galaxy nexus microusb port . there was no solution , that i could find , for an analog video other than the digital to analog converter . i installed it today and it works perfectly so i my phone mirrors to my head units display without a hitch . the only trouble i ran into was powering the ac powered unit . i already had a dc to ac converter so i just plugged the ac power of the video converter box in to the power converter box and hit it away in my glove box ( many conversions , haha . ) it looks seamless until you open the glove box .
if your device is rooted , and you have a custom recovery installed : wipe the dalvik cache . next boot will take a little longer ( as the dalvik cache has to be rebuilt ) , but the problem should be gone . if the above is not an option , you could try to backup the affecgted apps and their data using e.g. helium backup , then uninstall the apps , and restore them ( including their data ) from their backup . this way their dalvik cache would be rebuilt as well , you do not lose your data , and helium can do that in a batch-process to save you a bunch of clicks .
you can place . m3u files anywhere on sdcard which is under reach of media scanner . playlist will be displayed in music player once media scanner will complete scanning sdcard . path of system-created playlists ( playlists are common to all music players ) : /data/data/com.android.providers.media/databases/external-xxxxxxx.db where xxxxxxxx are random numbers . path can be slightly different based on android versions and devices . if you want to backup your playlists , i would recommend you to use titanium backup .
i am not aware of an official changelog anywhere , but you can look at the commit log on the git repository here . anything between the 2.2_r1.3 tag and the 2.2.1_r1 tag was a change added in 2.2.1 . the summary : it is basically just bugfixes , hence why it is a smaller increment ( as opposed to 2.2-&gt;2.3 , for example ) . note : if you are getting a 2.2.1 update from a carrier then they may have added other changes to their own software , so the above applies to the android os itself and not any additional components .
the source code for the adb exploit used in the superoneclickroot tool is available : http://stealth.openwall.net/xsports/rageagainstthecage.tgz . you would have to crosscompile rageagainstthecage . c ( after reviewing it of course . . . ) for arm5 and then do the whole adb thing , descibed for example here in thread no . 844966 at xda-dev ( my one link was already used up , sorry ) . i do not speak from experience however .
yes , background data is always enabled since ice cream sandwich . see the note in the documentation for android.net.ConnectivityManager.getBackgroundDataSetting(): as of ICE_CREAM_SANDWICH , availability of background data depends on several combined factors , and this method will always return true . instead , when background data is unavailable , getActiveNetworkInfo() will now appear disconnected . vending ( the internal name for the android market , in fact com.android.vending ) uses C2DM to receive install requests ( take a look at its application manifest ; even on ics , it still has c2dm receivers ) . afaik , c2dm only works when background data is available . some time ago , i read a blog post somewhere ( which unfortunately i am not finding right now ) explaining how the android market ( the post was from before it was renamed ) worked . iirc , even when you asked to install an application directly on your device ( instead of indirectly via the https://market.android.com/ web site ) , all it did was to send a request to the google servers , which then sent your device ( via c2dm ) an install request . this explains why vending needs background data&mdash ; it cannot do anything without being able to receive requests via c2dm from the google servers . i do not know about google talk , but from what i have heard , it has used c2dm since before c2dm was available to the public . again , this would explain why it needs background data to work . afaik , background sync is completely separate from background data , other than the fact that obviously it cannot sync in the background if background data is disabled , and the fact that you could change it from within the sync screen in the settings application .
in xperia u you will get in to safe mode when you keep taping on menu button while the phone is booting . safe mode prevents any third-party apps from running . so if you have installed an app that might cause some serious problems with your device , boot it in safe mode to uninstall it . you can boot into normal mode by a simple restart .
you can not make the widget change from analogue to digital , but you can replace the analogue one from a digital one . hold your finger on the clock widget and drag it to the delete icon to remove it . then , to add a digital clock widget , go to the app drawer and click widgets , and find digital clock in the list . hold your finger on the digital clock to pick it up , and drag it where you like on the home screen .
to the date , there is no functionality to disable this feature . actually this was implemented to make it easier for the user to recognize and remeber the number easily . i did some search and found out that other people have the same problem as well . what i suggest is to move on to a custom dialer app which suit you the best , if this grouping feature really annoys you .
if you want sane information , i recommend sane commands : ) ( no offense meant , just kidding ) . so the question should read : how to obtain log information from an android device ? and now we are on the better side . there are multiple approaches which can be used : utilize apps to display ( color-coded ) log information utilize adb ( part of the android sdk ) to remotely extract the very same information use ssh from remote ( or a local terminal app ) to aquire the information directly from the device to fully handle this topic it takes more than this simple answer ( if interested , you can e.g. find more detailed information on many web sites , or in andrew hoog 's book android forensics : investigation , analysis and mobile security for google android , which i had the honour to translate into german . there are probably many other sources as well . so i will just give a few examples here to get you started : utilizing apps the probably best known app in this context is alogcat , available for free in the playstore ( and the dev will happily accept your donation for the other variant of the same app ) . you will find a screenshot below 1 . the app allows you to filter the logs , to start/stop recording log messages , and even to store the recorded snippets to your sd-card -- of course in plain text , as you requested . another app in this section is log collector , which simply tries to grab the entire available log and send it via the share menu 2 . the android debug bridge ( adb ) the android software development kit ( sdk ) includes the adb command for various tasks . amongst many others , it offers the adb shell to execute commands on the device . using this , you can gather your desired log information as well : just prefix below commands with adb shell . command prompt on the device using a terminal app ( e . g . android terminal emulator or terminal ide ) you can access the logs directly at the command prompt , locally on your device . a little more comfortable , this can be done running a ssh server ( e . g . droidsshd or dropbear ssh server ) on your device , and access it from your computer . this way you can work on a big screen , while investigating your logs . commands to access your log information there are a lot of powerful commands you can use to access your log information from the command line , and i will only give a few examples here . dmesg the dmesg command extracts the kernel log : logcat with logcat , you can access many logging information -- but most times , this will require root . it has some parameters to filter the information , e.g. by selecting the log buffer to read with -b . please read the information provided on the developers page on logcat for details . to give you two examples : logcat -b events would list up events , or logcat -b radio information on your device 's radio modul . dumpsys and dumpstate the two commands dumpsys and dumpstate give you detailed system information : bugreport and if you are too lazy to remember them all , simply use the bugreport command -- which calls all above and bundles it for a nice , humm , bug report to the developer . . . of course , you can redirect the output from all those commands to a file to copy to your computer , and in most cases you should do so -- as your screen buffer would be far too small to handle it all : bugreport &gt; /mnt/sdcard/bugreport.txt would be one example for that part .
hardware wise , they are almost identical ( at least to some of the us versions of the galaxy s ) but there are some differences some of the differences are : the galaxy s has 3 hardware buttons ( menu , home and back ) , the nexus s has 4 ( back , menu , search and home ) . these are the buttons below the screen . the nexus s has slightly curved glass the nexus s has an nfc chip the nexus s does not have a microsd slot . the nexus s has a flash for the rear 5mp camera the galaxy s supports bluetooth 3.0 , nexus s , bluetooth 2.1 in terms of software : the galaxy s uses the samsung rfs for a lot of the file system , the nexus s uses ext4 ext4 performs a lot better then rfs does the galaxy s runs the samsung touchwiz 2.2 ( froyo ) modified version of android , the nexus s runs " stock " android 2.3 ( gingerbread ) here is a screenshot of the i9000
i think you should be able to use adb on your phone while in recovery . adb devices should show something along the lines of YOUR_DEVICE recovery . once you have access to your device in recovery , you can mount the data partition using adb shell busybox mount /data and then you can use adb pull to pull data from the data partition , for example : adb pull /data/ phone_data/ will save the entire contents of your /data partition ( which includes apps , wifi settings and app preferences ) to phone_data in your current directory . if you want to pull data from your sd card for some reason , simply do adb pull /sdcard/ phone_sdcard/ . note : i prefer using twrp ( which you can find for your device here ) , so if any of the above steps do not work you should try using it .
it sounds like you might be getting the " ding " noise discussed on this google groups post : thanks for the question . the alert chime you here indicates is a prompt for an upcoming driving maneuver . it plays in places where the text-to-speech engine is either unsupported or unavailable , but it also may play if the data connection becomes flaky during guidance and navigation is not able to process a road name in time .
i do not know about the default browser being able to -- but searching the playstore for incognito browser yielded a bunch of promising results : inbrowser promises to be a fully featured incognito/private browsing experience for android 1.6 and upwards including honeycomb and ice cream sandwich . looks like it knows nothing else than " incognito browsing " ( i.e. . no other mode ) . rated 4.3 stars with 2000+ votes , it sounds very promising . incognito private browser seems to be comparable . again a 4.3 star rating , but not yet 100 votes ( too new , i guess ) frost lite - private browser is a third example i want to mention here : rated 4.4 stars at about 1,500 votes it seems to be more feature-rich than aforementioned browsers ( e . g . offers tabbed browsing ) . for more details , just follow the links . for more examples , use the first link to my playstore search results . i would like very much to offer you a solution for the pre-installed browser as well -- but unfortunately , i a ) do not know any , and b ) i think it unlikely . of course i love to learn better -- so anybody , please correct me if i am wrong with my assumption : )
from the jorte help pages : select menu \u2192 Settings \u2192 Data Syncronization if " select synsapplication " is not checked , tap on " select synsapplication " and have it checked . when the " calendar " item is checked , synchronizing will start immediately .
the milestone is an unofficial port , and usb tethering is not yet supported . there is a feature request on their issue tracker for this . the most recent comment on the above mentioned ticket indicates that it is been fixed as of 7.1.0-rc15 and should now be included .
there is an option to minimize the unlock section by default in the lock screen section of the settings app . maximize widgets show widgets maximized and the unlock minimized when the screen is turned on .
i assume you are talking about the youtube app . as far as i know videos are only preloaded when your phone is charging and connected to wifi . when a video is preloading it shows a little white arrow pointing down on the bottom right of the video ( when viewing your watch it later list ) . when it has fully preloaded it shows a green circle with a white down arrow in it . the files are stored in /sdcard/android/data/com . google . android . youtube/files/ then there will be another folder ( mine is seemingly random numbers ) . within this there is one file per preloaded video . as far as i can tell they are not able to be played with anything other than the youtube app . this screenshot shows videos that have been preloaded :
regarding the battery , there is an lte toggle on the market which might help . you can find a blog post about it here . this is a major culprit , and from what i have seen there is no native way to disable lte as you can wimax on sprint 's phones ( i do not own an thunderbolt , i have just been reading about them so i am not sure how accurate this is ) . that being said , battery life has been a pretty common complaint with the thunderbolt thus far . for text messages you could try a new sms client and see if it helps . handcent seems to be the popular choice ( i am a fan of it ) , but there is also some others like chompsms or go sms . it may be an issue you had need to bring up with verizon , though , if the problem persists across sms clients .
cyanogenmod 11 has a built-in mechanism for checking for updates . go to Settings -&gt; About Phone -&gt; CyanogenMod updates there you can toggle when your device will query for an update and on what release channel ( release and development being stable and nightly respectively ) . when an update will appear click on it is icon to download and install , from there , it will do everything for you .
ok , so this problem reoccurred a couple more times until i realised it seemed to happen after my phone restarts and sorts itself out after killing a few running services i did not need . i narrowed it down to an app called announcify . the lesson for me , and others , is to try selectively killing services to troubleshoot any such problems in future .
there is no reason a class 10 card would not work . the card being faster should not break anything . i can find no evidence that the acer liquid metal detects and behaves badly with a fast card , or does not use the sd card specifications properly , or anything like that .
try following these instructions : 1 ) open the command prompt and navigate to your sdk/platform-tools/ folder . 2 ) type adb tcpip 5555 with your device plugged in 3 ) type adb connect &lt;your device ip address&gt;:5555 4 ) at this point you unplug your device and type adb logcat 5 ) at times , such as unplugging/plugging into a usb device , the logcat will become disconnected , just redo steps 3 and 4 . from my answer here .
i also had the same issue . incase you are on vodafone network , try and select vodafone gprs as ur default settings . it worked for me the same way . hope this suggestion helps
as i wrote in my comment , there are some special characters needing extra care when working at the shell prompt ( or in shell scripts ) . one of them is the $ sign , which usually indicates a variable . if that should be taken literally , you need to escape it ( or enclose the entire string by single quotes ) . similar rules for quotation marks . how your command should look like with an escaped $ , you can already find in eldarerathis ' answer : shell@android:/ # am start -n com.android.settings/.Settings\$PowerUsageSummaryActivity  note the " back-slash " in front of the $ -- that is the escape sign . use the same for quotation marks or blanks , if your command includes some to be taken literally , e.g. myscript.sh first\ parameter\! myscript.sh "first parameter!"  both would do the same : making the string a single parameter . in the example of your am start command , this is what happened on parsing : command : am parameter 1: start parameter 2: -S parameter 3: com.android.settings/.Settings$PowerUsageSummaryActivity has a $ , interpreting : variable $PowerUsageSummaryActivity is not set , so empty conclusion : parameter 3 is com.android.settings/.Settings note also that if you run this directly via adb shell , the command goes through shell parsing twice , so you need to escape or quote the command again , like this : user@desktop:~$ adb shell am start -n 'com.android.settings/.Settings\$PowerUsageSummaryActivity' 
thank you all . i got the solution here
just long-tap that network on the list and click " forget network " . android will only autoconnect to networks it has previously connected to and still remembers .
had the same problem with my kids profile . finally solved , but it required root grants ! this is what i did : close all running [ app ] instances . from command prompt start adb shell : c:> adb shell switch to root user ( your device must be rooted ) : shell> su go to in target profile directory : root> cd /data/user/ [ profile_user_id ] for example : profile_user_id==10 for first restricted profile . rename directory ( to have a back up copy ) root> mv [ app_dir ] [ app_dir ] . old copy app data from main profile ( id=0 ) to new profile : root> cp -r /data/user/0/ [ app_dir ] . change owner for files just copied : root> find [ app_dir ] | xargs chown [ app_user ] : [ app_group ] restart device ( not sure if it is really needed ) . hope this helps .
you should be able to use adb backup which is takes a complete backup of the phone . you will need to install the android sdk but this should allow you to backup the whole device backup there are a number of parameters you can supply but the simplest way to do a full backup is to run : adb backup -all -f C:\backup.ab more info can be found on this xda post which although it uses a galaxy nexus it should apply to any 4.0+ device restore with your device connected open your command prompt again , and type : adb restore C:\backup20111230.ab  replacing ' c:\backup20111230 . ab ' with the location of your backup file . you should see a screen like the one below : simply type in your current encryption password ( if you have set one ) , and the password with which the backup was encrypted ( if you chose to set a password ) , and the restore will begin . it again will take several minutes depending on the size of the backup and the options chosen .
i restored my phone to the factory defaults and had not had the problem in several weeks . unfortunately , the problem is back and i am left only to assume that my phone is defective .
this is the download firmware mode . it can be used to upgrade official firmware via samsung 's own odin software ( or the 3rd party heimdall ( also here ) ) . it is also used to install a custom aftermarket firmware like cyanogenmod . actually it allows more but installing firmware is the most common use .
the 1280x800 pixels count for the whole display , including the black bar for the buttons . google decided to stay flexible by moving physical buttons to the touch screen permanently . benefits : no capacitive buttons needed ( cheaper ? ) better user experience : rotating 90,180,270 degrees rotates also the virtual buttons less frame space ( the button 's space belongs to the screen now ) you can hide the buttons in full view ( e . g . , video playing ) maybe : avoid apples infamous rectangle with a single button tablet design patent
i was unable to resolve the issue through all types of hard/cold resets/reboots ( pwr+vol , pwr for 30 seconds , hard reset pin , etc ) , so i returned to amazon and received a working tablet today . it appears that mine was just doa .
i am not sure if it is the same on older systems , but on ics it appears to save directly to /data/data/com.android.settings/files/wallpaper . i set mine from the browser , pulled that file , then changed it to a . png extension and viola - it was the image i had set . it also appears that this file simply gets overwritten when you change your wallpaper , so i do not see a way to recover one once it is changed unless you have a copy of the image somewhere else . this also appears to be where it is saved on cyanogenmod 7 , so it is possible that this is the " standard " location ( certainly a good place to check , at least ) .
go to settings &#8594 ; storage and tap on the overflow menu in the top right ( on a device with a physical menu key , you may need to press that instead ) . this should bring up a menu item labeled " usb computer connection": tap on that , and it will give you a list with possible connection modes . uncheck everything that you do not intend to use . on my n5/cm11 there are only two options on this page : mtp and ptp . unchecking both causes the phone to simply charge when plugged into a pc . i have seen others that have an explicit " charge only " option , but i believe that is nonstandard .
others are reporting similar issues . is your build number 4.06 , 4.08 or other ? i would suspect that if you missed the initial rollout you will have to wait a bit , since they would want to do it gradually and not overload the network . you might get prompted again later or they might enable manual upgrades at some point . verizon says you can update over wi-fi , though again it looks to be an automatic thing rather than manual , but maybe you will get a second notification if you connect to wi-fi .
issue only happens when ad-hoc is enabled . see here for more info : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=872521
i recommend using the android emulator if you want to experiment with android without buying a device . liveandroid is not supported by google and it has not been updated in quite a while . it could be that your video card is not supported . i would also recommend using vmware player instead of virtualbox if you really want to use liveandroid .
there is andropen office andropen office is the world 's first port of openoffice for android . you can view , edit , export office documents using full features of the openoffice . andropen office has 6 components : writer ( a word processor ) calc ( spreadsheet ) impress ( presentation graphics ) draw ( drawing ) math ( equation editor ) base ( database ) * andropen office is forked project from the apache openoffice project . andropen office is not affiliated with the apache openoffice project .
that option does not give or take the ability to see other people callerid , it only let 's you choose whether the people you are calling see your callerid or not .
touiteur has been updated today and now has filtering . please note that this feature may just be the paid version . i will update this answer with a link and qr code when i have confirmed those details . edit : it would seem that filtering is not a premium feature . the filtering can be found under the mute settings in touiteur -> more -> mute . you can choose to mute text ( inc . hashtags ) , users and apps ( sources ) . touiteur homepage
no - as far as i can tell you can not change the menu in an application ( unless that application specifically has that feature ) . you could try downloading another browser like opera , firefox 4 , or dolphin ( just to name a few ) . that being said , if you still want to use the default browser , you can " long-press " on the address bar and a context menu will pop up with the option to " share page " . you can use that instead . hope this helps .
i had the same issue on my n7 . the answer for me was to lock the boot loader , then unlock it again . hope this helps and saves some time instead of flashing the entire os .
install google maps . under settings from menu select ' edit home or work '
as of now ( unless someone can correct me ) there is no app that will monitor sprint 4g wimax data . although , it can be found by calling information *4 from a sprint phone and pressing 4 to hear details of the individual phone use . the 4g data will be listed , and can be sent in a text message to the phone ( if desired ) by pressing 2 .
there is a paid app called eprint , which i believe works locally to printers attached to a wireless network ( printers themselves do not need to be wireless ) and does not appear to use a cloud service or need a pc in most cases . they have a free eprint version that you can use to test the functionality before you pay for the full eprint version . next there is printbot , this " network printer driver " supports 1,000s of printer types connected to a local network . the free version lets you print a few pages to test , the full paid printbot pro licensed version is unlimited . try both of those out and see which one works with your printer and apps . there are also some free proprietary apps that work with specific hardware , hp eprint should work , but only to hp printers ( both older network enabled ones and newer eprint enabled networked ones ) , samsung mobileprint should work ( but only for samsung printers ) . motoprint lets you print to a lot of different printer types as long as they are connected to a wireless network ( do not have to be wireless printers ) , annoyingly you can only install it on motorola devices , so not putting down as an answer for you but someone else might find it useful .
all that host-based card emulation ( hce ) does is it enables app authors to support more hardware : that is , devices that do not have the necessary secure element hardware . developers of apps that previously made contactless transactions using the secure element will now be able to make their apps work on devices that do not have that hardware . however , using hce is less secure than using a hardware secure element , so it is likely that payment card operators will choose not to support this . secure payment cards the obstacle that stops you reading your own cards into your phone ( cloning the cards ) is not related to the phone 's technology : it is because the card is designed to prevent this . the card contains a secret number that can not be accessed via an nfc transaction . to be more precise , there is no sanctioned way to do this : security researchers and criminals have found ways to use flaws in the design to clone various contactless payment cards . i would not recommend doing this , as doing so may constitute a criminal offence where you are , and will almost certainly make you liable for your bank 's losses should anything go wrong . in summary : the only difference that hce makes is that if your bank already offers an app to do this , but it does not work on your phone , it might ( if your bank chooses ) work after you upgrade to android 4.4 . door cards , etc . unlike the high-security payment cards , with processors and secret numbers , door entry cards and tags and the like often just have an id , which they present to the card reader . such cards are already very easy to clone . the main obstacle has been getting the the phone to present the desired id , and hce means there may well be an explosion of apps that are made for just this use case . ( see also can i clone my ( mifare classic ) access card with an android device ? . ) however , the long-term result of this is likely to be that door entry systems are changed to use challenge-response protocols and thus become harder to clone .
sounds to me like you only have one " image chooser " app installed , and you would need to install another . i know es file explorer registers itself as one , so if you install that maybe it will show up in the menu and then you can use it to browse to your icons .
most likely the video player registered a listener to be notified on " usb connected " . if you want to keep the app but get rid of that annoyance , the only way goes via root . you will not need a custom rom for that -- just an app like autorun manager pro which allows you to disable listeners of any app : as the screenshot shows , autorun manager lists up all apps along with their registered listeners . check here for your video player app , find the responsible listener , and remove the checkmark in front of it . that should do it . if you do so for some apps , and some day decide to remove autorun manager , your restrictions would persist unless you reset them before uninstalling arm ( the app has a " revert " option , and can even revert all changes at once ) . if you forgot that , and want to re-enable disabled listeners , the only way is to re-install the affected app ( not arm , that will not help as it remembered its actions in its settings , which are removed when you uninstall the app ) .
if the water finds its way into the circuitry and causes a short , that could be bad , but i do not think there is any good way to quantify how likely that is to happen to any phone . i have a moto droid and get it a little wet all the time and have never had a problem , although i have heard of people bricking their phone under the same circumstances . if you do actually get it wet and it dies , it may not be bricked . after it dries out it will probably work again . you can aid the process by putting the phone in some rice or just blowing dry warm air on it . it is also worth noting that many phone manufacturers install moisture detecting stickers inside the phone . on the droid it can been seen through a little hole under the battery cover that shows red plus signs on a white background . if that gets wet , it'll bleed and that way if you try to return a broken phone and say it just died the tech can see if you got the phone wet , and even if that is not why it died , it'll void your warranty .
perform a factory reset then write to the memory and reset again . this is the best way i have found to prevent data remnance . i was aware that with a magnetic based drive there is almost always data remnanace . i believe the standard to effectively erase info on a magnetic drive is erasing and re-writing over the drive 7-20 times ( do not quote me on those number ) . i was under the impression that once you erased data from flash storage it was gone for good but recalled the story of a woman finding porn on her refurbished evo . so , i asked about data remnance at superuser on flash memory and found that data sometimes can remain after it is deleted . the recommendation there was : formatting , writing to the memory and formatting again . to format , as the answers above suggested , i performed a factory reset . this can be done one of two ways on the droid : go to the " settings " menu , choose " privacy " then choose " factory data reset " do a hard reset ultimately i just did the factory reset because i was too lazy to load the system memory up and i suspect that 99.99% the factory reset is sufficient , but it is good to know what the risks are .
problem may be caused by http proxy server . proxies help to manage web traffic on the providers end , but can and probably will disrupt access to local addresses . proxy options may be available in your network settings , but on many phones these options are hidden . an app such as http proxy settings will give access to the hidden settings . simply clear out the hostname and port for un-proxied access . make sure to write down original values so changes can be undone .
there is not anything built in but you can use an app such as changelog droid . you would need to add the apps you wish to be notified for to the observed list within the app .
it just can not be done . similarly whatsapp too does not work on non gsm devices .
http://forum.xda-developers.com/wiki/samsung_galaxy_s_plus/gt-i9001 this might help , it might not . do let us know .
oh dear , the moment i offer a bounty on this question , i bump into the solution myself . cyanogenmod has a " dev tools " app . in " development settings " in this app , uncheck " show running processes " to make this go away .
following this worked : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?p=30206455 . basically i flashed zimage from fixrecovery . tar and removed my sim ( do not know why that works , it is probably not required ) .
well i finally figured this out , after racking up 800mb of upload and 3.5mb of download with my exchange email over 2 days . . . i had tried to send someone an 8mb pdf and it never sent successfully . . . so it tried again , and again , and again , and again . the email was stuck in my outbox and could not be deleted . i would get " server error " messages ( derp ! ) . the solution was to de-couple the device from exchange , completely removing that account , thereby deleting the message , and then re-registering the device . now all is as it should be . . . long story short -- keep an eye on your outbox !
this is happening because of an issue ( or a feature ? ) on stock samsung firmware . whenever you reboot the phone , the " show notifications " setting of apps that were moved to sd card will revert to its original state , which is to allow notifications . the work-around is to move the app back to the phone , and the setting will persist across reboots .
app data usually go below /data/data/&lt;package_name&gt; ( in case of chrome : /data/data/com.android.chrome ) . but those directories are only accessible by the app itself , and by the system/root – so unless your device is rooted , you will not have much luck checking there . concerning the file-system hierarchy , you might wish to first consult the file-system tag-wiki , and then follow up to android folder hiearchy .
hmmm . did you definitely tick the ' transparent proxy ' option ? that tells it to make everything go through the proxy . another thing i have noticed when using it is that it can be quite specific with a proxy - my school uses microsoft tmg , and has the proxy as ' tmg ' in browsers , but proxydroid needs the full url to the system ( which is tmg . academy . ( myschoolwebsiteurl ) . co . uk )
task killing is never a solution when it comes to " preserving battery " . as you discovered , most things restart themselves automatically . what could help , however , is ( temporarily ) turn off all services you do not need -- after all , it is just for that one run , and ( as you already pointed out ) you can resign from some of them : do you need a data connection for runkeeper ? if not : switch it off , that would save the most . if it is really needed : disable account synchronization , and do the same for all apps which are periodically syncing ( e . g . rss reader and the like ) . while running , you will not pickup phone calls anyway -- switch off the radio ( if no data are needed : just switch to airplane mode . while in airplane mode , you still can enable some services separately , such as e.g. bluetooth and gps ) . big savings again minor things include bluetooth . i do not think you want to listen to music via a bt headset while running -- so switch it off . if you really need audio , use a wired headset . display : turn brightness down as much as possible . if it is rarely turned on , this might not have much effect -- but it contributes . some apps which you will not need " on the run " might offer to exit them completely . do so . this altogether should save a lot of juice -- and should preserve enough power for 5h runkeeper with gps , i would say . good luck , and have a successful double-marathon ( one for you running , and one for power-saving ; ) !
it is required for phones ( at least in europe and us ) to allow emergency calls without requiring the user to unlock the phone or the sim card . you can always make an emergency call when you are in a cell coverage area and the phone has power . it is a safety feature , which guarantees you can use any phone in an emergency to get assistance , regardless of the state the phone is in . take this scenario : you are in a car crash and your own phone breaks . an unconscious friend 's cell phone is working , but it has a pattern/pin/password lock on it , or it lost power but boots to the sim pin screen . the feature guarantees that you can make the call without knowledge of the correct pattern/pin/password . the numbers you can call with this feature are restricted to the most common or regional emergency numbers , and are translated by the carrier to the local emergency numbers if you are roaming . the exception to this are wifi-only tablets , which can not make calls at all . edit : if the device 's sim is locked , it detects the networks available and identifies it is own network , but does not register the device to the network . in the case of emergency calls , the phone does not need to be registered to the network , all calls to emergency numbers are allowed , regardless of the state of the sim or carrier subscription . even with no sim at all , the networks are detected and the carrier with the strongest signal is used .
the " device offline " output means that the device is detected , but it refuses any operation because the user did not allow that particular computer to connect ( secure adb ) . your device is up and running , and displaying a confirmation window on its non-functioning screen . you could try to power the device on and blindly hit the ok button after unlocking the screen , then all adb commands should work . alternatively , if you have used adb with another computer , try it with that . also , all devices offer some kind of id even in this state , displayed by " adb devices" ; this is the serial number most of the time . see if it is the right format . edit : " fastboot devices " should show the serial number too . also , it should be easy to put the n7 into fastboot mode even without a screen .
go to settings --> apps --> clear data and cache of launcher ( i think it is trebuchet ) .
this is too big for a comment , so here goes : both articles cite one and the same mcafee report . mcafee is a security products vendor , hardly an impartial observer to the malware scene . mcafee does not have products which for ios devices , but they most certainly do for android devices . and paid , too . turns out they might have for both platforms . i can not be bothered to install itunes to verify . android is the fastest-growing mobile platform , and with an absolutely crazy 73%+ growth rate , and now has 48% market share , compared to just 10% in the beginning of 2010 . no big surprise here -- this is just a marketing ploy by a security vendor to sell more products . the same trick they pulled off with other av vendors that they did with pcs in the mid-2000s . as an aside , security is not all that much platform-dependent as it is people-dependent . most of the largest security breaches are caused by social engineering attacks rather than technical limitations . i have yet to see with my eyes an android malware application , it has always been beyond me how people manage to get infected . see also this related question on whether you need av on your android ( short answer -- no ) . your phone should be secure as long as you use common sense while installing and using applications . do not trust anything that is on the market play store , the same way as you would not trust a random pc program , or a facebook " app " for that matter . ios and anrdoid security concerns pop here and there in the news occasionally , but from observing both markets for some time i am fairly convinced that both platforms offer reasonable ( technical ) protection to their users , and offending applications are removed with short notice . google has even removed malware applications from devices without user discretion at least once .
i just double-checked mine , and it boots fine without the charger ( battery at 64% ) . i suspect your unit is faulty .
summing up from the comments : this very much depends on . . . the rom used the update format chosen for a specific update some roms ( e . g . cyanogenmod ) come with their own " updaters " , where special rules might apply . specifically , they might deliver " patch updates " , where only some files will be replaced . in those cases , no further action is required ( except for , maybe , a reboot ) . some other roms ship in specific formats , and might require special tools to be flashed ( e . g . odin or heimdall for samsung devices ) . again other roms are delivered using the update.zip principle , where a custom recovery is needed to install them . this update.zip may be a complete rom , or also just a patch . instructions usually are to be found where the updates are offered for download . in all above cases , some " initial steps " required for the first rom install can be skipped and must not be repeated , including . . . rooting your device ( custom roms usually come pre-rooted ) unlocking the bootloader ( unless you have re-locked it ) installing a custom recovery ( when it is already there , no re-install is required ; though there might be updates to this as well , and a newer custom rom might require a minimum version here as well . again , instructions should say so ) it is always a good idea to perform a backup before installing updates ( or tampering with system stuff in any other way ) . points to check for include : nandroid backup : a full " sector-wise " copy of all the important partitions . if things go wrong altogether , this enables you to revert to the exact state of when these backups were created logical full-backup : this is performed by tools like titanium-backup , and usually includes all your apps and data . so if something is missing after the rom update , you can substitute the necessary parts . ( note that titanium backup also can do that with nandroid-backups ) adb backup : quite similar to the previous one ( see the backup wiki for details and differences ) . note also that an ota-update is quite unlikely to happen with custom roms . some even include an app named fota-kill to " silence " the related update check . they either bring their own updater , or none altogether . in the latter case , the user has to check himself whether and when updates are available ; often a " reminder " can be setup by subscribing to the corresponding thread on xda ( or wherever the rom comes from ) , but actions have to be taken manually ( as described above ) . as i have shown until here , videos on updating your rom most likely do not exist as the process already has been described as part of the initial video ; though a few words like " for updating , skip to index ab:cd " would be a good idea ( and could be suggested in the comments ) . a special case are the google-apps ( short : gapps ) . whether you have to re-install them or not mainly depends on whether it was a " full update " ( complete rom ) , or the update just replaced some files . but it is easy to figure : when finished , just check if they are there and working . if not , you obviously have to flash them again . as a full-update replaces the entire partition content , gapps would be gone with that ; a " patch-update " would just replace/add some files , and not touch the gapps , so they had still be there . gapps are never part of a custom rom ( if they are , the " rom cook " is in trouble due to license issues ) .
i doubt that something like an sms/mms virus exists or is " in the wild " . if this mms was really originating from your phone , than this could only be caused by an malicious app . now , there are two ways how any app can send/receive sms/mms : by having the appropriate permissions you can easily find out which app has requested , and since you installed it , granted , which permissions that app got granted . see this question for tools . by exploiting the android system if there is an root exploit within the android system and within the dalvik vm , any app could use it to do anything . afaik as of android 2.3.5 there are no public known exploits . not sure what is the state in case of android 2.1 sms history editing the sms history is not necessary . the history is part of the ( stock ) sms client . if an android app uses to api to send an sms/mms the history is not involved .
to detect tampering , firmware updates are signed and ( if you are using the recovery program that shipped with the phone ) the signature is verified before install . after a mandatory confirmation from you that the installation should start , after a reboot , the recovery program will first verify this signature and only then install the new firmware . note that you will always get a prompt for a rom update . besides allaying security concerns and giving you a bit more control over the proceedings , this gives you the opportunity to : make sure the battery is charged or that the phone is plugged into the mains . back up any data you fear may be lost should the upgrade go wrong . do a bit of research into the improvements in this firmware version , and decide whether it is worth your time . so yes , firmware updates are secure and even if you are concerned , an update to the actual os will not be installed without your confirmation .
i went to https://www.google.com/dashboard/b/0/ and found the section labeled " android device" ; that had a link labeled " more data stored about this device " . clicking that opened a popup window that showed a disappointingly short list of apps that had backed up some of their data : just some of the built-in apps from google .
i do not think there is a setting in adw that can do that . i use adw . ex and i looked through all the settings and did not see any way to achieve what your are asking for . it is , however , open source , so someone could implement the option for this , or you could request it to anderweb and he might add it to an update .
the xoom dock has a connector to the usb port for audio and stability . the back of the dock has a stereo out port . here is a link detailing the innards and how to convert to a plain usb . http://wordpress.greghausman.com/2011/05/08/motorola-xoom-usb-dock/
talkandroid . com has this list of the top 5 rss readers for andoid here . greader ( 3rd party app requires your google credentials ) feedr ( costs 1.99 ) fastreader ( 3rd party app requires your google credentials ) feedsquares ( 3rd party app requires your google credentials ) newsrob ( 3rd party app requires your google credentials )
the access point supports wi-fi protected setup ( wps ) , which allows easier connections to the ap . you can long press the ap to use this feature . see wikipedia for more info .
here is what i would do : clean way your sd card image is stored in the following location : ~/.android/avd/&lt;avd name&gt;.avd/sdcard.img  stackexchange-url so , if your avd is named screen_large , then your image file would be at : ~/.android/avd/SCREEN_LARGE.avd/sdcard.img  i am using a mac but i am sure the location for the . android folder should be inside of your ' user ' folder as well . you can then duplicate this file and then use it with another avd . less clean way copy all of your files/folders that you want off of the old image from adb : adb pull &lt;dir or file&gt;  how to use adb pull then , using adb create a brand new image : mksdcard &lt;size&gt; &lt;file&gt;  mksdcard can be found in the tools/ directory of your sdk folder . then load the avd with the new image : emulator -sdcard &lt;filepath&gt;  once the avd has loaded your new image , you can then push your files : adb push &lt;dir or file&gt;  info taken from google page : http://developer.android.com/tools/devices/emulator.html#sdcard i hope this helped !
i found the setting , and something interesting as well : Settings &gt; Accessibility &gt; Flash notification  when i came into the settings it was already unchecked , yet my phone was exhibiting behavior as if it was . i had to check the setting and exit the menus . then i went back in to uncheck the setting and exited the menus again . this time the setting took effect - my camera light is no longer flashing . hope this helps others in the same situation .
for this to work , your nexus 5 will need the " always listening " mode . it is not supported on this handset officially , but there are community developers working on enabling this feature . as of this writing , the development is still in a ( semi- ) working proof of concept stage .
having now read more about the apk file format , i think i can now safely answer my own question with " it is impossible " . an apk file does not contain a data structure which is " unpacked " on install like the packages used by , for example , most linux distributions . instead , an apk is simply a self-contained , rebadged jar file that contains the application 's bytecode , manifest and certificate and nothing else . the contents of /data/data/[appname] are presumably created by the application code when it is first run ( or at some future point ) , and there is no way of embedding such data into an apk so that the system automatically moves it to the correct destination at install time .
edited found the official source where can be read that the motorola droid x build was renamed to shadow : also worthy of note : the new release files have a slightly modified naming-scheme , including the codename instead of the commercial/common name in the filename . so the following is a handy “translation chart” to make sure you don’t mis-identify your device . . . . . . shadow - motorola droid x . . . original answer at cyanogenmod downloads , the build identified by cdma_shadow stopped at cm_shadow_full-154.zip ( the available links are broken ) . when they were resumed , they have been renamed to shadow , being shadow the codename for the droid x . droid x formerly known as droid xtreme , has the development codename " shadow " . cdma stands for : code division multiple access . it is the general system used for 3g services . related information : cdma technology - cdma is a wireless technology standard used by verizon wireless in all of its phones , and by certain other carriers in the countries listed at this link . trying further to justify this answer : here 's the metadata found at /META-INF/com/android/metadata for the cm-7-20120624-nightly-shadow . zip where can be seen the reference to the cdma_shadow : post-build=verizon/shadow_vzw/cdma_shadow/shadow:2.2.1/VZW/23.340:user/ota-rel-keys,release-keys post-timestamp=1289194863 pre-device=cdma_shadow  and yet the information presented on the menu hover effect : besides from this , the cyanogenmod documentation , forums and wiki pages reveal no better insight and are mentioned to be outdated . this seams to be the best official justification for the build rename .
the transfer was probably corrupted . the problem is probably with the host os , and not with your phone . what os and what program were you using to copy the files ? did you remember to " eject " the phone from the computer to make sure everything was synchronized ? are the files on the phone the right size ? if you plug the phone back into the computer can you look at them successfully there ? ( or try copying them off and looking at the copies . )
install the app from play store and use astro file manager to backup apps . from backup directory , you can get apk files of the installed app .
yes , it is : titanium backup can restore from nandroid backups ( which is what cwm created ) appextractor can extract individual apps/data from nandroid backups nandroid browser lets you . . . guess what : ) and then there is nandroid manager to browse them , restore single items , etc . further readings : the nandroid tag-wiki restore only part of nandroid image extract app data from nandroid / cwm backup
try uninstalling and then re-installing said app - be forewarned though that most ram boosters / memory cleaners are absolutely redundant in android . due to the nature of pre-loading your most used apps in order to give them better latency , there is little to no point of running these memory cleaners . in fact , by running them , you lose a bit of your battery as the os has to run the processor to select and pre-load other apps . yes - moving an app to the sd card usually prevents it from starting up at boot - this is also why widgets or apps that have some sort of notification / reminder / push message need to remain in internal memory . you can run a script ( if you are rooted ) or you can use an app like tasker / llama to run an app depending on a particular set of conditions .
from @eldarerathis -- do you have busybox installed ? have you tried mount -o bind /path/to/dir1 /path/to/dir2 ( i think the busybox version supports that on android ) ?
broadly speaking , if you have a " usb " cable that only connects pins 1 and 4 then you will get power and no data ( best buy was selling cables like that as universal usb charging cables a while back , not sure if they still do ) . likewise , if you have a cable with only 2 and 3 , you will get data but no power . if you are curious , here 's a wikipedia page with the standard usb pinout . note : micro uses the same pinout as usb a .
according to the google play business and program policies , you may re-install any app you have purchased , unlimited . ( also if the app has been updated since you bought it ) . based on my experience it works like that indeed : i have updated and re-installed paid apps without any issue . please note that the re-install/update also works on any other android device that uses the same google account .
maybe you are looking for something like nfcsecure . you can combine normal lock screen ( i.e. . swiping ) with an underlaying nfcsecure lock screen for better security ( only lets you in when scanned the needed nfc tag ) . your smartphone needs nfc capabilities and you need an nfc tag to carry around with you to unlock your phone . can not test this as my phone does not have nfc capabilities .
yes . see : can i install apps on phone without using the android market ? you can not install directly to the sd card . in many cases you can move much of the app and its data to the sd card , but the os and the app have to support it . even then , you need to install normally and then move it , and you can not move 100% . not without a custom rom , and maybe not even then .
i have found that if i search for an address ( or other location ) , not too long after that i get a card with driving directions to that location . if i tap the card , i am asked if i " care about travel time to this location " . usually i say no , but if i say yes i will have a new card that gives me the travel time to that location , just like for work or home . in case you are wondering , the place to edit your work or home is Settings | My stuff | Places... . only home and work are available for me , but maybe they will add some more custom locations in the future .
i now have gingeryoshi 1.5 running on my htc magic 32a , so i will answer my own question and explain how it went . as for the radio 6.35 , answer is yes , you can use it with the gingeryoshi for 32a new radio . here is how i swithed from 2.2.1 cm6.1 radio 3.22 to 2.3.5 gingeryoshi 1.5 radio 6.35 1 ) i reverted my htc magic back to the stock rom 1.5 + sense , this to simply revert to the new 6.35 radio . i did the update by connecting the phone to usb and running the ruu ruu_sapphire_htc_europe_3.05.401.1_test_signed_nodriver . exe 2 ) then i had to reinstall a recovery , as we have radio 6.35 we need a hero recovery , that is amonra 1.6.2 for hero ( the 1.7.0 wont work with magic ) 3 ) i flashed 1.76.2007 spl at this point only thing left is to flash gingeryoshi . from recovery , do a full wipe . ( i did not care about having an ext partition , so i left my sdcard untouched ) 4 ) flashing " ginger yoshi 1.5 new radio 32a . zip " from recovery following install procedure , answering the questions in order : - no ext - zeam launcher - no swap on ext - big density reboot : new htc logo with hiding bugdroid enjoy gingeryoshi 1.5 and android 2.3.5 , so far everything seems to be working fine , and no more troubles with my simcard . quadrant now gives 387 instead of 299 with cm6.1 :- )
this issue was solved under jelly beans .
try the smart swf player app .
android is not designed to let you control what is running and what not . a badly developed app can drain your power overnight . in such a case a reboot can improve the situation for a while . however if you encounter pre-installed apps running you never want to use you can disable them under settings -> apps . afterwards they can not be started anymore , neither manually by the user nor automatically .
there is no way to get gingerbread to prompt the host to verify rsa key as that is found in newer versions of android ( jellybean 4.1 and upwards ) . the only true method of hardening adb in the sense of prevention of communicating over the usb is to modify the kernel for that appropriate device and disable the usb functionality within it in such a way that when plugging in the usb cable , the kernel does not register it and ignores it as if nothing has happened . knock-on side effect - if your device starts boot-looping or mis-behaving , and you want to fix it , it will be trickier to get at it since usb functionality is disabled . since op mentioned its htc desire z , the kernel source should be available on cyanogenmod 's repository . tl ; dr : recompile your own kernel and remove the usb functionality . caveat emptor i am not responsible for any damage if you go down this route in modifying your own kernel .
i assume from your posting that resetting the phone fixed the problem ( temporarily ) . if you want the problem fixed for good , you can help by trying to narrow down the problem further . this will allow you to address the right people with a very specific request of what needs to be fixed . you should : try to reproduce the problem . install the apps you previously had on your phone one by one until the problem re-occurs . if you can not reproduce it , there is not much chance of getting this anywhere further . if you can reproduce it : try the offending application on a different type and brand of phone . if the problem exists on all phones , contact the author of the application about the problem and consider raising an issue with google on their issue tracker . otherwise try the offending application on a different phone of the same model and brand . if the problem occurs there too , contact htc telling them which application has that effect and on which phone is does have that effect . also consider filing and issue with google as above . otherwise , if only your phone is affected , it is probably save to assume it is a hardware defect with your phone . return it for repairs .
no , the stock android browser ( chrome ) does not have support for websocket . but other browsers e.g. opera has support for it in the latest release , but it is disabled . see compatibility tables for support of html5
you can do this with an app called grooveip : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.gvoip i have it on my og droid , which is no longer activated on vzw , and use it as my " house phone " with my google voice number .
i fixed it ! the trick was to clear the cache and data for google keyboard . settings => apps => all* => google keyboard => {clear data , clear cache} * be sure to go to ALL instead of RUNNING . the instance under RUNNING will not give you the correct data clearing options .
most probably the test is inconsistent . have you tried repeating the test at least 100 times to have pseudo-valid statistic results ? and are you sure the emulator is a valid platform on where to test such low-level things ? it may be optimised for the dalvik vm . best guess is to try it on a real device , like the new nexus 5 or waiting for the nexus 4 and nexus 7 updates .
it seems that this issue was related to the rom . since multiple re-installs of the app did not correct the issue , experimenting with another rom ( apex 2.0 beta ) did the trick . after flashing the new rom and installing the app , music streams quite well . update : i have learned that the liberty toolbox > liberty tweaks > ad blocker feature being set to " block most ads " has been tracked down as the root cause of this issue . make sure to " enable ads " under this setting and there should not be anymore fc issues .
flashing a supersu update zip via recovery will override android 4.3 's built-in superuser . from then on , you can use supersu , but you will need to keep superuser enabled in settings .
at least one plugin exists . adobe flash . note that plugins and extensions are not the same . the default aosp browser does not support extensions .
note : answering my own question as nobody knew . i did a packet capture after selecting menu -> accounts and sync -> auto-sync ( also accessible via the " power control " widget ) . what did i discover ? to my horror ( http requests from phone displayed below ) : and my contacts and calendar are being transmitted unencrypted ! i do not currently synchronize gmail so i could not say if that is unencrypted either . also the stock market application ( which must be a service because i do not have the widget displayed or the application active ) : completely unencrypted request for stock quotes : just think , you could sit in starbucks in the financial centre of your city and packet-sniff what quotes were important to all the smart phone users around you . . other items that were not encrypted : http request to htc.accuweather.com time request to time-nw.nist.gov:13 ( does not even use ntp ) about the only data that is encrypted on my phone are the mail accounts i set up with the k-9 application ( because all my mail accounts use ssl - and fortunately gmail accounts are , by default , ssl ; and yahoo ! mail supports imap using ssl too ) . but it seems none of the auto-sync'd data from the out-of-box phone is encrypted . this is on a htc desire z with froyo 2.2 installed . lesson : do not use phone on open wireless network without vpn encrypted tunnelling ! ! ! note , packet capture taken by using tshark on ppp0 interface on virtual node running debian connected to android phone via openswan ( ipsec ) xl2tpd ( l2tp ) .
you can use adb ( android debug bridge ) tools . -install platform-tools which are included in android sdk -toggle usb debugging options on your phone . -connect to your phone with adb . example operation for testfile . txt upload your file with ' adb push ' command . adb push testfile.txt /data/local/tmp/  get shell with ' adb shell ' command . adb shell  ( you will get a prompt like below . ) become superuser with ' su ' command . shell$ su  change permissions of testfile . txt to 644 ( -rwx--r--r- ) chmod 644 /data/local/tmp/testfile.txt 
custom keyboard layouts is an official feature of android 4.1 jelly bean . it is called " user-installable keymaps " , see more here . if you do not want to wait/upgrade : besides this , android uses keymaps also for bluetooth hid devices ( your device , some number keypads , apple bluetooth keyboard , etc . ) . more info how to change this is here .
i believe that matthew read is correct about there being no native way to sync this , and about locale 's ability to work around this , but i am going to suggest some cheaper and simpler alternatives to the $10 locale app : tasker ( $6.50 ) : basically the same as locale but cheaper . with this ( and probably locale ) you could set a profile that turns on autosync for only 5 minutes and repeats this every hour ( or whatever timeframe you want ) . also , tasker can use locale plugins . juicedefender ( free ) : i have used it before ( although never tried what you are trying to do ) and it is super easy to setup and use . it allows you to control total connectivity and app by app connectivity control . it also claims to allow you to schedule " synchronization events " , which i have never tried by sounds like it would control general and app specific syncing . sync schedule ( free ) : i do not think this will be as useful as the name suggests but if all else fails it is worth a shot . it allows you to set times for the autosync to turn off and on but i am not sure if it lets you set multiple time windows per day so this may be of limited use . also regarding your " is there any way to make it pause when i actually want to use the phone ? " question , the native android power control widget has an autosync as one of the options allowing you to toggle it on/off at will .
could it have created the shortcut on a different page of the home screen ? be sure to scroll left and right to check every page . if you still can not get that working , there is another method that should still work . go into the app drawer ( the list of apps from the home screen ) , then go to the widgets tab . there should be a widget there called bookmark . hold it to pick it up , and then drag it to where you like on your home screen . if you need more flexibility than that , my app showr lets you create a resizable home screen shortcut with a custom icon or image . you can use any picture you like for the shortcut , and have it open the web page you set or launch an app of your choice . it can even update the picture from the web automatically : for example , if the web app is a bug tracker , and it offers an image showing how many bugs are open , you might want to use something like that as the shortcut . download showr for free from google play
power saving mode ( by default ) turns off some vibration , but it should only turn off the " haptic feedback " vibration ( vibration when you touch certain ui controls ) . you can change that by going to settings , power saving mode , and unchecking " turn off haptic feedback " . that is the mode i run my sgs3 in all the time . to get vibration working for text messages , you also need to enable vibration in the settings of the Messaging app itself ( i am not sure which settings you were referring to when you said that you " went into settings and enabled everything that has the word " vibrate " in it" ) . to do that , go to the conversation list in the messaging app ( not an individual conversation ) , hit the menu button , then select settings . look for the " notification settings " section and check " vibrate " . to get vibration working for incoming calls , there is a similar setting in the Phone app . launch the Phone app , make sure you are on the Keypad , Logs , or Favorites tab , tap the menu button , select Call settings . then select Ringtones and keypad tones and select Incoming call vibration . the Device vibration will let you modify the vibration pattern used ( so you can tell an incoming call from a text message / email ) . to get to the Phone and Messaging apps : press the " home " button at the bottom of the phone ( the physical button in the middle ) . that brings you to your home screen . the touch the " apps " button ( it looks like 9 square white dots , and is usually on the lower right of the home screen ) . that will bring up a list of all applications installed on the phone . scroll through looking for an app named Messaging ( or Phone ) . the icon for the Messaging app looks like a white envelope with a yellow piece of paper coming out of it . the icon for the Phone app looks like a green square with a white phone receiver on it . tap the app icon , then follow the instructions for each app above to activate vibration for text messaging and incoming calls .
what if you used tasker/locale with this plugin ? you could then turn off data using apndroid .
the picture you got on your phone was upgrade mode ( also called download mode ) . the phone disconnects and then tries to reconnect when it goes into this mode . my guess is that the reconnect failed ; it happened to me when i tried upgrading through a virtual machine . i suggest borrowing a friend 's computer running windows natively to do the upgrade .
from the code comments : // ... Verify it matches one of the given public // keys.  you can not just use any old signature , that would defeat the purpose . apks , on the other hand , are intended to be created and distributed by anyone and the signature is ostensibly to verify the source rather than limit the source .
afaik there is no such " os setting " ( and if there was , " other users " could manipulate it as well ) . as a " work-around " , you might look in the playstore for app lockers , they should be able to " lock " the settings app as well . remove all wifi apns from your network list which should not be connected , de-activate the " inform me about open wifi networks " to avoid the popup , and together with an app locker ( locking the " settings " app ) that should do what you are looking for . as to your comment , this seems to work fine with smart applock , which can lock not only apps but also some system actions : smart applock : locking apps , locking system actions ( source : google play ; click images for larger variant )
you might want to take a look at autowipe for that : use autowipe to automatically and permanently wipe your internal and external data by doing a factory reset . enterprise and business users should find this useful ! this is meant to be used in case your device gets stolen , misplaced , or lost . automatically wipes for : failed passwords to unlock screen , sms password received , subscriber id changed ( sim card ) . use the new integrated test mode to test all these cases . locks the screen while wiping . the app does not require root , according to its playstore description . ( click to enlarge )
have you tried this http://tiddlyspot.com/ it basically creates a tiddly on a web server , so you can edit it with every android browser able to render it . you can download it , edit offline and when online sync it with the server version . opera mobile is not able to edit offline a tiddlywiki and save changes . firefox mobile can . other browsers i dont know . normally they need a . jar java file which the mobile browsers often cant execute afaik .
sshdroid does not need root , it is optional . every app can bind a socket on an not privileged port ( > 1024 ) . i am pretty sure that your ssh client parameters are wrong , the port especially . afaik you can not add the port via : to the hostname . try ssh root@ipofandroid -p 2222 instead . if you need more verbose output of the ssh binary , start it with -v , -vv or -vvv . this helps to figure out problems .
summing up from the comments above . . . as eldarerathis wrote : " connected as a media device " suggests it is using mtp , which would require special software to be installed ( there are mtp packages available for different linux flavours ) . try getting ums working you might also want to check your " notification area " when the device is connected : i do not know the kindle fire , but it might offer to switch to ums ( usb mass storage ) mode . if you do not find anything corresponding in the notifications , also take a look through the settings . just a possibility , nothing granted . try it with mpt utilizing the mtp file system if you cannot get ums working , there is a helpful link pointed out by eldarerathis is connecting google nexus 7 to linux on how to make mtpfs working on linux . basically , this can be done by issuing 4 commands in a terminal : sudo apt-get install mtpfs mkdir ~/NexusDrive mtpfs ~/NexusDrive nautilus ~/NexusDrive  short explanation on what it does : install the mtpfs package , which provides the mtp file system creating a directory where to mount your kindle to actually mounting your device opening nautilus to show the files contained of course , the last step can be replaced by opening any file explorer you like : ) and as the " missing sudo " on lines 2-4 indicates , mtpfs is running in userspace . graphical mtp frontend there is also a graphical mtp frontent available in the ubuntu repositories : gmtp . it is mainly intended to be a mp3 player , but you also can manage your files with it : sudo apt-get install gmtp  ( it is in the universe branch , so you might have to enable universe first in your package manager ) ( screenshots taken from linuxandlife ) so you could use this instead of nautilus -- or next to nautilus , depending on what you want to do . with gmtp installed , simply connect your kindle via its usb cable , then launch gmtp . click the connect button then will mount the device , and the connect button gets re-labeled to " disconnect " , as shown in above screenshots .
i found a user reporting 123 mb of free internal memory after the upgrade , vs 134 mb on a stock froyo , so you lose 11 mb when upgrading , although it seems that applications take up less space and app2sd is more efficient . i would like to hear more stories though .
unlikely to be possible in this context , as dalvik cache has a fixed system-wide location ( /data/dalvik-cache ) . so you cannot have " linked apps place their dalvik cache directly on sd " . either all or nothing . take a look at the app2sd tag-wiki for alternative approaches which might allow to move the entire dalvik cache to your sdcard . but a selective move imho is impossible . remark : an exception to this general rule are odexed roms , where the .odex files sit in the same place as the app , at least for system apps . so there might be a way to do the same for " user apps " which i have missed . )
it was current data usage from settings > data usage > show on lockscreen .
i would try backing up the data for one of the apps , then clearing it and seeing if it works afterwards . you could try just restoring /data/data/com.rovio.angrybirds/files/highscores.lua and see if that works . i do not have cut the rope so i do not know how its files work , sorry !
the htc one 's camera has bigger pixels than the regular phone cameras ( "ultrapixels" ) . when you use your camera in low light , it tries to draw more light from the sensor , so the image looks brighter . the " purple " issue is caused by bad heat insulation of the camera sensor from the rest of the phone , so when you try to take a photo the heat can cause distortion of the data the image processor chip collects from the sensor and converts to digital image ( when you open the camera app it puts the screen brightness to max , so even this can cause the phone to heat up ) . when you use the camera in low light the image chip relies more on the sensor to collect more light , so this might cause only low light pictures to be affected ( especially the color black , where the sensor tries to deliver as much light possible and there just is not one , as it is dark ) . when you take a photo in normal light ( or with flash ) there is enough light and the sensor does not try to replace the color black with purple . the damage to the camera sensor caused by heat seems to be permanent and if it is in an early stage it can be fixed by a software update which just calibrates the image chip to ignore the " purple " image data . but , as you stated , this is a hardware issue and if the software update does not fix it , the phone should be sent to a repair center for the sensor and the insulator around it to be replaced . as of november - december 2013 the new sensors are made by a different manufacturer and lack the issue . source : the forum thread at xda : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2317507 and personal experience with my htc one m7 .
you can switch your phone to airplane mode - this will shut down all radios . after this , turn on only the wifi and you will be able to use it as a wifi only device .
connect your phone open the windows device manager open each relevant device ( if more than one is shown ) , choose " update driver " , and select android_winusb.inf
sync should take care of contacts and most settings on your phone . download sms backup and restore on both phones , backup on nexus s and send the backup xml file to n4 ( via bluetooth or wifi hotspot ) for restoration . for transferring files between the devices , you can use the wifi hotspot functionality . works real fast . i am not sure if it is available on nexus 4 ( being a newer , better phone , i presume it is ) , but i have it on my nexus s and have used it to transfer files from a galaxy s2 . update : anysend seems like a useful app to send files between two devices . the only requirement is that both have to be connected to the same wifi network .
how do i password protect uninstalling apps from the play store ? this is not possible as of today . i have seen a few apps to help me along , but they do not protect from the play store being launched from inside a game through a commercial for example . such behavior is not made explicitly available to third-party apps , the ones that do exist today can only go so far in providing an " app-locker " . how do i password protect either the entire play store , or the removal of apps ? you can not , at least not in a way that accounts for all scenarios . you may keep searching for " app-locker " apps that attempt to do this and hope you find one that fits your needs . have you tried paranoid android 's lockit instead of going down this route , i would recommend you setup multiple user profiles on the tablet ( the assumption here being your tablet is running android 4.2 or greater ) . in a multi-user scenario , if one user uninstalls an app , it is only uninstalled within their profile . you may read more about it here
you can use an alternative launcher like launcher pro / adw / go launcher etc . all of these have options for hiding apps from the app drawer . unfortunately , the gallery app will still appear in share and send to menus in various apps . no way around that . if you would rather certain folders remain invisible to the gallery app , place a blank file named .nomedia in the folder to keep it from being displayed in the gallery . unsure if quickpic will also have same functionality .
no , this will not work for shortcuts to apps . edit2: turns out this part of the answer was wrong . thanks bryan and drake for your answers . yes , it works for internet bookmarks . from your browser , select menu > bookmarks . long-press the given bookmark and select edit bookmark ; this will allow you to change its name . you may need to delete/re-add the shortcut to your home page for the change to take affect . edit1: alternatively , if you use a bookmark manager app ( like any of the ones mentioned here ) , you should be able to edit the bookmark directly from there .
found this at : http://orlygoingthirty.blogspot.com/2011/01/how-to-uninstall-expired-launcherpro.html i finally found a workable solution : download the latest launcherpro apk ( or hopefully any other apk ) . connect your phone to your pc and mount the sd card . copy the new apk to the top-level of the sd card and rename it to something short ( like lp . apk ) . unmount the phone , then in the phone browser ( which is the only thing lp lets you run ) , type the following in the url bar : file:///sdcard/lp . apk ( notice the three slashes ) this will force-launch the installer application on the phone . now on my phone , it was set to disallow non-android market apps from installing ; since the apk is not off the android market , the phone popped up an error and offered to let me change the application setting . which launches the settings application .
a is for ' americas ' i is ' international ' e.g. the rest of the world . you get slightly different network support . st17i umts hspa 900 ( band viii ) , 2100 ( band i ) gsm gprs/edge 850 , 900 , 1800 , 1900 st17a umts hspa 800 ( band v ) , 1900 ( band ii ) , 2100 ( band i ) gsm gprs/edge 850 , 900 , 1800 , 1900 this is from the whitepaper . i belive everything else about the phone is the same . bkw and bko i think will be the colour scheme of an orange or white hilight .
that is the thing about the android os . a " quit " or " exit " button is not really necessary . why ? because the operating system automatically kills applications that are no longer used . for this same reason , there is no need to install a task killer or similar . when you are done with an application , the os will clean things up for you so you do not have to worry about it .
i have got a reply from es file explorer team , they said that the " share by lan " feature in the " share via " is not for sending files to the pc , it is for sending files to other devices which has es file explorer running on them , on the same network . i have requested a new feature that allows you to send to the pc through share via , but if they decide to build it , it may take a while still before it is out .
buggy firmware . restarted and problem went away .
the easiest solution is to not have a credit card linked to their account . even if you did still have a pin for protection , they could still use the card online with any place that takes google wallet . the pin ( and now password ) really only protects purchases from the device itself . there are a few options that come to mind for them to have paid apps : second google account one option is to add your google account to their phone , and use it for all the purchased apps . when they want to buy an app , they switch over to your account , and then you put in your password to buy it . the downside of this method is that they could easily change the sync settings so they get your contacts , email , etc . temporary second google account alternatively , you could temporarily add your google account , make the purchase , then remove the account . the purchased app will remain on the device and should work , and they will not have access to sync data . but the app will not get any updates , and you will have to do the same process any time they want another app . third google account or you could create a third google account that only is used for purchased apps , and not for emails or contacts . they would still need your password to buy the app , and you would not have to worry about them activating sync for your information . and since the account would remain on their phone , their paid apps could be updated as well . prepaid/gift card another option is to put a prepaid card , or a google play gift card ( min $10 ) , on their account . they can purchase up to the limit of the card , either for paid apps or in-app purchases . alternative app stores you could also try using a different app store , such as amazon 's app store . it has most of the apps that google play store has . it does not have pin/password protection for paid apps ( but it does have that option for in-app purchases ) , but amazon gift cards can be bought in denominations as low as 15 cents . you could just buy the specific amount to cover the app they want , then gift it to them so they can buy the app .
i ended up spotting the offending program via battery usage . there was one app that was showing a lot of battery use even though i was not doing anything with it ( newsrob ) . i killed that and everything 's been fine since .
you can tap for those words , swype 's autocompletion will use your personal dictionary to finish the rest .
the xperia mini pro and the xperia x10 mini pro are actually different phones . confusing , i know . the former appears to be a " refreshed " version of the latter with your specs .
try running this command from your pc : adb shell bmgr enable false  if you have more than one device or emulator running/connected , you will need to add the -s DEVICE option .
i rebooted and it fixed the problem :-\ [ and then several weeks later it occurred to me that i should note this fact here , in case it happens to anyone else ] . indeed , i suspect that my phone was in a weird state and probably i could not access the sd card on any computer at all at that point , regardless of what i implied in the question .
ok i believe i am a step closer to solving this adding to the dictionary issue . this is how i am getting around it firstly my keyboard is set to portrait type 3x4 predictive text on with continuous input . now to add a word turn off predictive text . now type your word manually and when your done , and with the cursor flashing directly next to the end of your word , goback into settings and turn predictive text back on . now when you back out of setting you should see your word in the suggestion list above the keypad . tap your new word and you should find it added to your dictionary . this method also works for email addresses . just to be clear this is for use on android 4.1.2 my device for all concerned is samsung gs2 . let me know if this helps .
some devices use usbmicro , others use usb mini . like any device , it depends on the voltage that the device can take . but for the most part , afaik , as long as the charger is the same plug type ( micro , mini , etc . ) then yes it can work . a lot of the chargers that use usb plugs output the voltage that a standard usb port would ( between 4.75 and 5.25 volts ) . if this is the case , you will have no problems . the only issue , when you use usb to charge , it is usually a slower charge then using a wall charger .
there seems to be a problem with the latest cyanogenmod 7.1.0 and the german locale . possible solutions are some users report that if you search google on your phone for " gmail market " and open the market:// link with the market , gmail will install . use the market enabler to change your mobile provider and download the gmail app . manually install the . apk from this thread
it is my understanding that some roms allow for overclocking , whereas others dont . it depends on how the kernel is setup . i couldnt overclock my samsung galaxy s2 for example on the stock rom with it rooted . i could however once i installed cyanogen . perhaps that is the case .
using the following diagram from developer . android . com you can see where it falls in the specs : it is 3 inches diagonally - it falls in the " small " category . it is 133ppi - which is definitely ldpi .
please keep in mind these are developer options , and may be of no use , or have a negative impact on the performance of your device . force gpu rendering the gpu is the graphics processing unit . it is very much like the cpu , but instead of crunching numbers and taking care of tasks for the operating system and hardware , the gpu renders graphical information and puts it on the screen for you . the cpu can process graphical instructions just fine , but doing so takes time away from doing other computations , and can lead to lag while graphical instructions are processed in ice cream sandwich onwards , developers ( or power users ) are given the option to force apps to use gpu rendering , whether that bit is on or off in the app 's manifest . this does not necessarily make the app faster , and may cause issues . disable non-rectangular clip ops this is too technical for me to explain in great detail . basically a " canvas " is used for drawing . the source code for android contains this : you could turn it off to create unusual ( non rectangular ) canvas areas . see here for more details on this force 4x msaa force 4x msaa does not require a rooted device . this option does the same as any anti aliasing filter in pc games - smooths out all the pixelization and provides better rendering , which means better looking graphics . users should know that this function is only recommended for devices that have gpu capable of native msaa support . as @danhulme put it : windows in android are always composited rather than rendered into shared video memory . normally , SurfaceFlinger uses the gpu for composition , but it will use a hardware overlay when that is possible , which is faster and uses less battery . disabling overlays means it will always use gpu rendering . it is only useful for debugging system integration or hw video decode : even app developers do not need to turn on this option from wikipedia in signal processing and related disciplines , aliasing is an effect that causes different signals to become indistinguishable ( or aliases of one another ) when sampled . it also refers to the distortion or artifact that results when the signal reconstructed from samples is different from the original continuous signal . disable hw overlays without a hardware overlay every application that is displaying things on the screen will share video memory and will have to constantly check for collision and clipping to render a proper image , this can cost a lot of processing power . with a hardware overlay each application gets its own portion of video memory , getting rid of the need to check for collision and clipping .
i got curious enough about this that i actually wrote my own little program that captures the " media button " events that are driving this functionality . i was able to determine that the car is doing something that translates into a " media_play_pause " keycode to start the playing . then when you tell it to play or pause while it is on , it issues another " media_play_pause . " but when you turn the car off ( or turn off the audio in the car ) , it issues a " media_stop " . the music players ( both winamp and the default music app anyway--i did not try others ) respond to the media_stop by resetting the song position to the beginning and ceasing to play the music . so to get what i want , i would have to somehow intercept the stop command and turn it into a " pause " instead . or somehow get the music apps not reset the song position when they receive as " stop . "
that is pretty normal for ( almost ) all custom roms : they are not permitted to include google apps . gapps are proprietary , and to ship them bundled with anything requires an explicit license from google . however , custom roms come rooted usually . and also usually , you ( at least in most cases ) have a custom recovery when installing them . so if you feel you need a way , you have got two choices primarily : pick the gapps package corresponding to your android version from goo . im , and flash them via your custom recovery , or head over to xda and check for the nogapps packages if you prefer an open-source replacement
solved by using manual method , searching and do " trial and error " on each files .
killing all running apps did not solve the problem , nor did disabling the automatic sync for google account items like videos/photos ( which i heard suggested for a similar battery issue ) . what did work was simply rebooting the device by holding the power button and picking shut down . after rebooting mediaserver no longer appears to use much of my battery in the usage chart and my charge lasts like it always did . so if you get the same issue , just reboot .
you can lock a particular message in your conversation so you do not accidentally delete that . the check box is for those messages . see following screen-shots - first long tap on the message you want to lock , and select lock . the message should be now locked and a lock icon should appear at the bottom . now when you delete the conversation the message was in , the locked message would not get deleted if the check-box is not selected .
as far as i know , every os makes the change at the officially scheduled time for your timezone . this is different in different timezones , but if you have previously observed your windows clock changing at a particular time , you will see any other os changing at the same time . the exact time is set by the government : programmers do not just pick a time they think would be nice .
with the backing of dotvezz , summing up from the comments : considering the specifications , this is quite unlikely : range of the nfc signal is limited to a max of 10 cm on " clear view " ( see wikipedia ) material with a greater density will reduce this even more : air ~ 0.001 g/cm 3 versus lithium ~ 0.53 g/cm 3 makes rawly a 500-times-density difference , so a factor of 10 ( as i mentioned in my comment ) probably is a huge under-estimation even calculating with a factor of ~10 , this would reduce the range to below 1 cm . and you will rather have to more than double that factor . with few devices being thinner than . 8 mm , your wish is close to impossible of being fulfilled .
rooting your phone without a custom rom can be used to removed crapware . i have a french " orange " htc desire , and here is what i did to remove the orange apps : use unrevoked to root your phone ( close eclipse because it can prevent unrevoked from detecting the reboot , use usb drive mode if you try to root on a mac as they say it is more reliable ) once you are finished , reboot your phone in recovery mode ( shutdown , press the - key and the power button at the same time ) mount the /system partition as read/write ( easy , it is a simple gui ) open a shell on the phone with the command " adb shell " get a root shell with the command " su " go the /system/apps folder and remove whatever you want with rm ( remove both apk and odex files that you do not need ) close your shell unmount the /system partition reboot with this method , i removed the useless tetris and other games demos that were on my phone . i still do not know if rooting your phone will prevent me from getting ota updates in the future , that is why i have not got a custom rom yet .
short answer : no . longer answer : the thumb-drive version of ubuntu is for x86 processors . there are ways to run ubuntu in android , all of them requiring a ubuntu port with an arm architecture . search for complete linux installer in the play store for basic stuff . it will rum on top of android in a virtualized environment , and you can connect to its environment and everything . just download the image and put it on your flash drive instead .
" in the case of devices without true external storage , it is still necessary for android to provide an emulated external storage in order to remain compatible with older apps . in other words the ram is physically internal ( non-removable ) but a section of it is partitioned and the android file-system apis treat that partition as being " external " and world-readable . " taken from answer by @squonk stackexchange-url as to where to store your downloads at storage/sdcard . the others are symlinks to that location . a symlink is a shortcut , a low-level pointer . a symlink will look like the linked file is actually there , rather than it just being a shortcut . once you tap on it , it’ll be directed toward the actual file location and run/use data from there .
hey i got solution after giving lot of time on this problem . this is the defect of samsung software . actually every software version is linked with some number . but it not send any sms to that number . because of licence , security reason they need to linked every version to particular number . if some problem occur in mobile phone then only it communicate with this number . but in some particular software there is some defect that is why it send sms when new sim inserted into mobile . the solution is go to your nearest samsung service center and update your software .
pictures , videos , downloads , and music are all stored on the sd card by default . you can get at them by popping your sd card into any card reader . ( probably have to get an adapter ) app settings are stored on the phone . but if those apps support google 's backup service those settings will be restored on your new phone .
if you have a launcher like launcherpro or adw launcher , you can just hit the menu button in any homescreen and click notifications . that however does not help if you are in another app and want to bring down the notification area , unfortunately . in lp , you can also configure a swipe action to pull down the notification area . there is also hellostatusbar which is an app that when clicked will bring down the bar . one workaround maybe to launch it and then while in another app , long-press home to make it show in the recently used app list . if it works , i would recommend exsbar which allows you to assign the long-press search button or long-press camera button to this function .
there are apps available that allow you to distinguish between locking your phone and it idling out . for example , it is a good security practice to have your phone lock whenever you hit the lock button , but understandable that you do not want it locking 10 seconds after you place it on the passenger seat . you can have the screen timeout after 20 seconds , but wait 120 seconds ( or more , if you prefer ) before it auto- locks . i know that juice defender provides such options . some apps ( such as the music app ) have the ability of adding ' widgets ' to your lock screen . this is even more apparent on custom roms ( such as cyanogenmod ) , which allow apps to respond to ' gestures ' on the lockscreen .
it is always enabled on the kindle fire . you simply need to add the fire 's device id to your android_usb.ini file so that the google adb drivers will find it . you can do this from the command line very easily with : echo 0x1949 &gt;&gt; "%USERPROFILE%\.android\adb_usb.ini  then restart adb adb kill-server adb start-server  and you should be good to go . if it still will not recognize it then you may need to go into the " manage " menu and uninstall the fire , then unplug it and plug it in again ( i do not remember if that step was necessary ) .
this is usual android disconnection response . it is to do with your phone checking in with the closest antenna when you end a call . perhaps this will help explain the speed a little : http://images.cellphones.org/cell_phone_calls.jpg p.s. i just hit end call then home or lock screen and put it in my pocket :- )
i am guessing you have tried double clicking it ? on my phone ( dell streak ) , a double-click skips to the next track . might just be doubletwist that , though , i am not sure .
please visit http://www.twofortyfouram.com/support.html q : i see the shortcut setting opens apps . . . how do i kill apps ? a : android treats memory differently than a desktop computer . when leaving an app , it is paused rather than killed , so that returning to it later is faster . if android needs more memory , it will automatically close apps that have been paused but have not been used recently . because android manages memory automatically , " task killer " apps are not necessary . google has blocked " task killer " apps for android 2.2 and later . while it is not possible to " kill " apps on android , the shortcut setting can be used to simulate this behavior by bringing the home screen to the foreground . to do this , simply create a new shortcut setting that opens the " launcher " or " home " app ( on htc devices , the launcher might be called " htc sense" ) . when the setting is fired , it will bring the home screen to the foreground , pausing whatever application was previously on the screen .
you can use rules like this in your custom scripts : $IPTABLES -A "droidwall-wifi" -m owner --uid-owner 12345 --destination "192.168.1.0/24" -j RETURN  instead of 12345 , you need to specify the uid assigned to the app ; you can find that uid in the list of apps in droidwall . remember that uids are assigned dynamically , and if the app is removed , the uid previously assigned to it may be assigned to a completely different app installed later . there are some enhancement requests for droidwall ( #275 , #253 ) requesting to add such feature , but developers did not respond to them yet .
this one took me a while . go into " personalize tweetcaster " in settings and change " url action " to " ask " .
solved this by installing image 2 wallpaper . one would expect such basic features out of the box . .
my solution , which seems to be working so far , is quite related to what was proposed by t0mm13b . that proposal was to adjust the dhcp settings . however , my router is quite limited in functionality and it is impossible to adjust wifi settings on it . insane , i know . so , i set my phone to use a static ip address instead of using dhcp . so far , so good .
there is no such thing as an " i747 t999" . the i747 is the model used by at and t . there is no relevant difference between the i747 and the i747m used by bell and telus , or the i747r used by rogers . they are identical as far as software or repairs are concerned . the t999 is a different model used by t-mobile , wind mobile , and possibly others . the only real difference is the supported frequency bands , though this means they are not intercompatible for roms . casings are identical , as are common parts like the camera or screen . i would presume that by " i747 t999" , they mean the part is compatible with both the i747 model and the t999 model , which it should be , as the physical form of them is identical .
make a backup of your data first . every folder and file in the /sdcard/data directory is 0 bytes . this looks like a corrupted filesystem or a defective sdcard ( see correction ) . especially , folders have a usual minimum size of 4.0k . i would suggest you to back up your data first , then check for errors : does " dmesg " show filesystem errors on mmcblk0 or similar ? if so try to backup , reformat sdcard ( see correction ) and restore or replace the faulty sdcard . ( edit ) correction : the galaxy nexus has no sdcard but a unified ext4 filesystem for /data that also includes /sdcard ( which is symlinked to /data/media ) . you might solve the problem with a wipe . but that will also delete all of your /sdcard content too . you might have luck entering recovery and adb'ing into it to fsck . ext4 your /data partition , i am however not sure if your rom supports this command <code> # boot to recovery first ! adb shell cat /proc/partitions # look for the biggest one and replace the ? ? accordingly fsck . ext4 /dev/block/mmcblk ? ? ? </code> here 's an external report about a similar issue : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1541379
you need to get this information from your university . ask the it department to walk you through it or just give you the necessary information . from what you have said : email accounts are provided by microsoft . seems to me they are using exchange in a windows domain ( i could be wrong ) . therefore , you will need a server link , domain name , username , and password . also , on a separate note , you should do some research on how email works and email protocols ( pop3 , imap , smtp , exchange , gmail , and so on ) . here 's a helpful link : email protocols : pop , imap and mapi
can you not use a usb otg ( on the go ) cable . it will have a connection ( microusb ) at one end to fit to your tablet and a usb connection at the other ( for many peripherals ) . this should surely connect your x box controller to your tablet . they are very cheap as well . alternatively , and maybe to be used in conjunction with see the following article from pocketables entitled " guide to game controllers on android " written by a . odegard on may 9th 2012 http://www.pocketables.com/2012/05/guide-to-game-controllers-on-android.html its is an excellent read
yes you cannot change it unless you have root access . but you can disable it if you do not like it . go to settings => sounds => deselect the Touch Sounds option . just in case you have root access , go to /System/media/audio/ui/ and replace the file named touch.ogg or tick.ogg or effec_tick.ogg or the one with a similar name .
there is a fairly new app called perfectly clear which allows you to select multiple images and apply corrections to all of them at once in batch . you could also set a preset and apply the enhancements the same way for all images . fair warning , for the more advanced features they have in-app purchases .
your device is in download mode . i do not have that device , but if the battery does not come out , you will probably need to use adb and send an adb reboot to get it out of download mode . if you do not know how to use adb , then you can just let the battery die . i do not like that option though because the same image will be on the screen for an extended period of time . does the screen look like this : to use adb : download the usb drivers from samsung download the android sdk connect the device to your computer via usb cable open a command prompt where the android sdk was installed and change to the platform-tools directory . for example , my sdk is installed at c:\android-sdk so i run the following : c:\android-sdk> cd platform-tools then try to reboot with adb : C:\android-sdk\platform-tools\&gt; adb reboot  if that does not work try the following command : C:\android-sdk\platform-tools\&gt; fastboot reboot 
from what you said in the comments above , there is a way to change the text colour and the icon colours along with the colour / transparency of the status bar . it requires a rooted phone unfortunately but once rooted download wanam xposed from the play store here is a link wanam xposed work 's on samsung android 4.2+ so you should not have any issues once this is installed it will ask you to install the xposed framework , do not be alarmed it is required and will not harm your phone . once the framework is installed you will be prompted to enable wanam xposed from the new xposed installer , if not you can simply click on xposed installer , click modules and wanam xposed should appear and check the checkbox . now go on wanam xposed , note everytime you make a change it will only appear after a reboot ! you can now go on theme and click either background color ( or colour as it should be : ) ) and this will enable you to select a colour for the status bar , or you can click on the following circle battery color stock battery text color signal icons color clock and date color status bar icons color ( remaining icons ) each of these will change the icons instead of the status bar background colour hope this helps !
as far as i can tell , this is not possible within android 's calendar apps . it is possible , however , in google calendar 's web app . if you are syncing with a google account , you can go to google calendar and set up events to repeat every 5 weeks . you would have to set up each segment separately , but you could then set that segment to repeat every five weeks . for example : go to google calendar add an event for one day of work ( say , a single night shift ) edit event . . . check box for " repeat . . . " in the popup that appears , set to repeat every 5 weeks , and select the days that week that have the same schedule ( e . g . , mon , tues , wed ) . repeat for each segment in your schedule . if you use the same google account to sync your calendar to your phone , the schedule should appear shortly .
i saw this exact same issue on my motorol droid v1 ( same hardware i believe ) . with android 2.0 , 2.1 , and 2.1 update 1 my phone would sometimes report the battery completely drained just a few minutes after unplugging it . i have not seen this issue again since the 2.2 update . before the update the way i would get the phone to display the proper charge level was to plug in the usb charger for just a moment . as soon as the phone saw that it was charging the charge level immediately displayed correctly .
asus released an update , and it is been 2 weeks since it happened
un-installing the app and installing it back again , fixed it .
mhl is a new wire protocol , using very clever signalling technology to use very few wires to transmit a lot of data : 1080p video , 7.1 channel surround sound , and rcp remote control data . mhl also uses the existing power lines on usb to allow the tv to power the connected device . when connected to an mhl display , the display controller on the phone speaks the mhl protocol just like it would speak the hdmi protocol to an hdmi display . the mhl standard itself is just the signalling protocol : it does not specify what connectors are used . this allows the micro-usb connector on a phone to detect when it is being used for mhl , and switch to speaking the mhl protocol . apart from the connector , there is no relationship between mhl and usb , so you can not use a usb hub : the cable has to connect directly to the device . hdcp hdcp on mhl works in exactly the same way as over an hdmi or displayport connection : the intention is that only consuming devices with a valid , unrevoked device key can perform key exchange and thus decipher the content . see the wikipedia page on hdcp if you want to learn about that , or about why the intended behaviour is not the actual behaviour . mhl connections there are three types of cable . the first is not an adaptor at all : it is just a cable for connecting an mhl producer such as a phone to an mhl consumer such as a tv . you can only use this if your tv supports mhl and has the appropriate connector . the second is the 5-pin micro-usb-to-hdmi adaptor you have mentioned . you can still only use this if your tv supports mhl , but it means the tv does not need a special port . it does not use the hdmi protocol , or convert any signals : it is just a cable with a micro-usb connector on one end and an hdmi connector on the other . the third is the 11-pin micro-usb-to-hdmi adaptor . this is needed for newer samsung phones , which are incompatible with the 5-pin adaptors . only the connection to the device is different : as far as the tv is concerned , it works the same as the 5-pin adaptor , and the tv must still support mhl . as you have surmised , the use for the extra pins is that 11-pin cables support using usb-on-the-go at the same time : the adaptor is y-shaped , with a micro-usb connector at one end , and hdmi and micro-usb connectors at the other . the usb part works as normal and can be used with hubs , either in host mode or peripheral mode . displaylink the other thing you have seen , a " usb to hdmi convertor " , is for pcs . software running on the pc acts as an extra framebuffer , and uses proprietary compression technology to compress the video stream so that it can be sent on a normal usb link . the compression protocol is secret , and optimized for sending computer guis rather than movies . the hdmi end of the convertor has enough processing power inside it to decompress the stream into a framebuffer , which it sends over hdmi to the connected screen . the technology is developed and owned by displaylink ( formerly newnham technologies ) , based near me in cambridge , gb . because they rely heavily on software running on the producer , they do not support android , and likely never will . and because the compression protocol is secret and proprietary , the open-source community will not be able to supply a driver either . these devices use the standard usb protocol , so they work with hubs , but of course any delay or bandwidth contention caused by other devices will make the display laggy and add compression artifacts .
the least tricky way is : take your 2gb card out of the device , put it into a card reader , and attach that to your computer copy all contents from the card to an empty directory on your computer safely remove the card reader , replace the 2gb card by the newer , bigger one , and attach that to the computer copy the contents of the directory from step 2 . to the new card safely remove that card again , and place it into your android device when in doubt about the hidden stuff , use linux for the copy process . you can even boot it from a livecd . from a terminal command , use cp -R /path/to/source/* /path/to/target . on the other hand , if using windows and you can see the files/directories starting with a dot ( watch out e.g. for the .android_secure directory ) , they should be copied along fine . see also : how do i switch my android device 's sd card without causing problems ? changing sd card just a simple copy and paste app2sd - changing the sd card how to upgrade / swap sd card without losing data and installed apps ?
as far as i know this is not really possible . but there are apps available in the play store that implement a panic button where you can place a button on your home screen ( and maybe also your lock screen , but i have not it yet ) . one of those apps i found is red panic button . but you can also have a look in the play store yourself if you search for something like panic button etc .
sounds like asus has installed stubs as system apps . you had need root to remove them or unlink them from the market .
i do not think there is a way to disable market update notifications for a single app right now . in order to disable update notifications for all apps in the market , open the market app , press the menu button , choose settings . in the notification drop down , select do not notify me .
if you did not purchase the app ( i.e. . it was free ) , it should be gone . if you did , then it is always there because you have purchased the right to download it .
appbrain will make it easy to restore your apps . after the reset , install appbrain first ( ish ) and use it to get back all the apps you had before . ( sync before you reset . ) market will remember your paid apps so you will be able to get those without having to repay . your google app data ( e-mail , contacts , calendar ) are backed up to the " cloud " already , so you should not have to do anything special with them . if you really want to you could export them to a csv file , but you should not have to . you probably do not need to , but i would copy the contents of the sd card to a temporary location . just in case . as for other apps that keep data only local . . . i can not speak to those . i know that for myself everything important has a backup somewhere else . ( yay dropbox ! ) unfortunately ( or , actually , fortunately ) , i do not have any personal experience with a factory reset . everything i have read says that it is really not that bad , excepting those apps that do not have dynamic storage strategies . good luck !
es datei explorer is more than just a simple file explorer . it offers a bunch of additional features , which explain most of the permissions you have listed . i am using this app for years already and can assure you : it never abused any of the permissions ( especially i never saw it making " phone calls " , and yes , i supervise such things ) . but for the things you list : storage : what do you thing where your files are , um , stored ? all file managers access the " storage " . otherwise they could not write there , so you could not copy/move files . phone calls : this is a permission group , not the permission COST_CALL itself . the only permission from that group which es file accesses is read phone status and identity . so it can detect whether there is an incoming/outgoing/ongoing call ( and see the remote number ) , as well as check your device 's id ( imsi ) . not sure what for the app needs this , though . network communication : this app can also access the network ( feature list : remote file manager ) . so you can e.g. use it to copy files from/to your computer , e.g. using windows shares ( also known as samba , smb , cifs ) . a feature i really enjoy quite often . so nothing bad about this ! system tools : again a permission group . here the app requests : modify system settings , connect and disconnect from wi-fi , set wallpaper , install shortcuts , uninstall shortcuts , access bluetooth settings , prevent phone from sleeping . all mentioned permissions are explainable from the app 's feature list , though the " modify system settings* is a little unclear . hardware controls : once more a permission group . only used permission here is control vibration . so no danger from that , either . so the point is to look behind those " permission groups " what permissions are really requested by an app , and cross-check that with its features . if something 's unclear : ask , as you did : ) " better save than sorry " is a good attitude ! if you are still concerned , and rather want a more minimalistic solution ( as you do not need all those features ) , there are plenty alternatives . but i personally can warmly recommend you this app , from my own experience : it is easy to use , and never let me down in years . no " permission abuse " either .
i had bad luck with any " cheap " cards that i ever bought . they usually end up being " off brands " , and some of the slowest performing . the cheap ones usually do not even mention the class rating , which means they are probably a class 2 , or worse . i never had them fail in the short time you seen , but they did fail , and after 2 cheap cards failed on me in my android device , i spent the extra couple bucks and went with a " name brand " class 6 ( i could not even find a class 10 when i bought it ) . i have had this card for almost 3 years now , it has moved between 3 different android devices in that time , and has seen its share of custom android roms flashed to the host device . not to mention it even had a time , before froyo , it was partitioned to with 1gb ext4 partition to act as an " extension " of the devices internal storage , and even swap at one point on my adp1 . i have had zero problems with it .
summary of comments , as requested by the op : if your device is running android 4 . x , you can simply go to settings &rarr ; applications &rarr ; manage applications , scroll to the app , oben its entry , and hit the " disable " button -- et voila , it is " gone " , and will no longer appear in any other place . if you need it again at a later point , it will still be at the end of the list , so you can enable it again . note though , that some manufacturers / rom builders decided to preventing some apps from being disabled . nothing you can do in that case without root . if you rooted your device , on the other hand , apps like e.g. titanium backup ★ root would let you freeze those apps as well . note also gathrawn 's comment : if you do not configure the email app , it will not run . some homescreen replacements ( aka " launchers" ) allow you to hide unwanted apps from the app drawer ( e . g . go launcher ex ) , so you at least can ban them in some way .
i use netflix on my samsung galaxy s vibrant with cyanogenmod 7 and it works just fine . now , that does not mean in the future , nextflix could not update their app to not support these devices/rom but it does work now .
as you have already tested , trying out different browsers might be a good alternative . i suggest you try either boat browser or dolphin browser . my stand for chrome browser still remains . it is still an immature browser , and lacks many features / add-ons that are available in other browsers .
if its dropping your data connection , why have not you uninstalled it already ? seriously , there are things you can do with stock applications to improve your battery life , like turning off wifi , gps , data connection manually , all of which can be down easily with the power control widget . also , i noticed that there is a beta version of the app that is noted as being frequently unstable . is this the version you are using ? if so , buyer beware .
i have found that cyanogenmod has something like this , but i did not really want to install that just for easier volume controls . i found that there is an xposed module called gravitybox that includes this . it included a lot of other stuff that i did not care about too , but thankfully someone extracted this specific feature and repackaged it as expandablevolume . i installed that , and it works great now ! ! example 1 example 2
from my knowledge of the sync functionality on the android it only syncs when it has something new on one of those services . it uses push technology to send you the latest updates as soon as they become available . if however new items are appearing in your mail , contacts and/or calendar and it is still not syncing then i would recommend you remove your google account and re-add it again . nb . i did have an issue with sync once where it just was not pushing any emails to my phone . . . it fixed itself after a couple of days .
it should be located under android settings > location and security . but you need apps that support this feature in order to make full use of it . if you have a google apps or an exchange account your admin will be able to use the corresponding features like password reset etc . certain apps ( examples : llama / widgetlocker / wavesecure ) when made as device administrators are then allowed a higher level of access to system features .
tubemate app might be using phone 's internal storage for merging . how much is your phone 's free internal storage and video size .
synopsis titanium backup , is the most popular tool for everybody , not just for rom flashers , its for everybody , due to a large number of features such as : backing up user apps and their data all backups are saved on the sd-card ( really , i should be calling this external storage to future proof this answer as sd-card readers are in favour of getting dropped ) the capability to store up to fifty backups extract data from a cwm recovery image ( via cwm 's backup within recovery ) freeze an app , and put it into a state of " suspension " such that , it gets removed from the app drawer temporarily . schedule backups on a regular automatic basis or via a widget , and by tapping on the widget , titanium backup will perform the backup . there is far too much that you can do with it . what is this titanium backup you speak of , in plain english ? think of this as a " time machine " application , where a backup is instigated , to backup user applications and their application data , and then can " revert " back in case of unforseen circumstances or . . . playing angry birds , and got to a euphoric state of delight in getting the high score , and decided to backup angry birds and the high-score data in place , " just in case " a foul-up is made . the tool is often used heavily by rom flashers , have aosp gingerbread , decide to go to aosp jb , backup the apps etc , flash the new aosp jb , and restore the apps . astute readers will point out a vital step that i left out , where does the titanium backup come from then , the answer is quite simple , every time there is a new update to the titanium backup in which google play automatically updates , first things first , instinctively , always , i do the following , launch titanium backup hit ' menu ' , tap on ' more ' finally , tap on ' create " update . zip " ' select ' titaniumbackup-w . x.y. zip ' under the heading titled , ' select the name of the output file : ' ( latest version , is 5.6.0 ) the zip file is created and saved onto the /sdcard/TitaniumBackup-5.6.0.zip , so , its ' just a matter of adb pull on that file , unzip it , and install on to a newly flashed rom , for example , in this case , aosp jb , via the adb install method . then from there , after installing it , titanium backup will simply re-load the archived information about the backups already in place on the sd-card . the full information wiki can be found here on the developer 's website , if any further information is required . also take a look at our titanium tag .
some network-branded devices use a virtual cd-rom device to supply their own tethering software . if your phone 's tethering is not restricted and the device created is empty , i would say it is safe to ignore it .
this turns out to be more complicated than just the amperage rating of the power adapter . this xda post says that the tablet itself may ' step down ' to 0.5a charging if it cannot detect the right support in the usb host . there are some additional details in this post but i do not grok them . that thread led me to this slashdot comment which seems very useful and knowledgeable . if i understand the story correctly , unless the tablet can negotiate with the host device , the amount of power it can draw is limited . a physical " hack " ( now part of a usb standard ) in the adapter can make it clear to the usb client ( the tablet ) that there is no host device ( its a wall wart ) , so it can charge faster . without the hack , the device is limited in the amperage it can use . more details on the usb charing spec are on wikipedia . i just verified some of this with my samsung galaxy tab 10.1 and the no-name 2a usb wall charger i have . if i plug my tablet into this " unapproved " usb adapter , then i get a little red " x " on the battery charge indicator in the system tray . additionally , i get the " media scanner running . . . " alert ( which i think means that the tablet thinks it might be connected to a computer ) . i cannot tell at what rate ( 2.5ma , 500ma , 2a , etc ) the tablet is actually charging at , though . if i plug the tablet into the ' approved ' wall wart , i get no such red " x " , nor any " media scanner " alerts . all that said , in practice , i have found that the tablet will charge up on my no-name usb adapter . i am not sure if that is because i tend to turn the screen off ( and i do not have 3g ) , and thus the power draw of the sleeping tablet is less than the 500ma , or if its actually getting the full 2a . i think the upshot is that any reputable wall charger or anything labeled as " compatible " with an iphone or ipad will probably support the usb charging spec , and thus will fast-charge a samsung galaxy tab . but i am just guessing . it would be nice if there was an official usb logo or label for chargers that supported this mode . . .
what the phone 's essentially asking you here is , do you want to use only 2g data networks , only 3g data networks , or automatically switch between them depending which is best ? the gsm setting will give you access to 2g ( and 2.5g ) data networks using gprs or edge data standards and speeds . wcdma will give you access to 3g networks ( using either normal 3g or hsdpa standards and speeds ) . the normal setting would be auto , which lets the phone automatically select the best ( normally fastest ) data network that it can pick up in the area that you are currently in , but as this involves using all the 2g and 3g chips and antennae this uses more power than forcing the phone to always use one or the other . the downside to picking gsm is that it will stop your phone connecting to high speed 3g data networks , but will save power as the 3g ( wcdma ) chips and antenna will not be used . the downside to picking wcdma is that it will stop your phone from using 2g networks at all ( so if you are in an area with no 3g support , then your phone will have no data signal ) but if you are in an area that you know has good 3g signal , then selecting this will save power .
if you really just want to remove it ( which , fair warning , may cause problems with the system ; i have no idea ) you can : use adb to delete the . apk file : adb shell rm /system/app/Camera.apk . you may need to first elevate to root ( adb shell and then su from the shell ) . use titanium backup to uninstall it a potentially safer route that people take is to use titanium backup pro to " freeze " the app , causing it to essentially act as though it is uninstalled without actually removing it ( so it can be " defrosted " later if needed ) . this does require the pro version , though .
it would depend on the device . some devices have/had some real serious issues with their gps . the galaxy s is one of them . it can take 10 seconds for it to get a gps lock or it could take a minute ( or even more ) . if you never have any issues with your device , then i would not recommend running an application like this . if you can get a gps lock within a few seconds or so and it is accurate , then i would say just leave it alone .
this was supposedly fixed several months ago , but people are still reporting problems . i can read items on the card , but do not have write permission . to fix it , i combined strategies from a few sources . partition card with ms-dos partition table and ext4 filesystem . i used gparted on my ( linux ) desktop computer . insert the card into your phone . ( you will probably not have write access now . ) open the terminal emulator , installed by default in cyanogenmod . type in the following ( i recommend wifi keyboard for large blocks of text ) . give the emulator root privileges when it requests them . the $ and # indicate prompts , so do not type them in . $ su # chown media_rw:media_rw /mnt/media_rw/sdcard1 # chmod g+w /mnt/media_rw/sdcard1  this changes the sd card 's permissions . the owner and group change from system to media_rw , and it also gives the group write access .
you can use your usb-cable to connect your phone to the computer . if your phone does not pop up as external device , you are probably missing the needed usb-drivers for it .
i just a got an email from the heimdall dev , he said it is not compatible with the galaxy mini . thanks guys for your replies .
it seems there is a problem with google play . please take a look at the issue tracker .
in my experience , bluetooth tethering ( using bluetooth garden ) has been problematic . it disconnects too often , or can not open certain sites . usb tethering ( via clockworkmod tether ) was ok . this way , my phone would be charging while providing internet to my laptop . downside is i needed to install a program ( not an issue , because the program is safe ) on my laptop . another downside is i could not tether another device ( like a tablet ) to the phone . turning my phone into a hotspot , was a better choice . i could surf with little issues . i could connect my tablet or laptop to the phone via wifi . however , this drained my battery quickly . i would occasionally fix this by plugging my phone to an outlet with a charger .
we confirmed with the device manufacturer that the devices use ntp to sync the time with pool . ntp . org . after a bit of research of my own , i discovered that ntp is configured in /system/etc/gps.conf . you have to be root to edit this file , but i was at least able to confirm that the information given to us was correct . we have opened the firewall to traffic going to pool . ntp . org , and so far all of the devices have kept in sync , so it looks like this has worked as intended . thanks to http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1200089 for the info on the ntp config file .
turns out the issue appeared to be specifically with a google maps update . i have received two updates over google play since then and the problem appears to have resolved .
if you are rooted , you can use an app like titanium backup to back up your apps ( and their data ) .
disabling the proximity sensor seems to have worked : after some testing , i got no freezes at all .
this will not help people who are still waiting for their phone to be upgraded , but the stock ice cream sandwich ( android 4 ) launcher has something similar built in - it shows a cascaded view of the first three icons in the folder .
impossible to predict what their techs would do . theoretically they certainly can deny repair service on bootloader-unlocked phones , since it clearly says that you are voiding your warranty when unlocking the device : important information please note that you may void the warranty of your phone and/or any warranty from your operator if you unlock the boot loader . sony ericsson can then no longer guarantee the full functionality of your phone , and will not be responsible for any unsigned custom software being flashed to the phone after the boot loader is unlocked . . . . however , unlike the carriers ( who 100% always check the bootloader status , ) manufacturers have been known to turn a blind eye on this from time to time . for example , i have sent my atrix 4g to motorola for repairs twice after unlocking its bootloader . both times their techs repaired the device , and even re-locked the bootloader for me . htc is also known to be lenient towards repairing unlocked handsets . you can always try calling sony 's support department and anonymously ask where they stand on repairs for bootloader-unlocked handsets . you may not like their answer though .
it will not ask for a password for free apps since there is no danger of financial loss of any kind , it is a good point however there are apps on google play that can ' lock ' certain apps check 'https://play.google.com/store/search?q=app+locker' or something to that effect this one looks like it does the job : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.domobile.applockfeature=search_result#?t=w251bgwsmswyldesimnvbs5kb21vymlszs5hchbsb2nril0 . they will enable control of apps via a pin
as mentioned in a comment it really depends on what app you are using to provide tethering . on the stock htc tethering app there is a view called " manage users " which lets you see a list of connected devices listed be resolved host name . touching each device reveals its hardware address and currently assigned ip address . as far as i can recall it is the same for the stock samsung g s2 ( at least in this region - northern europe ) .
i highly doubt it is to do with being ' pre-paid ' or not . more likely , it could be from a number of reasons . such as internet connection where carriers can limit the download file size . i personally know that dl'ing larger files over the carrier network will fail unless it has a ' resume ' or some sort of authentication feature .
as far as i know , batteries will not fry on constant charging . they chips in them that control overcharging and low charge . so they will not die easyly . i am using my desire just like you explained for almost 2 years and it is just like the first day , i need to charge it every day : )
i use sms backup and restore which backups your text messages to an xml file on your sd card ( does not require root ) . this way at least you can safely lower the message limit and still save your messages somewhere . i am not aware of any way to lower the limit without the messaging application automatically deleting old messages - in the stock messaging app anyway .
there is an app in the market with the id " com . ebproductions . android . launcher " that is gingerbread launcher free . this appears to be a slightly modified version of the aosp stock gingerbread launcher that someone 's made available for devices that do not come with the stock launcher installed .
the galaxy s2 has an unlocked bootloader , which means you can install any rom on it , rooting is not mandatory , some roms have root privileges , some do not .
it looked like a gingerbread-related problem . since android 3.0 you can login with any google account , with or without gmail .
this actually can happen with any rom you install . if you are not installing a " new " version of the same rom , you can get in to a boot loop . you have to do a factory reset and clear the data and cache when installing a new rom for the first time . if you are installing an upgraded version of the rom , you do not have to do the wipe ( unless the instructions tell you that you should ) . but you should always clear the cache . when the device boots up for the first time , after clearing the cache , it needs to rebuild the cache for the applications you have installed . the more applications that you have installed , the longer it will take to boot the first time . keep an eye on the " boot up " , if it looks like it is " starting over " and not just replaying the boot animation , you are in a boot loop . if you have adb installed , you can plug the device in and look at the logcat that is going on during the boot process . this can also help you determine if you are in a loop or not .
i tried formatting the card again , this time on my computer , using gparted and it worked . i cleared the data of the media storage app and restarted the phone and now all media is visible to all apps again !
i use droidwall for this purpose - it is a firewall with a whitelist or blacklist configuration . also avg antivirus free and lookout for detecting virus and other malware . set droidwall to whitelist mode with log enabled , which disables internet access for all apps and services except the ones you explicitly allow . then use the phone for a while , open up all the apps once , restart the phone ( all this to give a malicious app a chance to get activated ) . then , open droidwall and view its log . you will see all the apps which tried to access the internet and the ip addresses they tried to connect to .
the proximity sensor on most smart-phones with touchscreen exists to disable accidental touch events . the most common scenario is the ear coming in contact with the screen and generating touch events , while on a call .
install this wifi tether and configure it according to video . it is working
finally the market updated itself after force-stopping it , clearing its data and cache , starting the app again , and then exiting it and leaving the phone alone for an hour or two .
the answer can be found in the backup tag-wiki . in short : adb backup is the newer file based backup scheme introduced in android 4.0 . it creates a backup of the file system tree and files . better explanation would be it is a logical backup , as files are mainly grouped by apps . side-effect is that files not having a clear relation might be missing from such a backup . it is secure , because you need to unlock the lockscreen first to proceed and one can also encrypt the backups themselves . backups can be done online . this method allows finer-grained control over what gets backuped and restored . nandroid backup is the older partition based concept , i.e. it creates images of the file systems ( think of norton ghost or rather the dd linux tool to have something to compare with ) . a better term here would be physical backup , as it is a blockwise copy . a recovery mode that supports this method ( e . g . clockworkmod recovery ) needs to be installed and started . backups can be created and accessed without entering the lockscreen passphrase . this method is an all-or-nothing approach , restoring individual apps is not possible ( without 3rd party support by titanium backup pro , for example ) find some more details in above mentioned tag-wiki , which also links to further ressources .
i gave up on adobe pdf reader , too bad it does not have a simple " file open " option . i downloaded beamreader free version , and so far it is working . it actually allows you to browse the directories and open files , what a concept ! i was going to buy the speedsoftware explorer suggested by @matthew above , but never bought an app before , and got this issue : buy an app - message : &quot ; none of the accounts on your phone are supported&quot ;
got the answer : i installed a fresh rom ( rootbox ) and it helped . weird that it did not help before . now i need to search a solution for faster gps fixing .
there are several system monitors available you might want to give a try . some of them log activities while running in the background , so no information is lost when the device has to be rebooted . while these might not directly point out the troublemaker , you could still see at what time the freeze happened , and which apps might have been active then -- so they should bring you at least closer to finding the culprit . one of those monitor apps is systempanel app / task manager ( it has a free trial version , but that does not log in the background but only allows for " live monitoring" ) . some screenshots from the playstore for illustration : systempanel ( source : google play ) an alternative would be system tuner , which offers similar functionality .
prior to android 3.0 ( honeycomb ) , android did not natively supported encrypting local storage at all . android 3.0 introduced the ability to encrypt the local device , and to enforce device encryption by activesync policy . other than the galaxy nexus , every phone currently on the market is running either a 1 . x or 2 . x version of android , none of these support device or removable media encryption in the android os , it is possible that some manufacturers may have added encryption , but this is not a standard part of the os available to standard activesync implementations . for android 4 . x phones ( currently only the galaxy nexus ) full device encryption ( and the relevant policies ) is brought to phones but this still does not seem to include removable media .
select Google Maps as default and then you only need to select Navigation to open Google Navigation .
yes . there is nothing magical to restore /system partition to original state . many users gain root access temporarily to remove bloatwares from /system/apps and then unroot . but , remember , if un-rooting method involves flashing /system image , you will lose your changes . so , use proper un-rooting method .
adb reboot bootloader  then fastboot flash &lt;whatever-it-is-you-want-to-flash&gt;  if you see at any point when executing fastboot command , the pc is not configured to use fastboot properly . most typically , this is because you are not running fastboot with elevated privileges . it may also be that you do not have the drivers correctly installed , which may happen under windows 8 because of its insistence on signed drivers . - source
it is very unlikely that samsung will ever release an unmodified android firmware for the galaxy s ii . they have never released one for their galaxy s family of phones without their touchwiz " enhancements " . historically the only android devices that have run the stock os have been the very early phones released by each manufacturer ( before they had written their own customizations ) and the google nexus series of phones . if you stray away from that you are going to get modified firmwares , interfaces and apps . one of the big downsides to using a phone that has extensive manufacturer customizations is that this means that they will generally be a lot slower in pushing out updated versions of the android os to you . phones with manufacturer customized os 's are normally updated months after the nexus devices , if ever . this is because the manufacturers have to do lots of work and testing to re-integrate all of their changes and customizations back into the os every time the base os changes . factor in the fact that phone companies often drag their feet in certifying the updated os 's on their networks and you have a huge set of delays before the updates reach your phone . the big upsides to a customized os is that the manufacturer will often add a lot of features that are not available to stock os phones , eg samsung 's touchwiz offered built-in wireless tethering well before it was added to the stock os in froyo , both htc sense and samsung touchwiz add remote phone tracking and wiping features to the phones ( in most geographic regions ) , their media players can generally play more formats , and the interfaces often look " nicer " . your main option for " clean " firmwares running the stock os for non-nexus phones is to use unofficial custom roms . many of these use the stock android interface and apps , with only minimal changes to either . see these questions for more on custom roms : what is the difference between : rooting , jailbreak , rom , mod , etc , and what is the meaning of “flashing a custom rom” ? also see this previous question : android phones without custom uis update : since this answer was written one things has changed . in mid-2013 google started offering " google play edition " phones for sale on the play store in certain regions in addition to their own nexus line of devices . these " google play edition " phones tend to be some of the more popular , higher-end gsm phones and are offered with the plain android os with google apps , and without any manufacturer or carrier modifications , just like nexus phones . so far these phones have been getting os updates much faster than their manufacturer modified brethren . so far the phones available on there in " pure google " versions include the samsung galaxy s4 , htc one , lg g pad 8.3 , sony z ultra , and motorola moto g . as these are generally the exact same hardware as their manufacturer branded siblings there are often fairly simple ways to apply these " clean " oss to branded phones ( but do check that you really do have the same hardware , some of these phones have variations with the same name , but different hardware in them , eg they may be available in gsm , cdma , lte versions with totally different radio hardware and soc cpus ) .
just tap the document you are reading . ( note , not a long-tap ; that opens a different menu . ) from page 5 of " getting started with adobe reader . pdf " ( which downloads with the app ) : my pdf documents are in adobe reader . now what do i do ? tap the middle of the screen once to reveal the toolbars . after a few moments , they disappear until you tap again .
the red cable pictured is a usb-otg cable too . it is no different to having the adaptor-style cable with a normal usb-a to micro-usb cable attached . so if your amp will work with one , it will work with the other too . just be extra careful when using a symmetric-looking usb-otg cable . usb-otg works by having the pins wired differently in the " host " and " peripheral " ends of the cable , so you need to be careful to plug the " host " end into the phone . different cables have different ways of identifying which is which , so be careful to check the instructions that come with the cable . of course , your amp might not work for other reasons . if it lacks an external power supply , then it needs the host device to supply enough power for it . most smartphones can not supply a lot of power via usb-otg , so in that case you had need to use it with a powered usb hub . the other reason it might not work is if it uses the usb audio profile . most android devices lack driver support for usb audio ; there are other questions about that on the site .
when you add the account through the gmail app , you will enter your account info , it will verify the info , and then ask you what you had like to sync , if anything at all . if you do not want anything to sync from the account , then nothing will be . if you change your mind , you can go into the settings -> accounts and sync , and the change it up .
as of this moment , it is a known fact ( not necessarily an issue ) that the xposed framework does not work with art . so , you either : stay with dalvik runtime , and get the advantage of using xposed ; or uninstall xposed framework , and get the advantage of using art after installing xposed , the runtime gets reset from art to dalvik . can you stop it please ? you can be glad that i implemented this , otherwise you would be in a bootloop know . xposed is not compatible with art ( yet ) . it is a completely different architecture with pretty much no documentation . rewriting xposed for the art runtime requires understanding the concept , the code structure and many details to know how it works . i have already spent dozens of hours on that and some things are working . but still it is a long way ahead . do not expect even a test version in the near future . so please do not ask when it will be available - you will surely know when it is ready . i have nothing else to say about that .
the feature is not present in android 4.0.4: it was added in 4.1 .
you might want to take a look at tasker , the mighty automation solution on android . i have not setup something as you request , but it is definitly possible , and basically should work like this : condition : event → phone ringing task : either http get or http post to your server 's url . for the task , you can make use of the many variables tasker has preset ( see : tasker userguide , variables ) . in your case : call name / number/ date / time ( in ) = %cname / %cnum / %cdate / %ctime you might need to play a little with it to get it working exactly as you wish . hint : a free trial version of tasker is available via its homepage ( 7-day trial ; on day 6 export all your settings , on day 7 uninstall , re-install , and import all settings for another 7 days , the dev said so ) . i use tasker for years , it never let me down , and i do not regret a single cent from its fee ; ) could not do without it anymore . . .
as per users it seems that the only official thing to do is to change mainboard that is somewhat faulty on this c8 series . service centre should handle such situation .
as of now , the checking for ble support has to be done manually by studying specifications and searching on google ( as far as i know ) . see this question on stackoverflow : bluetooth smart ( 4.0 ) / gatt support in android 4.0 ? it states that android does not support bluetooth 4.0 ( le ) out of the box up to android-4.0 ( maybe with jelly bean 4.1 onwards , the nexus 7 tab suggests that ) . manufacturers have to add their own api to allow access to bt le ( e . g . this app is limited to motorola ) . that is why your mileage may vary with different phones up to 4.0 . casio 's bluetooth le enabled watch is also an example of limited ( official ) compatibility ( not even the iphone 4s is mentioned , by the way ) . my best guess is that with more devices having 4.1 the issue will solve by itself and you can find apps showing it . here are lists by manufacturers : motorola htc : good listing not found yet google : galaxy nexus ( not with 4.0 ) , nexus 7 tab
as soon as the device gets factory-reset , you can forget about tracking it with google 's device manager : as your google account on the device is gone then , there is no way for google 's dm to communicate with it . unless you have installed some anti-theft solution which integrates with the rom ( and thus survices a factory-reset – a feature offered e.g. by cerberus , if your device is rooted ) , you will have lost all control then . but even a rom-integrated solution would be gone as soon as a new rom is flashed . as long as it is still working , you could take a second device and follow the lost one . once in range that you should be able to see it , you could trigger the 5-minutes-permanent-ringer . in the hope for an " honest finder " , who should take this as a proof and hand your device back to you . do not wait too long , or the battery might be dead !
normally phones should be able to install apps even if they are not signed . normally your friend should be able to install your app . i was able to download the application , and i could also start the installation from the link . make sure that your friends phone has ' unknown sources ' enabled in the security menu ( enable settings > security > unknown sources ) . because otherwise it will also not work ( without using google play == unknown source ) . no offense though , but i did not test all the way through the installation , because i do not trust it well enough and i have no idea what the app actually does . for all i know it is a virus ; - )
go to Settings &gt; application settings &gt; manage application then tap on the app . it'll say the version you are running under the name . you should not have to check though ; if the app in the market does not say " installed " then you do not have the most recent version .
there is an app which can do it for you . . . try the free one first , and if it works , then buy the full version : ) free : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.free.android.lvhfeature=search_result payed : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.test.android.lvhfeature=search_result#?t=w251bgwsmswxldesimnvbs5urvnulmfuzhjvawqubhzoil0 . have a great day : )
open the people application ( it is the name of the contacts app in jelly bean ) and edit the entry for " me " . set your picture there .
i would guess this is not cm9 specific , but based on a quick test on my kindle fire you can just hit the Back button on the account select screen the first time you launch music and it will simply skip it . also , you can unlink your account by clearing the music app 's data in your settings ( Settings-&gt;Applications-&gt;Music-&gt;Clear Data ) .
it sounds like the database is corrupted . i would go to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications and clear the data for gmail and gmail storage . if that does not work , try clearing the data for everything google ( talk , google framework services , etc . ) .
so i only tried to replicate the issue for a few minutes but even when i got the recorder to stop recording ( opening the camera app forced the recorder to stop ) it saved the recording . i am not sure if you already looked on the sd card but if you have not try using es file explorer ( or other file explorer ) and go to " sdcard/my documents/my recordings " . . . thats where i found my recordings . maybe its still there .
it depends which frame was impacted . if it was the " thicker one " this one is easily replaceable ( though you have to remove pretty much everything - there are videos on youtube ) . of course if you have a warranty sticker on one of the screws warranty goes bye , bye if you remove it . if it is the " thinner " to the front the only way to fix this is to replace the whole assembly - screen included which costs big ( about 250 usd import ) . that is because the amoled is glued to that frame - you had have to unglue the glass , and unglue the screen which is impossible without breaking it . ( source )
this has happened to me also . do a full wipe and flash the rom again . it takes around 5-10 mins for first boot .
it is really up to the developer as to how to implement the location service . the full description is available here : http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/location/obtaining-user-location.html the graph about 1/3rd down the page is pretty useful to see what a typical app might do , but again , it is completely up to the app developer . the location service types are : cached fix cell-id wifi gps mock location if the app requests permission for coarse location only , it will not use the gps to determine location . to answer your questions . . . it is up to the individual app developer , but in most cases the sequence will be cached fix , cell-id , wifi , gps , in that order . yes , after acquiring the tower ids or ssids of the wifi signals , that data is transmitted to google to determine a rough location . no , google has done something really clever here . google has their own database of cell tower locations , and does not require an interaction with the carrier to determine the location of the tower . this article has some of the detail http://franciscokattan.com/2010/02/06/dynamic-cell-id-clever-way-to-block-google-but-will-it-backfire/ the short version is that , when you use an app like google maps , the app will send the current cell-id information back along with your current gps fix . in this way , google gets a very good sampling of the signal strengths in various locations , and is able to build a very rich database .
the android bug report system . search to see if someone has already suggested the feature , then submit your idea using the feature request template .
finally i found the solution : when in car mode ( automatically toggled using llama when my car connects via bluetooth ) , i use car dock home v3 as home replacement . inside it is preferences in the " car mode system settings " there is an option called " samsung usb mount au . . . " ( can not read the complete entry ) . i had already forgotten that i checked this option since i wanted to know what it does . now i know that it mutes a2dp ; ) no idea what it should do but fortunately now i have sound again .
so i figured out a while back that it is my phones locale that is affecting this but never really thought i could change it . this morning however as i was doing a goolge search for " how to change android locale " i though about trying to search for an app on the market . sure enough there are a few that can . the one that i have gone with is made by inka . custom locale
usb data cables are pretty much interchangeable . even on devices that have modified sockets to allow connecting a headset cable to the usb port , you can usually still use a normal usb cable for charging and data with no harm to the device .
i know that you do not want to install any third party apps but without which you cannot get the language you want . for serbian try this app . visit this page to confirm the language support . " i would really like to avoid using third party keyboard , because this handset is very limited on resources . " which according to me is due to the less available memory on your device try to move your apps on the memory card ( micro sd card ) .
this is not a direct solution , but a workaround . you could forward the message ( but not send it ) ; this is a feature the stock messaging app supports . when you forward a message , it puts that message into edit mode , as if you were sending a new message . from here , you can select the text that you want to copy .
rom manager does not do anything particularly special to install a custom rom . it essentially makes a call to the recovery binary that allows it to save instructions for your recovery partition to run the next time it boots , thereby automating the process of flashing whatever zip file you choose . you could do the exact same thing manually . therefore , if your device needs to be s-off to flash a custom rom from recovery , it will also need to be s-off in order for rom manager to flash a rom . it will not work on an s-on device since it will not be able to write to the nand , and you will not even be able to get a custom recovery to stick in the first place , most likely , which it will ultimately need to flash the rom .
try colornote , the size in the current version , according to google play is 716kb , it recently got online sync although i do not think there is web editing yet though .
if you go to Settings -&gt; Backup &amp; reset there is a Back up my data option which states : back up application data , wi-fi passwords , and other settings to google servers in addition to this on the android os support site it says : a wide variety of your personal data is backed up autonmatically , including your wi-fi passwords , browser bookmarks , a list of the apps you’ve installed on google play , the words you’ve added to the dictionary used by the onscreen keyboard , and most of your customized settings . some third-party apps may also take advantage of this feature , so you can restore your data if you reinstall an app . if you uncheck this option , your data stops getting backed up , and any existing backups are deleted from google servers . as for the security concerns although i assume they must be sending plain-text wifi passwords according to the backup service developer guide they are at least using a secure connection to do it over .
try downloading and using a third-camera app from the market . the restriction is apparently on the stock camera app , not on the hardware ( the camera itself ) . i downloaded retro camera , and it is able to take a picture when my galaxy s is on low battery . that might not be the app you want , so do a search on the market with the keyword " camera " .
you are missing the ratings of users who did not leave comments . a large , significant number of users do not leave comments , but they do rate apps . this is what a developer will see in their dashboard , a breakdown of all ratings of their app : so i have an average rating of about 4.57 out of 331 ratings . however , in the dashboard i only have 6 pages of comments , and each page has up to 20 comments . so i have no more than 120 comments on my app . so you had only be seeing 1/3 of the ratings for my app in particular .
the problem was bad ( or improperly upgraded ? ) saved data in the launcher app . here 's how i fixed it . at the dialog above , press " report " when in the report screen , drag down the notification bar at the top of the screen . press the settings button in the upper left of the notifications area . tap " apps " , then " all " , then find launcher in the list . tap launcher . tap " clear data " . you lose your home screen customizations , but at least the phone now works again .
i have obtained an answer from mozilla support , so i post it here for the community . the feature seems to have been removed . however , any hack is welcome :- ) support said : using nightly you can find pre-installed search engines in ' settings ' → ' customize ' → ' search settings ' . i do not think there are plans to re-introduce disabling default search engines anymore . there are no plans to introduce removing pre-bundled search engines .
it could be a misbehaving app keeping the device awake ; i have that about once a month with my motorola milestone 2 . did not figure out how to prevent it , but a reboot always solved it . a proposal how to " catch " it , however : there is an app called drainguard available on the playstore . it watches your battery consumption , and gives an alert as soon as it detects a " sudden drop " . this helps to notice the " power drain " before the "5% alert " makes a noise and switches your phone off -- so you can either start investigating while the process is ongoing ( some time left before " full drain" ) , or simply trigger an immediate reboot to " kick the bad guy out " when in a hurry .
have had a look at the kmsg , and logcat , the logcat was showing this : am wondering is there an issue with the camera , as matter of interest , when taking a snapshot with the camera , it usually plays back an audio clip of sound of " snapshot " when the button is pressed ? this is coinciding with the oops : so my guess is that the media player , somewhere , between qualcomm hardware that controls the camera , and the playback crashed . am hedging bets on the kernel 's camera itself . . . best to post this on cm 's forum to see if this is known issue .
you could use e.g. calendar event reminder , and disable notifications in the default/stock calendar . with cer , you can setup reminders for each calendar separately , and even deactivate alerts for calendars you do not want to be alerted for ( in your case , the " work " calendar ) . the added plus is you will never miss an alert anymore , as you can configure cer to annoy you until you shut the alert of manually . i have bought the app when it was still payed , and it never let me down . unfortunately , i do not know of any way to do that with the native calendar -- but at least this is a free solution , though it takes an extra app : )
this has been reported as a bug in the android source but no particular action seems to have been taken . you can follow and star the issue on the android bug tracker . alternatively , one comment on the bug tracker notes some potential workarounds you an take a look at : just an additional comment for all those still waiting for this bug to be fixed : current version of handcent saves the " sent time " of the messages . it can be seen on " message details " . it is not the perfect solution but it is the best solution that we have right now . " sms timestamper fix " from andrperk worked for me most of the times but not always . additionally , some commenters have reported that certain handsets do not suffer from this bug , presumably because the manufacturer patched it themselves in their messaging application or sms framework .
seems like what you need is to set the " wifi sleep policy " to never . . . you can find that in the advanced wi-fi menu . then you could let your screen shut down and still be able to talk with no interference with skype .
you can simply use an app like earpiece . it does what you want to do . you can pop earpiece up on top of another application simply by holding down the search key . then check Audio through earpiece on a side note , use at your own risk . playing audio at high volumes , especially for a prolonged amount of time , can damage speakers and/or hearing .
can the app record my internet browsing and send it to an outside source ? it may depend on which browser you are using . the stock browser should save it is browsing history within its private storage . if there is no root exploit , an external app should be unable to access the browsing history . can the app upload to an outside source photos that i have taken ? if the app requests and gets granted the write external storage permission , it would be able to access your photos . then it would only need the internet permission , to upload these photos so some site . can the app look at data from other apps and use it ? usually not . but again , if there is a root exploit available for your firmware version , it could use it to access every piece of data on your android device . are there particular app permissions which are rare requirements that might indicate a malicious app ? well , it depends on what the app should do and what permissions are requested . most apps that could also run offline , request the internet permission for ads . contact the app developer if you are not sure why the app needs/requests a particular permission . i would be careful with permissions that could also cost you money : send sms and call phone . i have heard that some strange social network app requests now send sms for some reason . also the read phone state and identity is pretty common , because it is needed for backwards compatibility with older android versions . but it allows the app to read for example your imei , which is unique to your device .
i wanted to be able to use adb 's ability to simulate touch input to pair a bluetooth mouse to my phone , but it does not seem like this is going to be possible because i am running 4.2+ which requires rsa fingerprint authentication . . . which none of my computers have permission for . i will order a usb 3-way y cable and use a hack version of usb otg to plug in a physical mouse . i can do this because i can use adb through fastboot to temporarily boot a non-touch cwm recovery , then use adb to push the modified kernel img and flash using the non-touch interface , which should then hopefully boot up . since i am on cm10.2 i already know franco kernel causes soft-brick , so hopefully the modified otg stock kernel does not cause soft-brick . once i have the phone fully booted , it should just be a matter of connecting a power source and pointing device to interface with my device .
if your talking within your app , this is impossible as you cannot override the home button even if it is soft or hard button . so a full lock is always impossible . this is to stop rogue app 's taking full control of the phone .
posted my question too quickly , i just found a way to do a bit the same , when the keyboard is out , a press on back will hide it , this is handy when filling forms with numerous entries , to make the keyboard pop out again simply click in a text field . . . this is enough so far , and a long press on the menu will bring out the search window .
the most accessible way to get a copy of the app itself would probably be to download a stock rom in zip format and just extract the htc camera app ( /system/app/HTCCamera.apk ) . a de-odexed version would probably be easiest , but in theory you could extract both the . apk and the . odex file and put them on your device if you wanted . to be honest , though , i would be pretty skeptical about the htc camera working on your rom since deck is not sense-based . you can give it a shot , but i would wager it relies on some sense framework files ( never tried it myself ) .
as far as i know ( not from us/ca ) the p999 is a t-mobile g2x device with vanilla android , whereas p990 is lg optimus 2x . the specs are mostly similar but there are certain differences , such as the os customization . maybe a custom rom will bring the functionality to the g2x as well .
as you have got your device with a contract , this added a special barrier to updates . short explanation how that goes : google ( or rather the aosp , android open source project ) releases a new android version . this is usually immediately available to nexus devices -- but . . . device manufacturers need to adapt it to their hardware ( drivers etc . ) and , in many cases , their special " skinning " ( htc sense , samsung tourchwiz , motorola blur , etc ) , which again at least delays availability of this update carriers using their special branding ( boot logo , special apps , and more ) so if there is a new android version released by the aosp does not necessarily mean it becomes available for all android devices . it might get stuck already in step 2 if a manufacturer decides to no longer support a device ( in your case that happened after the 2.3 release , so 2.3 is the latest " official version " available to the device ) -- and even if it passes this step , but you have got a branded device , it might get stuck in step 3 ( which most likely is what happened to you ) . the only way out if got stuck in steps 2 or 3 is checking for custom roms . as that " getting stuck " also affects developers , they often decide to build their own roms . many times this is done by porting a rom from compatible devices , adjusting the missing stuff ( or leaving some gaps , so there might be things not fully working , which then is pointed out in the instructions ) . so if you want to go the " do-it-yourself " way ( after having t-mobile unlocking the device , if needed ) , check how do i root my samsung galaxy s ? for how to root your sgs , and where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ? for fitting roms . the " how-to-flash " usually is described on the page you can download the rom from .
the issue is that there is only wpa_supplicant version 1.0 available in debian wheezy . for support of wifi direct you need wpa_supplicant version 1.1 or higher . you can download and compile the latest wpa_supplicant on your own . this way you make sure wpa_cli is available and wifi direct is supported .
i can not say for sure , but there is probably a zero-width non-breaking space , or some other invisible or unprintable character , at the start of the label , causing it to sort ahead of normal characters .
looks like it depends on the book . from google play support : downloading free music , tv shows , and certain free books and magazines is still considered a transaction , even when the price of the item is $0.00 . if you do not have a credit card associated to your google wallet account or if you do not have not set up a google wallet account , you will be prompted to add a new payment method upon when downloading certain content from google play .
i finally was able to get adb enabled on the beagleboneblack . below is my solution with some debugging pointers . i downloaded and created ad ti-android jb image from scratch . when i booted the beagleboneblack with this image adb worked as expected . below are some of the outputs . lsusb output for the jb image built using latest rowboat files ( jan-2014 ) note : 18d1:d002 google inc . dmesg output for the jb image built using latest rowboat files ( jan-2014 ) note : idvendor= 18d1 idproduct= d002 following is the lsusb output for bbb-angstrom note : 1d6b:0104 linux foundation multifunction composite gadget dmesg output for beagleboneblack ( bbb ) -angstrom note : idvendor= 1d6b , idproduct= 0104 ( as suggested by dan hulme ) edit Command: Sudo ./adb devices Response: List of devices attached ????????? no permission Solution: sudo ./adb kill-server sudo ./adb start-server  from eclipse reference : android error : failed to install * . apk on device *: timeout
here are the locations you can try to back up : however , if you are trying to install ics a complete wipe is most definitely required . generally , re-partitioning the internal memory should wipe its contents . i would try manually re-flashing recovery , wiping the device completely ( system , data , cache , and dalvik cache ) and re-flashing the rom . if you do manage to salvage any app data , i would highly recommend not restoring it on the new rom , as that can lead to problems , especially if you are backing up to fat/ntfs drive ( linux file permissions are lost . )
ota upgrade has been stopped due to several sw issues . a modified upgrade is expected within weeks , be patient . ( i do have the upgrade , but not installed as i have read about the problems . . . now i am refusing it every day : (
what software do i need to add to do this or can it be done with the built-in software ? all software for it is built-in . look through Setting-&gt;Wireless &amp; networks menu . there must be items like Portable Wi-Fi hotspot and Portable Wi-Fi hotspot settings
i can give you one suggestion . based on the what you have posted and based on what i understand do the following thing . * . backup all your data through bluetooth and do a settings reset . (Settings --&gt; Privacy --&gt; Settings reset) . and try to connect to computer using your usb setup . if still no help do the next step * . do a factory reset . (Settings --&gt; Privacy --&gt; Factory data reset). if still no help then that might be hardware issue . go to any samsung customer service center . they might replace only the pins section .
you can do it according to this post on xda : make a file called 99applock . txt insert code below and put you messaging service in where it says ppid ( that usually can be found in data/data if your using aftermakrket sms app ) remove the . txt extension and put file in ect/init . d and just give it 777 permissions , it works for me .  #!/system/bin/sh sleep 60 PPID=$(pidof com.your.app) echo "-17" &gt; /proc/$PPID/oom_adj renice -18 $PPID 
the only way to add more widget is to install an application that allow their widgets to be used on the lockscreen . developers need to specify if their widgets can be used on the launcher , the lockscreen or both . so , if a widget is available on the launcher but not on the lockscreen , i am afraid that you can not use it on the lockscreen . ( but you could mail the developer so he makes his widget available on the lockscreen ) . as said in the comments , a xposed module is available for rooted to user that enable all widgets on lock screen : gravitybox
sms messages are stored in data/data/com.android.providers.telephony/databases/mmssms.db . if you can not see it in your root explorer ( or it is to small ) , try rebooting your device or simply - connect your phone to the computer and copy that file ( using e.g. adb ) on it and i am sure you will be able to read it properly .
this was solved by going into /data/data/ and finding the appropriate folder belonging to the failing app . i found one with " swiftkey " in the name , deleted it , and following that the update worked just fine . most likely , the app installation was failing in the background with INSTALL_FAILED_UID_CHANGED due to the app being restored with titaniumbackup , as detailed in this answer . so , in short , this seems to be an error caused by the uid changing between installs and google play throwing a fit , and it is solved by making sure app data is removed .
disclaimer : i do not own a nexus . so the answer does come from internet sources ( xda ) . as per this thread these are some of the responses from the owners which indicates that the portable wi-fi hotspot settings is indeed present in the settings . the option for hotspot tether is there both before and after the system update . nexus 7 fhd lte with t-mobile sim has tethering and hotspot available but not with newly activated at and t data plan sim . the tethering feature disappeared in setting . when i re-insert t-mobile sim that comes with the tablet , the mobile hotspot is available again in the settings . so , it is safe to assume , only if your carrier allows tethering or you have a tethering plan the option will appear in the settings menu .
there is a really good thread of discussion about this on androidforums here . in short , leds have a long life span ( 20k+ hours ? ) . so the concern is not really the leds burning out ( although after a long period of time , they will eventually start losing the amount of output and their brightness will dim ) . the real concern is to not apply too much voltage to the led and overheat it . another concern would be overheating your battery ( due to heat dissipation from draining the battery from powering the led ) . in short , if you are only using the led for time periods less than half an hour , you should be okay . if you need to use it longer , go get a real flash light . : )
outside of email and the browser , you can only copy text from editable text fields , so you can not directly copy text from other people 's tweets in the twitter app . workaround : install copy to clipboard from the market . this integrates with the ' share ' menu . by sharing a tweet to this app it will copy the text to you clipboard .
the version of swype pre-loaded on most gingerbread galaxy s 's does have arrow keys built in . swipe your finger across from the swype button in the bottom left corner of the keyboard to the sym button alongside it , and you should see the cursor control screen instead . just tap the abc button to get back to the normal keyboard . ( the other useful extra keyboard you can get is a proper num pad by swiping from the swype key to the f key in middle of the keyboard ) .
most video recording apps are imho limited to 1h non-stop recording , as you can find with a simple google search , which is probably a safety measure to not let you run out of battery -- as video recording is the biggest consumer ( see what can i do to increase battery life on my android device ? ) . however , a developer can have his app overriding this limit ( see max duration for capture video on android on stack overflow ) -- so you might just have to find a video recording app which has this setting increased ( as e.g. one eye browser in this linked pro-version ) .
the adb backup command will not work fully on an unrooted device as it will attempt to backup things like the /system partition , and without root access the phone will deny you this for safety reasons . i am glad to hear running it with the -nosystem flag worked out for you : ) if you want to do a complete backup you need to be rooted . the /system partition , according to this page : contains the entire operating system , other than the kernel and the ramdisk . this includes the android user interface as well as all the system applications that come pre-installed on the device . wiping this partition will remove android from the device without rendering it unbootable , and you will still be able to put the phone into recovery or bootloader mode to install a new rom . this means that your backup does not include anything related to your operating system , only your apps and their settings . if you decide to root your device , you can create a very solid backup from cwm recovery where all partitions are backed up to the sdcard on the device , including the system and boot partitions .
if you need to do s-on , flash that before flashing the ruu . other than that , just keep in mind that the ruu will wipe your phone .
bearing in mind i am using cyanogenmod6 + google apps your mileage may vary - but i can access my my maps as follows : open google maps ( the application , not the full site ) click menu select layers select more layers select my maps and your maps should be displayed job done [ edit ] looks like i would installed the wrong google apps package when i flash my rom last night , ( tiny instead of medium ) , and the updated version has the layers button up next to the search bar - so i do not need to open the menu ( step 2 ) anymore .
afaik , defaults on android is not preserved if apps that use the intent are changed . workaround : use intent to launch the application or its activity screen . intent is comparatively reliable though it may be changed when app is updated . take sending email as an example install intent intercept ( google play ) clear the defaults of email client choose " intent intercept " in share menu when sending email copy intent details of your desired application activity open tasker to " create task": misc > send intent edit the parameters ( usually fill in the action and extra is enough ) ref : http://tasker.dinglisch.net/userguide/en/intents.html p.s. some famous companies even provide you the intent details on their developer website , such as evernote .
the most obvious explanation is that the file is incomplete : there is only a small fraction of the file there , or only the first section of the file is readable . given that the symptoms you report in your other question point to sd card failure , that seems the most likely cause for this too . if this is a different sd card , it could be that the card itself is not at fault : rather , whatever you are using to copy files to the card could be corrupting the filesystem , or a dodgy usb connection to a card reader could be interrupting file transfers .
the only solution i have found and seems to be working with more than one services , is to make sure that i leave open in the task manager the applications i do not want to be closed down . this is not a bulletproof approach , but it works for hours or even days ( at least in my case ) and it is much faster than manually changing oom priority ( only to find out that oom changes back after a while by the system itself ) . ideal solution would be an application that monitors oom of services specified by the user and making sure it is kept at certain levels , but i have not found any that can do that until now .
" to turn on automatic updating ? " i highly doubt there is an intent for this - that is a user setting and android does not generally allow apps to change user settings . i think the best solution is to , first , manually turn on the auto-updates feature of the play store , and set it to wifi only , and second , launch the play store when you connect to the desired hotspot . just launching it will typically cause it to perform any pending updates . i am not sure how you specify this in tasker or llama , but you can launch the play store by sending an intent that requests that a play store url be launched ( e . g . the url of a play store app or publisher ) , e.g. new intent ( intent . action_view , uri . parse ( " http://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id= "+appname ) ) more info about that is here . finally , you should go to the wifi settings and mark your home wifi network as metered . whoops . i have seen that setting in the api docs here but now i can not find a way for a user to set it . maybe that is only available for cell networks , or maybe that is coming in future versions of android ( the api was just added recently ) .
well the answer seems to be to use weather underground 's ical subscription . it shows up and it gives you more complete weather info . only downside- it does not automatically pick up your location , it is hardcoded to a specific location .
android as a platform does not have any equivalent to gamecenter currently . some android games use openfeint for leaderboards and achievements , but it is not an official standard of any kind and it is not implemented in the angry birds games specifically . other games choose to implement their own leaderboard systems ( pewpew does this , for example ) .
have a look at the following issue with the apps that are installed on sd card after reinserting the sd card i was one of the hard user of link2sd application . what i observed from this app is that you should not remove your sd card once you have applications on your sd card . while phone booting some of the applications gets initialized . if the phone system does not find the sd card and its applications then it is going to break the link between the sd card applications and the system . you might be seeing those applications on Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage Applications but they will not be accessible . to answer your question there might be a way but not known to all . you can mail the developer of link2sd mentioning the issue . they might give you a solution .
it is impossible . you can only use sense ui on a rom that incorporates it . to regain it you will either need to return to your stock htc rom or see if there are any other roms that support sense .
starting with android 3.0 ( honeycomb ) , google introduced hardware accelerated 2d rendering pipeline . for now it is a tablet-only feature , but hopefully we will get that in the unified ice cream sandwich platform . that should be a bit with that slowness issue with pdf readers since they are only able to do software rendering in gingerbread and older .
method 1 . the base way is to sync your contacts to your gmail account from your sony ericsson w810i if that is possible . then sync that account to your galaxy and your contacts will be copied ota easily . method 2 . sync all your contacts from your sony ericsson to outlook . then export those contacts from outlook to a csv file . once you have your contacts in csv file you can import that csv file to your gmail account and then sync that gmail account to your galaxy s 2 and you are done .
have you had specific problems with this ? many roms will work fine when updating from one version to another . for example , the instructions on cyanogenmod 's forums ( taking the evo as an example ) say : upgrading from earlier version of cyanogenmod 7 ? perform a nandroid backup of your current rom . flash cyanogenmod ( your google apps will be backed up and restored automatically ) . specifically they are referring to a case such as upgrading from say 7.0 to 7.1 . the nand backup is just in the event that you want to roll back or something goes wrong , but in reality you could even consider that optional ( though highly encouraged ) . again taking cm as an example , you usually only need to wipe your phone if you are going from one major version to another . a good example would be if you are going from an android 2.2-based rom to an android-2.3 based rom . this is because there are some significant changes under the hood to android , and is not really related to the specific rom itself in most cases . the exception to this is typically carrier ota updates since they specifically tailor them to play nice with the previous versions ( end users would not want to wipe their phone for every ota , obviously ) . edit : just to clarify , what i mean by the above is that cm will not wipe your /data partition ( or /cache , i believe ) on its own , as described here . it will also backup google apps and reinstall them to /system during the update . you can wipe /data manually from your recovery or rom manager , but you certainly do not have to . i have read , though , that using rom manager to flash an update will automatically wipe /data . there may be a setting for this or this may not be exactly true - i am not sure because i do not install my roms this way ( i boot into recovery and do it manually ) .
your best solution would be to " root " your device ( see here if you do not know what rooting is ) . basically " rooting " your phone will give you permission to do anything on your phone . you might find it strange but currently , you are not allowed to do many things with your phone even if you own it : ) anyways , getting back to the point . you can do the following things to make life easier for you:- remove some of the pre-installed applications which you do not use:- after rooting , you will be able to remove pre-installed applications . remove all of them which you do not use . you can use titanium backup for this purpose . integrate update of pre-installed apps:- some of these pre-installed applications ( including google applications such as gmail , play store , chrome , etc . ) receive an update at a later point of time . when they get updated , their old version does not get removed . they are still taking up space . after rooting you will be able to integrate the update so that older copies get actually replaced by new versions . you can use same titanium backup for this also . move as many apps as possible to sd card:- after rooting , you will be able to move any application to sd card . again , titanium backup to your help .
the current encryption scheme is outlined on the android website 's " notes on the implementation of encryption in android 3.0" page . from that page , the specific algorithm used is noted as such : the actual encryption used for the filesystem for first release is 128 aes with cbc and essiv:sha256 that is the only official documentation i have seen for it at this point , but it is fairly lengthy and informative .
there is nothing malicious here . a developer uploaded an app to the play store that has the same package name as a system app from your phone . the new play store update tweaked the detection of system apps and it linked the apps . this will probably resolved soon . no need to bring the big guns . lookout and other " antivirus " tools do not show anything malicious because they could not tell angry birds apart from a nuclear bomb . they are completely useless against any sophisticated attack .
keep clicking on the Next button as if you are agreeing . then you can choose ' no , maybe later` to opt out of google-now . when you perform a normal search under your previous searches/ suggested searches there is a link to " get google now " again ! you can click the big x beside it and it will not come back . however , some updates and reinstalling the search app may cause this to recur again , but the steps above will get rid of it .
yes , with firefox mobile . the search plugins from addons.mozilla.com can be installed directly in firefox mobile . if the search plugins from addons.mozilla.com do not cut it , shortmarks . com lets you make your own search plugins to save on your firefox install . this guide might help .
it means some models have the nfc chip , and some do not . from what i understand , at the moment , only the model released in south korea has the nfc chip . my model ( from the uk ) does not have it . though i have been following sgs2 news , i have not read anything about the possibility of retrofitting a chip later - either you have it or you do not .
the original link is dead . i pulled this short guide from way back machine , copied here : with the first few official pre-alpha builds of cyanogenmod 7 being released , it’s worth noting that a new feature has been included that allows you to change the hostname on your device from the settings menu . if you have a supported device , you can get the nightly builds from the teamdouche mirror system . once you’ve flashed ( i take no responsibility if you break something – make sure to read up on issues/pitfalls/requirements before flashing ) , open the settings menu , then choose applications , then development , and select device hostname at the bottom . this setting persists between reboots and rom upgrades ( unless you wipe ) . warning : i accept no responsibility if you brick your phone while doing this . i ditched my iphone due to problems my local provider was having and got an htc dream instead . i promptly rooted it using the cyanogen mod , but noticed that by default , android reports the hostname as ‘localhost’ . i don’t really like this , so i set about finding an easy way to change it . first off , even rooted , the / partition is mounted read-only when you boot normally , so you need to boot to recovery mode ( home+power ) . in the recovery menu , choose to boot to console . from there , browse to /system/etc/init . d . important : make a backup of ’05userinit’ before continuing ! you can do this by simply running the following command – ‘cp 05userinit /05userinit’ ( without quotes ) . this will create a copy of it in the / directory . if you screw up your editing , you can just rm the messed up version and cp the backup back in . to add the command to set the host name , we’re simply going to echo in the following two lines : echo &gt;&gt; 05userinit echo hostname NEWHOSTNAME &gt;&gt; 05userinit  note that there are two spaces after the first ‘echo’ command . this creates a blank line at the end of the file . the second echo adds the hostname command . this way , whenever your phone boots , the hostname is set . also , be sure to use two greater-than signs ( &gt ; ) , as that appends – if you only use one , it overwrites the contents of the file . make sure the edits are correct by typing ‘tail 05userinit’ – as long as it isn’t blank , and there’s more than just the hostname line , you’re golden . reboot the phone by typing ‘reboot’ at the prompt and hitting ‘enter’ , and you’re done . once you’ve booted back up , open up your terminal emulator of choice and type ‘hostname’ ( by itself , no parameters ) – it should echo out whatever hostname you specified . update ( april 6th , 2010 ) : to change your hostname on cyanogen 5 . x , add the following line to the bottom of /system/etc/init . d/01sysctl — and make sure you make a backup of 01sysctl before editing it ! echo NEWHOSTNAME &gt; /proc/sys/kernel/hostname 
juicedefender allows you to turn your radio on and off and to set triggers for this . tasker will also do this . one thing to note , the "3g " radio is the same radio that you use to make voice calls , at least it is on cdma phones . by controlling the apn you can turn on and off your 3g data and reap gains in battery life without turning off the radio . i am not 100% on this but i believe for phones that are not yet on froyo ( 2.2 ) an app is required to control the apn like apndroid or quicksettings . i am not sure how well these work with the automated trigger apps mentioned above .
i would not want to call motoblur or htc sense just " skins " -- they are not a suite of visual enhancements , but an entire app suite that sits on top of the os . they are full-fledged graphical user interfaces with additional custom apps , virtual keyboards , widgets , etc . so , as to the benefits ? i like sense - its my major ui on the incredible , but i have also used my wife 's aria . the sense ui is cleaner and smoother ( hardware speeds aside ) . the custom widgets are smoothly integrated and have more features . other than the htc mail and messaging apps having a possible memory leak issue [ i replaced their use with k9 and gmail , and handcent ] , i have been pleased with sense . a smooth , consistent user experience with the interface can make using it better . it is not the be-all end-all -- despite the recent ms winmo7 commercials -- but it is nice .
open google now . go to Settings &gt; voice . change the ' speech output ' option .
check out locale ( more expensive , but easier to use ) or tasker ( less expensive , more complicated to use/more configurable ) .
it is not intended to hide the system bar ( combined soft button/notification bar ) on tablets . imagine the bar is hidden and the app you are currently using does not offer an option to exit . -> your are stuck within this app . some custom roms offer the option to hide the bar . general option would be to use some third-party-apps like hide bottom bar or full ! screen which can disable the bar somehow . unfortunately these apps require root .
the only work around for that problem is , to use this app -> cloudmagic ( https://cloudmagic.com ) solved my problem but it would be reate when google will fix this for the stock email app .
what shell is running on the phone ? - you can find out with ps i seem to remember having this issue a while ago ( but have not run in to it recently on my current phone ) when logging in to plain sh , executing bash or ash immediately after connecting was a simple workaround
this seemed to solve itself . after trying again just now , it worked . must have been a server-side thing . sorry i can not help anyone else that has this issue .
some tablets support usb hubs . source
in the htc dream ( g1 ) the umts radio ( 3g ) is a separate board from the rest of the phone . while this is a desire z and i have not had the opportunity to take one apart , it is probably very similar . the 3g/4g daughterboard ( or if it is connected , antenna ) could have failed , cracked , disconnected or sustained damage in some other way . software will not fix it . you have damaged hardware .
yes , any phone that has a front-facing camera and is running gingerbread ( android 2.3 . x ) and above will be able to join and initiate hangouts with the latest version of google+ app .
you can try keystore unlocker if your phone is rooted and keystore notifier if it is not .
as far as i am aware , android basically just does not work this way . you can turn off the screen ( "sleep " mode ) and put it into airplane mode for some extra battery saving , but there is no " standby " equivalent like on a laptop . the processor should underclock itself when you do this , too ( how much probably depends on the device ) . and , as lie ryan points out in the comments , for phones this is largely due to the fact that a call could come at any time . i would guess honeycomb 's behavior is essentially a hold-over from that since it is easier than rewriting it . that being said , if you just want a book reader , you might consider something like a nook color . the iconia is really a full-fledged tablet pc ( though running android ) , but something designed specifically for e-reading will probably offer better battery life .
cloning a sim card is not what you think it is . apart from the simple contacts information , the only thing stored on it is a code which identifies your phone to your carrier . it is like a user id , which the carrier can use to look up which plan you are on and what phone number you should have . although cloning a sim card is possible , it is not something you want to do as a customer . it is a technique used by crackers to impersonate another user to the phone network , in order to illicitly receive their phone calls . it may be illegal where you live . think of the sim card like a credit card . it belongs to the carrier : they just lend it to you for the purpose of using their service . if your bank sends you a new card , or you change bank , you do not " clone " your old card onto your new one : you just use the new card . and , just like a bank card , if your carrier did not send you the new card as a replacement for the old one , then it refers to a completely different account . if you simply want to move your old phone number to your new phone , you need to contact your ( old ) carrier to do this .
i am not sure how you had do that with the built-in file manager , but there are several file managers that will work . i use root explorer , and i have heard many other recommend astro file manager ( which has a free version , i believe ) . they should work if you have the superuser app installed ( i would assume it comes with cm , but it is in the market if not ) .
some options : try hitting menu -> refresh in gmail , there should be a notification prompting you to re-enter the password . if it is in the notification bar , pull it down and click it . clear the cache and data for all google apps on your phone : gmail , gmail storage , google framework services , talk , accounts , play store , etc . via Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications -&gt; All . if your phone lets you , go to Settings -&gt; Accounts and sync and remove and re-add the account .
my suspicion that rom manager does not support sd-ext backup is quite confirmed with my experience . while looking for alternatives , i understood that there are these three recoveries available : clockwork mod recovery ( cwm ) amon ra recovery teamwin recovery ( twrp ) i tried the twrp 2.2.2.1 from its xda thread and i am glad to inform that it did back up my ext3 partition . other than this benefit , i have a touch interface which is much easier in par with cmw 's user interface .
you can use a custom lock screen . just pick the one that you like
use xperia notes app . this allows you to add texts , draw pictures and record audios as well . it also has a widget . but the app may not be compatible with your device .
no . as reported and commented on by various users , there is no exfat support built in to android , so the nexus s will not read the disk .
android studio contains adb in folder android-studio\sdk\platform-tools it is possible to add to path in windows and use terminal inside android studio only by command : " adb shell " and after use " su " get root shell . locate android studio platform tools folder ( eg : c:\android-studio\sdk\platform-tools ) open enviroment variables in windows ( http://www.computerhope.com/issues/ch000549.htm ) add platform tools to end of path ( eg : ; c:\android-studio\sdk\platform-tools ) reopen android studio use terminal with command : " adb shell " older windows will maybe need reboot after change path variables .
it could be vad . it stands for voice activated dialing and is triggered by the service code *44* . i am not sure why it would do that all by its own without your interaction . an explanation could be that you are using a vad supporting bluetooth headset .
apparently , " this is not a user-configurable option right now " . i am not sure if that is a general android problem , or a specific cyanogenmod one . totally clueless about why , of course .
summarizing the answers and comments on a more objective approach . please edit this and add any verified procedure that objectively may help with this annoyance . you could try the obvious things like removing unused apps , cleaning up system cache , etc . if your phone is rooted , link2sd helps a lot by creating symlinks from original app locations to the sd card . android will think the apps are on internal storage , but in fact they are just linked there , real location is the sd card . specific apps , the biggest ones , can be selected for the linking process . you may try removing updates from stock preloaded apps , for only then updating to the latest version directly . these apps seem to take more and more storage while getting updated over time . that was my case with facebook for example , one of the most problematic about storage usage . this workaround should not delete app settings , since app cannot and will not get uninstalled at all .
the first step for any of these force close issues is to clear the cache and/or data from the problem app . whether it is the play store or youtube that is the problem is unclear ; you may end up doing both . open Settings Apps scroll down to the app you want and tap to open app info . ( if it is a system app ( without updates ) you may need to swipe left to " all " in order to find it . ) tap the clear cache button . if that does not work , return and tap clear data see also : app x isn&#39 ; t working correctly . how can i fix it ?
there bitter truth is there is none option to switch all automatic updated off in one go . i solved my particular problem by rooting the phone . since no exploit is known for 2.3.4 i had to unlock the phone . this in turn meant that both amazon mp3 and google books stopped updating themselves . which is one way to solve the problem . still i removed the files using the following script : warning : this is script from the “if you can not understand it you should not be using it” category .
that calendar app is the default included in aosp . carrier and manufacturer customizations frequently replace the aosp variants in favor of modified versions . this is what is happened with the galaxy sii updates . instead of vanilla android you received touchwiz . if you had like it on your phone , you can install it from the play store or flash a custom rom like cyanogemod or aokp .
this happened to me again . the process of unlocking was as follows : - call the android phone from a normal phone - pick up the phone - press the options button - click the button to add someone to the call - press the " go back " button it should return you to the home page . after that , setup pattern unlock . it only uses the touch-screen , so it works with a broken lock button .
i decided to look up some data , and my guess seems to be correct : http://nesl.ee.ucla.edu/fw/documents/reports/2007/poweranalysis.pdf according to the report , bluetooth takes the least amount of energy . however your 3g radio will probably take the most energy ; maintaining a 3g connection without transferring any data is cheap , but once you start sending/receiving data , then it trumps even wi-fi . wifi radios have a high wakeup and connection maintenance energy , but low energy per bit transmission cost and high bandwidth . cellular radios have low connection maintenance energy , but high energy per bit transmission cost and low bandwidth . disclaimer : the study might only apply for the particular model that the device they use .
this is not possible without a third-party application . a quick search on google play shows several apps which should allow you to do what you want .
this has some reasons , let 's try to sum them up : android has an open app market model ( there is the more or less curated play store but you can install apps from other locations ( 3rd party markets or self built/downloaded ) ) android may also not need antivirus apps ( most problems come from pirated rogue apps with added value piggybacked ) ios has a strictly curated app store and you are not allowed to bypass it ( unless you do not jailbreak your device but apple so far ignores the existence of jailbroken devices ) apple does not allow antivirus apps into their app store ( they do not grant the necessary privileges to 3rd party apps and ignore the existence of jailbroken devices ) antivirus vendors want to create a market for mobile antivirus solutions apple denies existence/possibility of malware for their platforms as long as it is possible ( for pr reasons ) to sum it up : android is more open than ios and lets antivirus vendors jump in while apple denies them access to their app store .
there is a solution , but unfortunately it is a bit tedious . this issue occurs because android caches the album art at a low resolution . it also generates file names for the thumbnails in a weird manner ( apparently by the value of the system clock the first time the album appears ) . this means that the fix will be manual unless you employ some computer vision software . navigate to Internal Storage\Android\data\com.android.providers.media and copy the albumthumbs folder to some local directory . you will see files such as 1345139729376 , 1345139731350 , etc in albumthumbs . these files have no extension but are actually just jpegs . you can just edit these files if your image editing software supports it , but we could add .jpg to make it easier . in windows this could be done via the command-line with ren * *.jpg . now if you are on windows you will probably see image thumbnails instead of the generic file icon and it will be easy to edit the images . i am sorry if you have a lot of albums , but since the file names are as good as random we need to actually look at each image and replace it with its high resolution counterpart . if you changed the file extension we can change it all back with ren * *. ( note the period at the end ) . we can then paste our modified album art back into the original albumthumbs folder on the device . the result :
most phones can not upgrade ( officially ) without a signed firmware package designed to upgrade from the existing version of android that is already on the phone . in those cases , you can not upgrade without rooting and/or unlocking your bootloader and/or flashing a custom recovery , which all void your warranty . some phones may not be as limited ; for example , the original software on the original galaxy s devices allowed unsigned updates to be flashed without needing to unlock the device . theoretically you could try to flash a firmware package from a different region ; it is hard to say how that would affect your warranty ( and besides , that is really off-topic here :p ) . you could also of course flash a custom rom with a newer version of android , which again will void your warranty just like rooting .
some android phones , like the nexus one , have special contacts that tell the os when the phone has been docked . the desire actually does not have these so can not automatically detect that it has been docked . car home can still be launched manually . another option is to look at an app like tasker . you could configure car home to be launched when certain conditions are met , like the phone is on charge and in a vertical position ( so docked ) . there are many other ways you could use tasker for this .
nexus ones do not ship with ' s-off ' , they ship with a " locked " bootloader which then must be unlocked . you can actually use fastboot to unlock the bootloader , just run fastboot oem unlock on your pc using adb ( android device bridge ) . modaco has a post here with complete instructions and a multi-platform download of the needed tools .
a friend showed me how to , you go to the camera app 's settings , then go to " quick launch " , and check " launch and capture " . it was set on " launch only ( still camera ) " .
summing up : cyanogenmod from at least v7 up has , as usual , alerts for battery low . it can appear in different places : in the notification bar ( ryan conrad ) on the lock screen ( onik ) i rawly remember even having seen a toast displayed . according to onik , there should be a setting somewhere to toggle the alert sound for this event on/off -- and according to this cm forum post . . . led lights are in cm settings , while low battery sound is in phone/sound settings . i was able to find the sound at the end of the mentioned list with cm 7.2 ( but not 7.0.3 ) , but nothing in cm settings specific to the battery low event . though : if really needed , this should be quite easily established using tasker . . .
i found this thread on xda-developers . if you have jail broken iphone and rooted android phone , you can transfer your progress . basically you have to copy two files , highscores . lua and settings . lua from /private/var/mobile/applications/ ( very long string ) /documents from iphone and replace them on android phone in /data/data/com . rovio . angrybirds/files/ . you also have to fix permission and make sure you have completed at least 1 level in android phone before replacing the two files . if you trust yourself you can also use programs like angry birds unlock all level in android and unlock only up to the level you have completed in iphone . but you will not have exact score and hidden star collections . so though little troublesome the earlier way might be what you want .
google recently released Google Hindi ime ( input method editor , a techy name for keyboard ) which i now saw with my friend 's nexus 4 . it has the requested rupee symbol :
you might need to remove the lock screen widget app from Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Location &amp; security -&gt; Select device administrators screen before trying to uninstall it .
unfortunately , it seems like the htc aria does have that ability , but at and t has removed it .
with later updates to the system , it seems that the issue has resolved itself .
it is not documented somewhere . but only updates that do not change the permissions are done automatically . if there is a change , the update will have to be done manually . but of course there is no gurantee that this will always work this way , because of bugs or design changes . if you are paranoid , turn the feature off . ( but then , how could you trust android that the permissions that are shown to you are enforced ? )
there is currently an application on the google play store called drivedroid that should be able to handle that task . please note that it needs a rooted phone . after you install the app , it is a pretty straightforward process . if you need a helpful guide , this how-to by lifehacker should help .
it seems i was running the 5.0 version of google maps . i tried to search for an update on the market , but i could not even find the app . the most surprising thing was that using the exact search strings , i was able to find it very easy in the browser . i downloaded the 5.2 apk , and i installed it from the sdcard . afterwards , everything worked .
from your home screen , press Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Language and Keyboard . from here select the keyboard you are using . in the next page of settings , you should see something like Audio feedback for swype , or Sound on keypress for flext9 . you can modify Vibrate on keypress there too if you wish .
there are different approaches to app2sd , which are briefly explained in our app2sd tag-wiki . the app2sd built-in to android only moves parts of the app to sdcard , while other parts ( e . g . the app 's data and its dalvik cache ) remain on internal storage . how much ( or what percentage ) gets moved varies from app to app – which is what you experience in the described case . moreover , an app needs to explicitly support this mechanism . there are different other approaches pre-installed with some custom roms ( such as app2sd+ ) , or separately installable on rooted devices ( such as link2sd or data2sd ) trying to fill this gap ; to completely move an app out of internal storage , one often has to use combinations of at least two of those tools . please see the linked tag-wiki for closer details .
its shows that your phone is in extended standby mode . you can find it in Settings-&gt;PowerManagemnet extended standby mode increases the standby time by reducing the background activities when the phone is in standby mode . data will automatically be turned off and background activities will be stopped from waking up , while applications will also be prevented from syncing data . you will still be able to receive calls and texts , while the calendar application and alarms will still feature normally . as soon as you unlock your smartphone it'll go returning to functioning normally . any ongoing downloads or bluetooth transfer will be allowed to complete and once completed data will be turned off . extended standby mode is replaced with stamina mode for xperia running on jellybean or higher source : sony
websharing : http://www.appbrain.com/app/websharing-file-media-sync/nextapp.websharing.r1
a google search shows me a lot of people have this question . . . looks like it is still an issue . although one post here says image viewer ( with animation ) v1.0 from androlib . com helped ( i have not tried it ) .
the problem could be your proximity sensor , which is located on top of the front of your phone . basically the way it works is if you are on a call and you put your phone to your ear , the screen will go out to avoid your ear messing with the touch screen . if you are under warranty , have it checked on your nearest service center . i had this problem once , told my service center that i think the proximity sensor is the problem , then they fixed it in under 30 minutes . check out this question and install the apps from the top answer and see for yourself : how do i test that proximity sensor on galaxy nexus works as expected
seems as if google is evil¹ and removed that option from jelly bean to enforce their drm schemes² . i found however a tool which restores it : automated framework kit ¹like we didn’t already know that . ²i have no idea what was the rationale behind it , but remember it’s the company which has a mail service that’s immensely popular despite not properly working with any major mail client .
i had a rom that failed to vibrate certain " very short duration vibrations " ( or those of low strength vibrations ) . i am not sure if its just a hardware limitation of my phone or the rom in particular , but you could try an app like handcent for now and play around the vibration settings in there . handcent sms allows you to fine tune the vibrations , adjust the intervals between each vibrations in milliseconds etc . .
here is my comment as an answer xd there are custom roms like cyanogenmod that allows you to unlock using your trackball , dont know if there on market is and app for that . . . --some minutes ago . . . -- hey there is one at https://market.android.com/details?id=org.liberty.android.anyunlockfeature=search_result called anyunlock , there are other apps like this . . . . --as you discovered xd -- pd : rate with 100 for the effort :p
i actually got this working again ! ! after opening up the case and googling some of the different numbers printed on chips and the circuit board , i found out that this particular type of tablet can have its firmware flashed by putting the right files on the root of a micro sd card . when it boots up it will automatically check for said files and perform an update all by itself . when it finishes it asks you to remove the sd card and then automatically reboots itself . it took me a few tries to get a good firmware with the majority of features working . some were unstable , some would not boot , some would boot but had no touch screen or soft button support , no camera , gyro , wifi etc . i finally found one that seems stable and has most features working , minus the camera . i have a few more left to try and see if i can get the camera working , but other than that it works great !
the l90 lacks an ambient light sensor , so there is no true auto brightness method . xda user gdjindal has a unique tutorial for adding a pseudo-automatic function on the optimus l9 ( it'll most likely work on your phone as well ) : link
where is it ? it is inside an apk file for some application . can i access it without root access ? you can download the apk to your desktop and unzip it . dolphin hd . . . points to file:///android_asset/new_tab . htm since dolphin hd is not open source ( afaik ) , you have no way of changing this behavior . you also cannot modify this file unless you sign the resulting modified apk file with your own digital signature , in which case you would never again be able to get an update to dolphin hd . you may wish to contact the dolphin hd developers and suggest a feature that meets your needs .
i had same problem before . user:eldarerathis was correct . it is swipe gesture that suppose to hide menu when you do not need it , but afaik , there is no way to turn it off . so , to get it back you should do gesture starting roughly a bit above browser icon and swipe down ( or up ) . i have fixed that another way - simply installed different launcher . problem did not appear
i was hoping to be able to programmatically suppress the default " my files " system app from starting when a usb storage device is plugged in , but it looks like it is not possible . however , i did find a workaround . first i installed a new file manager/explorer from the market ( i used es file explorer ) . then i went to android settings -> applications and then selected the my files app from the list and disabled it . now it no longer interferes with my own application that i am developing for my usb storage device . not the ideal solution , but it works for now .
there are two options from my point of view : buy a cheap replacement from ebay ( search for ' ba-s410 htc battery ' , the nexus one also has the same battery ) leave it ' charging ' , maybe it revives on its own background : liion batteries need a safety circuit because they must stay within certain charging levels ( not under nor overcharged ) . if that circuit detects undercharge it may just think it is dead and prevent further charging for safety reasons .
removing the battery and putting it back in solves the problem , at least temporarily . a few days later , i found the same problem was happening , and the same solution worked .
you can install cyanogenmod or any number of custom roms , but it sounds like you will need to develop a specific rom for your situation . if you only want the user to run a single app , i would imagine you had have to develop an app that declares itself as a home screen/launcher , and have your rom only include that app as the main launcher . this is basically how barnes and noble made the nook simple touch . their own launcher is very limited and does not let you install apps or see anything that looks like android . as soon as you get root via an exploit , you can easily install your own launcher that gives you access to the standard android interface and turns the nook simple touch into a fully fledged ( if limited ) tablet . a specific implementation is outside the focus of this stackexchange site , but you can get programming advice at stackoverflow . com
there are stock firmware images available for download here that can be flashed with the sp flash tool . in terms of creating your own rom ( cwm-based or otherwise ) , that is beyond the scope of this site .
you need to contact asus directly . google play 's support page says : nexus 7 limited warranty the nexus 7 is manufactured by asustek computer inc . asus provides a limited 12 month warranty for the nexus 7 . please refer to the warranty card in the nexus 7 packaging or review asus ' limited warranty details . if your nexus 7 was purchased from google play , please contact google customer support for service on the asus limited 12 month warranty . if your nexus 7 was not purchased from google play or you are looking for out of warranty repair service , please contact asus directly .
thanks to doug plenty for providing the answer to me directly . this is the subject of an apple patent and over which they are suing htc ( amongst others ) who customise android in a way that the stock os does not dare . see for example http://mashable.com/2011/12/19/apple-patent-victory/
you can always use sites like slideme . org , which " mirror " many market apps and allow you to download them without registering your android device . beware of stolen apps , though ( i.e. . paid apps which are available for free ) . you can also use the marketplace app with only a wireless router in range .
modern phones use li-ion and li-poly batteries . so the battery life is not affected by whether you charge them at 0% or 90% . it only has a long term effect . batteries degrade with every charge cycle . a cycle is usually a recharge from below 50% . so charging while the battery capacity is still relatively high has a long term effect of less degradation . the other frequent pseudoscientific habit that has no roots is a technique many call " formatting " , where you leave your battery plugged in for 16 hours or 3 * 8 hours with discharge in between or any other baseless claim by anyone on any forum or phone shop . if they do not have scientific evidence do not believe them .
based on my experience with chinese-made mid , we can extract it only if we have the access to it is kernel ( which usually the manufacturer does not release it ) . maybe you can start looking for the solution at tabletrepublic . com forum . find the specific device model and chipset used , and i am sure there will be a lot devs out there willing to help .
things like this sometimes happen when something gets stuck in cache . to solve that , the easiest approach is : boot into recovery select to " wipe cache " which works for both , stock recovery ( aka "3e" ) and custom recoveries . of course , with a custom recovery you can also " wipe dalvik " – does not hurt , just causes a longer first-boot after that . side effect might even be improved performance , especially when you frequently install/update/uninstall apps , as this wipe forces the entire dalvik cache to be rebuilt cleanly . the important part however is the " normal cache " , where it is more common that " things get stuck " .
phono is able to replace the carrier 's name with a logo : phono ( source : google play ; click image to enlarge ) take a look at above screenshot . see the t logo in the upper left , on the notification bar ? that is placed by phono . it additionally offers a bunch of widgets to show you network strength and other things , plus some shortcuts ( as shown in the screenshot ) . i used phono successfully on htc stock roms as well as with cyanogenmod . though your seem to have issues with your current beta-rom , those might hopefully be fixed with an update , so phono will work on that , too -- otherwise it might still help you in case you decide to switch roms : )
you can try syncing your phone contacts with gmail , preferably into a group . then use gmail 's web interface to export that group into a google csv format , use a text editor to replace " , 00xxx " with " , +xxx " ( and do any other editing while you are at it ) in the csv file , and reimport into gmail .
theming is independent of the launcher , although both may be considered part of the ui ; for example , the touchwiz launcher and theme are elements of samsung 's touchwiz ui . my samsung vibrant is running a custom rom called bionix , and they have re-themed the device so my checkboxes look like this ( perhaps the only thing i dislike about the rom ) :
it turns out that on the galaxy note 3 that the voice recorder app is hidden away inside a folder called , simply , " samsung " . there is no visual distinction between a folder and between an app , so i had no reason to suspect that there was anything of value or interest to be had by clicking the icon named samsung .
the following application : soundabout allows you to disable the headphone plug/unplug event detection in the settings : select wired headset behaviour and remove the tick from the wired headset detection ( ticked by default ) from my understanding what it basically does is that it registers a broadcast receiver for the following broadcast with the intent : intent . action_headset_plug and the receiver cancels the event using the abortbroadcast method . as previously mentioned by @nightcrawler most media player on android like poweramp , play music , vlc etc all have an extra setting to specify their behaviour on a headphone plug/unplug event ( ignore/comply )
i have had this issue and there are 3 ways to try to get around this . you will need a custom recovery to attempt 1 . or you can use odin alternatively for 2 . below . the superSU binaries are often ( but not always ) installed via recovery and the app itself gives this option . when superSU asks you to update the binaries , rather than select ' normal ' select ' recovery ' and see if it can install that way . flash superSU.zip directly in your recovery or Odin . here is the link to chainfire 's latest version . i have tried this myself and it fixed the issue for me on a number of devices . install an alternative super user app from the market . ( this can be messy , and you need to ensure superSU is completely removed )
on a pretty much vanilla build on my evo , i can get to it by going into Settings-&gt;Wifi-&gt;(Menu Button)-&gt;Advanced . it is listed as " keep wifi on during sleep " . just be sure to tap on the left half of the " wifi " menu item , since the right half is simply the toggle .
i called at and t , and this is a mandatory update . other than rooting , there is no way to avoid the message . you can avoid the download by not going onto wifi . if you install the update , you need to re-enter wifi passwords every time you reconnect to a wifi network . horrible ! i am avoiding this thing even if have to keep hitting the home key when the message pops up .
this video seems to cover it : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=luv31pkozcgfeature=player_embedded to recap : open camera app open menu tap " tags " uncheck auto-location tag done .
the " hc " in every sd-card name simply means " high capacity " - i.e. every sd card with more than 8gb is a SDHC card . every " sdhc " card is sd-standart 2.0 ( "sd 2.0" ) . which means your device is compatible with a microSDHC card up to 32 gb .
to turn off notifications for google+ , open the google+ app , press menu-> settings-> notifications , then press the on/off toggle in the top right . to turn off notifications for gmail/google apps mail , open the gmail app , press menu-> settings , select the account you wish to disable notifications for , uncheck the checkbox that says : email notifications to turn off notifications for google talk , open the google talk app , press menu-> settings , select the account you wish to disable notifications for , press im notifications and select off , and the same for video chat notifications to turn off notifications for google voice , open the google voice app , press menu-> settings-> sync and notifications , and uncheck the boxes for text and voicemail notifications . note : this is based on android 4.0+ , some of these apps ( especially google talk ) may function differently on pre-ics .
i also hit this issue . i even went as far as downloading the ics source code . it would seem that the music app on the nexus is " google music " , whereas the old music player is " android music " . the old one is actually included in the source code , but it is not installed as part of the standard image . i actually compiled the old one , and installed it , and when i created playlists there , they were visible to other apps . i suspect that because " google music " can do much more - cloud storage , music store etc . this means that it stores playlists differently . for example , an external app would not know what to do with a playlist which included content which needed to be streamed from google music ( and probably would not be able to access the service . i think google are changing the strategy in the apis . they now want you to use music controls to play the music in its default player . this makes some sense , but makes it very difficult to support apps which work in &lt ; 3.0 and > 3.0 , and will probably become more complicated as more people manually download google music .
i am not sure is dvorak is available on stock firmware for optimus v , but there are many 3rd-party keyboard apps on the market that have it ( some require a separate download via a plugin . ) once installed , activate it by going to Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Language &amp; keyboard , and marking the checkbox next to the newly installed keyboard app . then bring up any text field ( e . g . google search ) and long-press it . tap on the " input method " menu item , and you will be presented with the list of all currently installed and enabled keyboard apps . select the one which has dvorak layout and you will immediately be able to use it .
when the lock-screen is enabled , android disallows apps to interact with buttons in the way you ask . however , though it is not an app , but i believe cyanogenmod rom allows for this . and if that is the case , there will be other roms out there that allow for the same .
the application saymyname dessert does this quite well .
if it happened only once , it might have been a battery calibration error . this seems to be a defective battery . i would send the device back , if i were you . the drop seems to be too steep to be from a continuous drain ( like wifi ) .
looking at this , gsm:900/1800/1900 mhz , 3g td-scdma 2010-20250 mhz and scrolling on down a bit on that page under the ' data application features ' . . . data service gprs ; edge ; td-scdma that would explain it , no umts/hspa/hspa+ mentioned in the spec of that hardware , as that would be required to have t-mobile operating to enable 3g data . it may be basically a cheap and cheerful but crippled phone , but only for a certain market segment , if there is no supporting data protocol support such as umts/hspa/hspa+ , it will fall back on 2g .
since i do not know what the password is , i played around with it and failed enough times that it told me that if i failed one more time i could lose data on the sd card . so i failed one more time ( i did not care about the sd card ) and it did the reset just fine .
palliatively , i installed kingsoft office , although it is so big for my device ( it is about 13mb in size , and all my internal storage is just 180mb ) . . . so i had to remove some apps to install it . well , it does the work well : show special characters without issues . but i wait for a solution for polaris office . . .
apple ios no official native solution by google ( except for the safari web-app with a subpar user experience ) beware : all 3rd party providers seem to need your friend 's plain google password to be able to offer push support ( not just their app ) ! all have some sort of session timeout for push notifications ( when the app is in background ) : needs a relogin after that timeout ( eww ! ) . 3rd party apps i found : im+ pro , free , ad supported , push with unknown session timeout im+ , 9.99$ , no ads and longer push session timeouts as above . good reviews . beejiveim for gtalk : free , push session timeout up to 7 days , no voice/video chat for google talk pro : 0.99$ , push with unknown session timeout , noticed bad reviews in germany , good in us though windows phone todo blackberry has good support , download here symbian todo bada todo send me your findings , i will happily include them here .
this is the highest rated app i found appbrain : http://www.appbrain.com/app/pubtran-london/cz.fhejl.pubtran.london here 's the search i used : http://www.appbrain.com/search?q=tflsort=highest-rated
ahh , i should have known , ssh is the solution . therefore install an ssh server e.g. sshdroid then you should usually have sftp and ssh to your phone . as command line tools like sed echo and basename are available even renaming is really easy :d . the really great thing is you even do not need a wifi around , you can make your own with wifi thetering and sshdroid will still work , though you have to disable the presence of a network in its options first . you do not need to root the phone .
well color me dumb . i would recently installed an app called " autopilot " . it is supposed to put the device in airplane mode when there is no cellular signal . i work in the middle of an office building so it happens a lot . it burns through battery while it tries to establish a signal . the settings led me to believe that it would not touch wi-fi unless i turned a specific setting on . i did not , because i did not want to mess with that . however , after i uninstalled the app , the behavior has stopped . i should have checked that first . let that be a lesson : just because you do not think it is that new app you installed giving you grief , it just might be after all .
after much experimenting , it is apparent that you cannot put a widget inside a folder . folders will only hold shortcuts . i have a stock motorola droid with android 2.2.1 . admittedly , there may be a rom out there that lets this happen , and perhaps even a customized version from some carrier/manufacturer that allows it . but without significant modification , this just can not be done .
there are quite a few options already : chroot to a full fledged linux ( search for debian chroot android , it is got quite a few hits ) there are also native ports of debian or ubuntu for some phone/tablet models . shell access is already there : terminal emulator if you install an aftermarket firmware such as cyanogenmod you will get root access , busybox , bash , an ssh client/server amongst other things here 's the sl4a project ( scripting layer for android ) , it adds python , lua , perl and other interpreted languages to android you can build qt applications ( yes , even those using qtgui ) using necessitas -- a port of most parts of the qt desktop framework to android . applications as complex as quassel ( an irc client/server ) can be built with very minimal source changes . in theory this would allow you to build much of kde4 , though some parts ( e . g . the plasma workspace ) may be too heavily tied to xorg/glx . most c/c++ programs from gnu/linux that do not require a graphical interface can be compiled to run on android using the android ndk other things , you aware of . feel free to add it here
titanium backup does not require internet access , you can firewall it off if you like or just turn off your connection while you use it . the internet permission is used for downloading busybox if you do not have an appropriate version , but again there is no reason or need to trust it to do what it says , you do not have to let it access the internet . it does not back up to the cloud and saves the backups on the sd card . also , keep in mind that full backup apps require root . a root application does not need to request permissions in order to use those functions ; the root user can do anything , that is the point . you should take the fact that they do request the permissions as a good sign . they are letting you know exactly what the app does . edit : without root , you can use lifesaver 2 for sms . there are some options here for backing up contacts .
apndroid does not work on cdma phones . this appears to be the case with most such apps . internet scheduler and greenpower claim to work on them if you have gingerbread , though . there are some other solutions you can try in this google groups thread .
i actually managed to temporarily solve this : add ok to your personal dictionary and be done with it .
as you do not give any example , we need to guess . i doubt it is for " stopping themselves " for the call dialog like amit suggests ( as a background " live wallpaper " , they do not need to do that specially for call dialogs : either they generally need it for any dialog , or not at all ) . i rather suspect some ad module behind this ( see my answer here for details ) . for ad modules , the combination of INTERNET and READ_PHONE_STATE are quite usual : the former to retrieve the advertisement material , and the latter to access your imei for identification ( good cop : to know which ads you have already seen so they are not repeated too often ; bad cop : to get imei , imsi , your phone number , phone numbers you have been in contact with -- so a profile can be built ) . note that the developer of the app ( or live wallpaper in your case ) has no control at all what those ad modules do . all he can do is to take care to chose a " good one " , and avoid the " more malicious " ad modules .
requirements : have a sdcard with a second partition that is ext2/ext3/ext4/ . . . formatted . be sure /data/sdext2 exists be sure that mount-scripts are in place ( menu-> more-> recreate mount scripts in link2sd ) if unsure , do as root via adb : df | grep sdext2 should show you a mounted ext2/ext3/ . . . mmcblk0p2 partition
here is a summary of how i have implemented it . besides tasker , i also used : autonotification , for a richer notification . sms popup , for suppressing sms notification for the balance responses . sms auto delete , for silently deleting those sms responses after a while . profiles request balance on calls - on outgoing call , call balance before call , on exit call balance after call . process received balance - on sms received from the balance numbers , call process balance . show balance summary - on balance variable set , call show balance . tasks balance before call AutomatedBalance = Yes CheckConsumption = Yes Request balance by SMS  balance after call Wait 15 seconds Unset CheckConsumption Request balance by SMS Flash "Balance has been requested"  process balance show balance
you can try viber . you only need to put your phone number . personally i do not like it because of the ui and their notification mechanism but its a matter of personal flavor .
check out " need to write " in the market ! i just wrote this app so i am shamelessly advertising it everywhere . i was facing the same problems , so i made it to have no file size limit other than your sdcard size . ntw lets you display and edit files small chunks of the file at a time .
you can see the details of this at the android developer documentation , but an app can definitely tell if a wired device plugged into the audio jack has a microphone or not . i will tell you that this information is not always accurate or consistent across devices though , as i have experienced with my own app hearing saver . sometimes different phones send different codes for this particular bit of information , so if you are experiencing difficulties with certain apps not recognizing your headset , i would get into contact with the developer of that app .
when your phone is not turned on it can not have a adb service running ( disregarding the possible technical difficulties it would also be a security issue . ) try the following instead : 1 . take out your battery and connect the phone to a charger 2 . your phone should now turn on . 3 . insert your battery . it worked on my current and on my previous phones ( zte blade and huawei u8220 ) but it may vary by model and manufacturer .
i see this blog post explaining how to configure apn settings to browse through a proxy . at first , i could not believe that the apn mentioned ( as telkila ) in the post will be available in my emulator . but to my surprise i find a apn is available though with a different name ( as t-mobile us ) . since i do not have a proxy server environment , i could not check and confirm this . however the comment in the blog seems to confirm it .
you can use tempmonitor available from google play store : system temperature reading in your status bar updating at your choice interval . tempmonitor is the oldest cpu temperature monitoring app on the android market . this app is built to do one thing : temperature , and it does it well . some features that you might like : the temperature can be displayed on the status bar or in the app screen . you can also select what you want to see : choose from celsius or fahrenheit . choose what temperature to display ( battery , cpu ) . choose the update interval .
allshare is a samsung specific product , which might not be available to devices of different brands . however , as it is basically a dlna server/client app , you might want to take a look at some of the many alternatives available . a very good choice would be bubbleupnp , which acts both as server and client ( so you can stream from your device to other dlna/upnp clients as well as the other way around ) : bubbleupnp is a full featured upnp/dlna control point , upnp media renderer and upnp media server . play easily your music , videos and images on your phone and devices on your network ( dlna tvs , xbmc , wmp , . . . ) , from your external upnp media servers . play your phone/tablet media to those devices . browse and play your local phone/tablet and cloud media from other devices ( ps3 , . . . ) . bubbleupnp can also be used as a standalone music player , even without any network connection .
turns out this was caused by twilight , which had an option that can fix the install issue . with " auto-pause in specified apps " ticket , and " apk installer ( button fix ) " , the problem goes away .
by default , email attachments and browser downloads are stored at : /sdcard/download  can also be identified by some file managers as : /HWUserData/download  if the device does not have a user-replaceable sd card the location should be : /mnt/sdcard/Download  some apps may have their own default location , or save to appropriated locations based on the file extension .
no . such list could never be exhaustive as all the developers who got booted would need to collaborate to it . most warez markets do not exclusively deal with banned apps either , they usually host free and paid apps available in play store as well . for the record the term " apps that google does not like " is quite misleading . it is usually carriers or another external force that ask for removal of apps .
absolutely . the gmail app will not allow downloading of attachments ( images and the like are only " previewed" ) but you could use a third-party email app or the gmail the website to get around that . be aware that unless you have something like download crutch installed , android may not let you download apks through the default browser . you can just use firefox or another browser instead .
this is certainly possible with tasker , though i cannot give you the " complete recipe " . basically , you could create a task like this : execute command : ls -1 /path/to/your/files , and capture the output into a variable the command will list all files in the given directory , one file per line work on the variable . there are possibilities to convert it into an array , so you can use a for loop to handle each file again with variables , you can setup the rename command ( e . g . using variable search replace ) in a new variable . pseudo-code : mv "$old_name" "$(s/ /_/,$old_name)" but it is much easier to use a simple shell script in some terminal app ( or via adb shell ) to achieve the same : cd /path/to/your/files for file in $(ls -1); do mv "$file" "$(echo $file|sed 's/ /_/g')"; done 
link2sd only moves the app itself to your device 's sdcard . app data still go to internal storage ( /data/&lt;package_name&gt; ) . for every app you install , the android system automatically creates this directory – and i do not know of any app that does not put at least a few files here . for details , please take a look at the app2sd tag-wiki . it not only explains the different app2sd approaches taken ( including link2sd ) , but in " extended methods " also holds hints for a possible solution to your problem ( s2e ) .
System Settings -> Accounts &amp; sync -> select your google account -> make use of the checkboxes . sync settings ( click for larger image )
google 's android device manager service can do all of that apart from the remote control , though unless your phone has a new enough os to have it installed by default ( instead of pulled down as part of the google services updates ) it is difficult to remove rather than impossible . find your lost phone with android device manager remotely lock android devices
try currentwidget . it is a widget that you can configure to show not only the current but also the temperature and voltage . if that does not work , you could also look at android tuner free . look for the battery manager tab .
the new google hangouts ( that replaces the talk app on android and is available as a chrome extension ) appears to resolve this issue . you can move freely between the android app and the desktop and continue the conversation , with the full chat history visible . hangouts is not quite a separate application on the desktop , as it is installed as a chrome extension , but it uses the chrome api and runs as a background app ( when chrome is not running ) and appears as an icon in the system tray ( optional ) . i have only just started using it and reviews are mixed , but it seems pretty good so far . incidentally , you do need to be using " hangouts " on all devices . i first updated the android talk app ( the " talk " app is replaced with " hangouts" ) . whilst this communicated ok with a remote user on gtalk , i still had the issue of the local gtalk desktop client not being updated .
likely the wpa_supplicant file is corrupted . if you are rooted , you might be able to use an app like titanium backup to wipe the data for it . if you are not rooted , i am not sure what all you can wipe . you can try and wipe the settings database ( settings -> apps -> all -> settings -> wipe data , which might include the file , but i do not know for sure ( this will obviously erase all your android settings ) . . but you should be able to fix it by performing a factory reset/data wipe ( settings -> backup and reset -> factory data reset ) . google should remember your apps and automatically install them once you type your password back in , and all your sdcard content should stay untouched .
try my voice reminder . its a free app . do not know if it supports ics .
try long-pressing the Search button . it should be tied to voice search by default . then say " dial xxx " , where " xxx " is either a phone number ( with the area code ) or name of a contact from your phonebook . here are all the voice actions you can perform with the voice search app : http://www.google.com/mobile/voice-actions/ note : according to google 's last blog post on the subject , voice actions via this app only work in english language . you might need to change your phone 's locale to " us " or " uk " in order to get this to work .
you can use filtering to include only the selected app 's messages by the tag ( s ) used . use the syntax adb logcat YourTag:I *:S to show logcat output only from YourTag and hide all others . you can have multiple tags also , just separate them with space and have the *:S entry as last . if you need to get all messages from multiple tags in the same app , you have to fish out the pid . if you use linux/osx , you can use the command : adb logcat | grep `adb shell ps | grep com.android.example | cut -c10-15`  or you can check out proclogcat and use : adb logcat | proclogcat 
as best as i can tell on grepcode , functionality relating to walled gardens ( captive portals ) was added to WifiWatchdogStateMachine.java in 4.0.1 . i can not find it listed in the android api reference to confirm exactly when it was added , but that would seem to match with your nexus 10 having the feature but not your htc desire .
the clock do not have a specific name , although if i do need to mention them specifically , since the top bar is usually called the notification bar or status bar , i would probably call them notification bar clock or status bar clock .
unfortunately , it does not appear that straight honeycomb ( xoom , samsung 10.1 , etc ) devices have the ability to take a screenshot without some help . if you have the sdk downloaded you are able to plugin your device and take screenshots using your computer . however , that sounds really inconvenient . instructions can be found here under " debugging tips " http://developer.android.com/guide/developing/debugging/index.html there was also an independent app released on xda for honeycomb devices called screenshot er . one caveat , it does require root . http://www.xda-developers.com/android/take-screenshots-of-your-honeycomb-device-with-screenshot-er/ market link at https://market.android.com/details?id=fahrbot.apps.screenfeature=search_result
flashing a customrom ( usually any rom different to the one you are currently running ) requires you to do a complete wipe ( well , at least it is strongly recommended for stability reasons ) -- so the answer is probably : yes . data on an external sd card usually is not affected -- but as far as i remember , the gn has no such thing . you might wish to consult the following q and as for more information : how can i keep settings after flashing a rom ? do i need to revert to stock firmware and/or wipe data before installing a custom rom ? manually upgrade galaxy nexus 4.0.4 ( yakjuxw ) to 4.1 edit : just to be more clear : data on ( external|internal ) sd-card ( the nexus uses an internal emmc instead of the external sd , if i am correct ) -- that is the place where you store your photos , videos , music files , etc . -- are not affected by the wipe . just all " internal memory " -- i.e. the apps you installed , and all settings plus app data -- will be erased .
it is difficult to know whether an apk is safe or not . your best bet is to download from trusted or reputable sources ( like google play , amazon , etc ) . some ( trusted ) developers also provide an md5 ( or other message-digest algorithm ) hash of their apks . after your download the apk , you verify if the apk has the same hash . if it does , then it is safe to say it has not been tampered with . you can also check the permissions required by the apk / app , and use common sense ( or your own judgement / instinct ) to tell if it is safe to install or not . bottomline : always install from trusted sources . stay away from pirated apks ; it is possible they may have malware .
is there a way to hack the market/play app so that it can not delete apps from the phone without specific authorization from the user ? yes , there are tools to decompile an apk and dex files and make modifications and put them back together again ; you will need root , the appropriate softwares , lots of knowledge about dalvik and java bytecode , and many weekends spent on reading . also be warned that you are breaching the tos of google play . and . . . good luck , you will need it .
i found a solution to the initial problem . it seems that this is a common bug and in the software since at least anroid 4.2 . there is an application in the play store that does nothing but reacting to the bluetooth button and starting the voice recognition : voice command when i push the button , i have to select what app to start , i chose " voice command " after that i am asked again and chose " google now " and then it starts directly in the voice recognition mode . i do not know yet if it gets the commands over bluetooth or over the built in mic but it stops the music and starts the recognition . this works at least with my phone ( nexus 5 , 32gb android 4.4.2 all settings to german and my car radio ( jvc . . . ) )
it is in the app folder google . shame on you samsung for not making the difference between folders and apps obvious . well the folders look like this :
the only way to achieve this is to port over the old keyboard from an older device . this might break stuff , and probably is not the safest bet . you could install multiling keyboard and have a voice button on your numpad . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.klye.ime.latinhl=en
there is some hope to recover data which was stored on the “internal sd card” . samsung galaxy s2 supports usb connection in the mass storage mode ( unlike some other more recent models ) . this mode provides the required block-level access to the partition which holds your media and other files ( but not contacts , sms and app data ) . therefore you can connect your phone to pc in the usb storage mode ( not mtp ) , then use the same utilities as you would use to recover files from an sd card which was accidentally formatted ( one free option for windows is recuva ) . recovering data from the internal memory is much more harder for several reasons : you need to root the phone in order to get access to raw partitions ( with some phones which have an unlocked bootloader there is an option of flashing an alternate recovery image with root access through adb ) . note that the rooting process in most cases involves writes to the /data partition , which could overwrite the data you want to restore . the internal file system is not the usual fat or ntfs , like in windows ( recent models in most cases use ext4 ) , therefore many recovery tools designed for use with windows filesystems will not work well ( scanning the raw disk for pieces looking like data in a well-known format might give a useful result even if the filesystem is not supported , but see the next point ) . in most cases the app data is stored in some format not used outside of the android os ( e . g . , contacts and sms/mms messages are stored in sqlite databases with the android-specific schema ) , and these formats are unlikely to be supported by commonly available data recovery utilities . and this assumes that the phone repair lab did not just replace the main phone board ( which they often do , unless the problem was obviously in some other component ) .
no , you do not . the updates are received from the servers of the provider/manufacturer . this adress is saved in the rom . so you just need an internet connection via 3g or wifi .
it should be under your system settings ( the settings " app" ) , in the " date and time " subsection ( which is near the bottom ) . uncheck the " automatic time zone " option and then select the correct one manually :
you cannot issue adb remount unless your handset is rooted , which is why it failed in your case a la " remount failed : operation not permitted " . there is an answer to how to root the galaxy s2 .
if your device is rooted , you can use titanium backup to backup the maps application , which will backup the application and it is data . after resetting , again install titanium backup , ( you have to root again , if you had lost the root access , as a first step ) and restore the maps application . while restoring , you get a chance to opt for restoring app alone or app with data . when opting for the later , your offline data also comes .
once a manufacturer abandons supporting the device , your only choice is rooting it , unlocking its bootloader ( if possible ) and installing custom roms . google only releases the android source code into aosp ( android open source project , ) and has no say whether or not the manufacturer or carrier will update a given device . the only exception is the nexus line of phones that are supported by google directly . as it stands , aosp cannot be built for any non-google device without major work . even though manufacturers and carriers are required to provide the source code , it is true only for the part of the os . they do not have to ( and rarely do ) provide sources for the proprietary drivers , which are necessary to build a completely working android version for a given device . the community developers usually use the drivers from older os versions , which greatly limits the upgrade potential . the drivers sometimes are reverse-engineered which gives a greater flexibility to developers . there also is an issue of locked down bootloaders on most new android phones and tablets , which limits the extent of the changes a custom rom can bring . most manufacturers and carriers lock bootloaders to prevent people from " bricking " their devices . there are ways to unlock/bypass such locks for many devices though . bottom line is that if you are looking for a device that will be supported the longest - your best choice is a nexus line . otherwise , i suggest looking at various online forums ( xda-developers or rootzwiki , for example ) to see if there is enough interest in your device from community developers to produce custom roms for it .
this is probably because the icon pack you installed does not have an icon for those apps . icon packs only include app icons for certain apps and clearly the one you have installed does not cover many common apps . if you download another icon pack you may find that includes more icons for the apps you have installed . another option would be to contact the developer of the icon pack you have installed and request that they include an icon for the extra apps . if the icon pack does include an icon for the app but for whatever reason it does not change , you can do this manually . long press on the app icon in the menu that appears , click on ' edit ' click on the icon in the popup you should then be able to see all available icons , from which you can select the one you wish to use for that app . this will change the icon everywhere within the launcher ( i.e. . app drawer and home screens ) .
backup your phone this is important if you wish to keep any data from your phone . you will have to restore backed up data ( such as apps ) after you update . the only way to update to the latest software is to erase your device , so backup whatever you do not want to lose . extract the . zip file , which you can download from this androidforum thread or this xda thread . open the folder and install msxml 4.0 sp3 parser ( msxml . msi ) . once that has finished , install lgandroiddriver_whql_ml_ver1.0_all_win7 . exe which are the drivers so your computer will recognize your phone . windows xp users download this driver , extract the contents anywhere ( e . g . desktop ) , right-click on the ' android_usb . inf ' file and click ' install ' . now you have set up your phone to connect to your computer correctly . from here on , it depends on which rom you wish to install . this is an excellent video tutorial that covers installing custom roms and rooting , and as said in the update , many roms with instructions can be found on xda . bricking is always a possibility when modifying software that does not come directly through the intended channels that said , the methods here have been proven to work and your risk is significantly less if you perform these steps correctly . let us know if you need any help ! update : this is a method to install updates to your phone . as far as specific roms to install , xda and google can be very helpful . as soon as you find one you like , go for it : )
yes , using airplane mode will reduce power drain , as the commentors have already answered . but this approach can not be considered call standby , because you will not receive calls . from the point of view of cellular operator , your phone behaves exactly as if shut down . switching to airplane mode shuts down the cellular connection , including voice and data , but it also turns off wi-fi and bluetooth . note that you can turn any of them on in airplane mode , but this will put extra load on the battery . except from radio , the major power consumer is the screen . actually , typically it uses much more power than all the radios together . if you want to keep running longer , set brightness to minimum , set " screen off " timeout to minimum , and avoid turning the screen too often . if you have an amoled device , e.g. galaxy nexus , the display power request depends on the actual brightness of the screen . if you choose a darker theme , or switch your book reader to " night mode " , you can reduce the battery drain . of all colors except black , red uses the least power . see description of a special app that boasts battery life improvement by applying color filter and adjusting the brightness : http://www.azzamtranslator.com/lux-auto-brightness-manual-or-auto-screen-brightness-adjustments-according-to-time-or-environment/ . note that airplane mode does not disable gps . gps is not running on its own , so disabling it in location settings will not effect the battery life , but if some app , like maps or camera decides to check your location too often , this may become very significant . without cellular or wi-fi , gps can actually need even more power , because it will not have the crude location estimate to begin from . other than that , any app that runs in background can wake the cpu up and consume more power . use a task manager to shut down applications that you do not need in your " standby " mode . this is especially important if you decide not to switch to airplane mode , because the apps in background can not usually do much if they do not have access to internet . if you choose not to switch to airplane mode , there are other things you should be aware of . turn off system synch and turn off cellular data . set "2g only " if this is available on your phone and on your network . shut down any unused background apps . do not wake the screen up too often . finally , android includes a nice utility ( in settings/battery ) that displays power consumption by different components of the system , in percent : many system tools available on the play store feature similar or improved versions of this monitor .
first a little explanation on the storage ( you might also check the tag wiki of the storage tag for a short introduction ) : why can not i use the free space available at /system ? the /system partition holds the often so-called " rom " , i.e. the android core system ( including the pre-installed apps , see bloatware ) . by default , it is mounted read-only for several reasons ( including " security " , so no app can tamper with anything here -- and the user cannot accidentally render the system unusable ) . this is also why a factory reset will present you with a " virgin system": it will not touch this read-only partition . being mounted read-only makes it clear you cannot write things onto this partition -- which answers the question why you cannot make use of the " free space " it has . you might wonder why a read-only partition then is not " sized appropriately " -- but it is : it just takes into consideration that additional space might be needed for a system update . future android versions might ( and most likely will ) need more space , also providers might want to add more bloatware . . . why is there so little space at /data ? to put it in simple words : 180mb is all that was left after taking away the ~200mb for /system . the galaxy mini s5570 is not a high-end device . and before you ask : no there is nothing you can do to increase the amount of overall storage available to /data ( at least nothing easy -- though some geeks might think of creating a bigger partition on the sdcard and mount it as /data , this is nothing simple and also not without side-effects ) . what can be done ? nothing much . if your device is rooted , you could think of using a bigger sdcard ( your device supports up to 32gb ) , and moving stuff over there with things like link2sd or even data2sd . you can regularly clear your apps ' caches and do some other cleanup . or you can simply go for a new device which offers more storage ( and more ram , and a faster cpu ) . i know it is not very satisfying that a device , just being 2 years old ( the s5570 was released to the market in february 2011 ) already is unable to keep up with daily needs . but unfortunately , 180mb storage ( and 384mb ram ) really is not much to play around . . . so all that currently remains is to refer you to the most faqs of the " insufficient storage " tag to find a solution until you can get yourself a new device . see especially : how can i get rid of the low disk space notification ? what can i do to manage my phone 's internal storage ? how can i deal with “low on space” messages on my htc incredible ? how can i free up more space on my android ( 2.2 froyo ) phone ? “insufficient storage” when trying to install new app
it is usually safe to restore non-system apps and their data across different android versions with titanium backup . i would not try to restore a honeycomb-specific app on a previous os version though , as the app itself may be incompatible due to radical changes between 3 . x and earlier os versions . restoring system apps and data is very unsafe . you can introduce instabilities to your device , due to changes in the way system data is handled between major os versions of android . if you are using titanium , i assume your device is rooted , since otherwise you would not be able to backup app data . if you also have a custom recovery installed ( e . g . clockworkmod ) i would highly recommend doing a full backup of the device , in case something goes wrong .
in galaxy s2 ( gingerbread 2.3.3 ) you can resize the picture frame widget this way : first drag the picture frame to the left top the picure selection pops up , select pictures that you want and klick ok ( save ) press the picture frame until the phone vibrates and release fast . the display will now show a grid on the screen . hold the right bottom " slider " and resize the frame as you like it finished ! ! :d i have standard launcher as delivered so this should do the trick for most of you : )
this sounds like the behavior if you have blacklist mode enabled . double check the ( subtle ) whitelist/blacklist default button ( the text above the apps listing ) .
you can do this with your native camera app . but you have to have jb 4.2 ( not 4.1 . x ) . go to the camera . tap on the camera icon and pick the item that looks like a small globe with a panorama stretched over it . that is the photo sphere mode . take a picture as usual . keep your camera steady . you should see a message to align your camera with the blue dot . tilt your camera up , down , left , or right slowly to match the center of the screen with the blue dot for the next area . the picture will snap automatically when you get there . keep going for as long as you wish to take as many images as possible and make your complete photo sphere . note : this may look a little weird if you try to take pictures of people , since they tend to move between shots . landscapes and interior shots are your best bets .
i would like to try cyanogenmod but my phone is not in the list of supported phones , is there anything i can do ? if you had search more carefully , you had find this topic ( link ) . there is cyanogenmod for your phone . but this firmware in early alpha stage of porting . another great link . if i do not like some rom i installed i can uninstall it and go back to the default rom or any other , right ? yes , you are right . also i would note that there is not dedicated uninstall procedure , but you always can reflash your phone to another rom version , including original stock rom . if i get to root my phone without troubles , can installing the rom break it or my only risk is with the rooting ? the most risky part is , of course , flashing . because if something goes wrong , you may get bricked phone . but usually everything is ok . also android supports recovery boot mode which can help in case of unsuccesful flashing .
i think your hboot needs to be upgraded , and it sounds like perhaps you did not run the ruu to do so . the htcdev site notes that phones with an asterisk ( * ) next to them in the list must run an ruu before unlocking because the bootloader on the device did not originally ship with unlocking capabilities . so first you need to make sure your firmware is up to date ( which it sounds like it is ) , and then you also need to download and run the ruu : before beginning the unlock bootloader process your product requires that you update the rom to the version listed in the table below first , then download the ruu next to it to enable the unlocking capability . the ruu 's filename itself also seems to confirm this . it is listed as PC4910000_Buzz_Froyo_hboot_1.02.0000_R3.exe , indicating ( to me , anyway ) that you need hboot v1.02.0000 in order to perform the unlock .
it is to alert you that the screen 's about to turn off . it is more useful when your timeout is longer than 30 seconds , certainly . i would assume you had need a custom kernel or at least to root and edit some config files in order to prevent this , i do not believe there is anything in settings for it .
android applications have three kinds of components . in general , users do not need to know about them : they are a way for app authors to program particular behaviours into their apps . but if you are watching your apps ' behaviour closely such as with a task manager , or if you are automating things with an app like tasker , it is helpful to understand how they fit together within the system . an activity is the most familiar type of component : it is a window you can see : either full-screen or dialog-sized . an activity only runs while it is displayed on the screen . once you leave the activity , android will keep that app in memory ready to be started again , but the activity will not run , meaning it will not use battery or network . an app starts an activity using an intent . the intent can specify explicitly which activity to start , or it can specify an action to perform ( such as opening a particular file ) . if more than one activity can " handle " the intent , you see the dialog asking you to choose one . a service is another application component . once another component ( maybe an activity , or another service ) has started a service , it runs in the background until it stops itself . this means that a service could be keeping your phone awake ( using a wake lock ) , running down the battery , or using lots of network data , without anything showing on the screen . apps can use services to do long-running processes in the background , such as downloading files from a server , or checking for email , or checking your location . although services do not show up or interact with you directly , they still show up in the " running apps " list . from the settings app , choose apps or applications manager , and then running . you can stop a service that way , but it is not usually necessary . because services are not directly visible , android considers them less important than activities , so they will be the first to be killed when your phone needs more memory . broadcast receivers are the third kind of component . like services , they only exist in the background and do not interact with you directly . but unlike services , they can not stay running or perform long tasks : they exist to respond to events . and unlike activities and services , more than one broadcast receiver can be started in one go . a component broadcasts an intent , possibly to one app , but more often without specifying a particular app . in this case , the intent usually represents an event that is happened , such as the battery running low . the system finds all the broadcast receivers that have registered an interest ( using an intent filter ) , and runs each in turn . each broadcast receiver can react straight away , for example by creating a notification , or it can start a service or an activity to take further action . as soon as the broadcast receiver has handled the event , it is stopped and will not run again until another similar event is broadcast . an example of all three components working together is when you download an app from google play . first , the google play activity provides the visual interface for you to choose the content to download . the list of apps might be one activity ; clicking the " install " button starts another activity to show the confirmation or payment dialog . when you confirm , the dialog activity starts a service . the service will continue to download the content even when the activity has finished and is no longer running . but perhaps the phone loses internet connection while the new app is downloading . if this happens , google play 's download service will register a broadcast receiver , with an intent filter to say that it is interested in network connectivity changes , and then the service will stop itself . when the phone connects to the internet , the system broadcasts an event . android will start the broadcast receiver the google play service registered , along with any other broadcast receiver waiting for that event . in this case , the broadcast receiver will start the download service again . the service will create notifications as the download proceeds , and when it finishes , it will send its own broadcast to inform other apps that the new package has been installed , and will then stop itself . in turn , this will start broadcast receivers from other apps , to update the list of apps in the launcher , etc . in summary:- an activity represents a window on the screen ; a service performs a possibly long-running background task ; a broadcast receiver runs for a short time , to handle an event . all three are started using intents , but using a different mechanism . the launching app has to state explicitly which type of component to start ( by calling a different method in each case ) . when an app starts an activity using an intent , it only starts one activity ( possibly showing the " complete action using . . . " dialog to let you choose which ) , and the same goes for services , but broadcasting an intent may start several broadcast receivers , possibly from different apps . as a user , you interact with activities directly ; you do not interact with services , but they can slow down the phone and consume resources ; you do not interact with broadcast receivers , and because they are short-lived you do not need to worry about managing them .
i fixed it : ) in case somebody is in the same situation , here is what i did : i flashed my phone to its original rom using flashtool ( if u dont know how to use it go here ) thats it thanks everyone
rather than sleeping , i spent a few more hours experimenting . i found what works best for my needs is an ftp server app . for casual transfers , when both devices are connected to the same network , i will just transfer through my access point . with the limitations that implies . if i am not near an ap or just want full speed , i will deal with the hassle of setting of the wi-fi direct partnership and then launch the ftp server . it usually takes 3-5 tries before the devices connect , but once they do , ftp works stable and fast . furthermore , this solution also satisfies my secondary goal , of being able to use the same method to transfer files between android device and pc . now , there are a lot of ftp server apps out there . most are ad-supported , most are rather big as well . to my surprise , there is also quite a performance difference between them . i thought i would might as well shared my experience with the four ftp server apps i tested . . . required permissions none of the tested apps required ridiculous permissions . just the following special permissions : full network access modify or delete the contents of your usb storage modify or delete the contents of your sd card prevent tablet from sleeping prevent phone from sleeping in addition , andreas liebig 's ftpserver also required : read phone status and identity speed test setup the speed test was not exactly scientifically performed , but devices were in the exact same spots during tests . ftp server app running on nexus 7 filezilla ftp client running on windows 8 laptop both connected to the same 802.11n network . windows reported the link speed as 130 mbps ( i know this is not exact ) i downloaded the same 103,4 mib large file two times through each app test results all stats , numbers and other facts are as of march 30th 2013 . apps ordered by measured throughput , fastest on top . andreas liebig 's ftpserver price : free latest version : 2.4.0 ( 2013-03-26 ) size : 78 kb install base : 100.000 - 500.000 avg . rating : 4.6 android os requirement : 1.1+ comments : initial configuration required , not plug-and-play . detailed server log on main screen when service is running . no anonymous access possible ? throughput : 103.4 mib downloaded in 43 seconds @2.4 mib/sec , 103.4 mib downloaded in 47 seconds @2.2 mib/sec boby ertanto 's my ftp server price : free ( ad supported , ad-free version available ) latest version : 2.1 ( 2013-02-28 ) size : 1.2 mb install base : 50.000-100.000 avg . rating : 4.1 android os requirement : 2.2+ comments : simple interface . very basic settings . throughput : 103.4 mib downloaded in 48 seconds @2.2 mib/sec , 103.4 mib downloaded in 49 seconds @2.1 mib/sec the olive tree 's ftp server price : free ( ad supported , ad-free version available ) latest version : 1.11 ( 2013-01-14 ) size : 1.1 mb install base : 100.000 - 500.000 avg . rating : 4.4 android os requirement : 2.1+ comments : based on apache ftp server . simple interface . configurable port , home dir , username/password , service resillience , energy saving etc . throughput : 103.4 mib downloaded in 56 seconds @1.8 mib/sec , 103.4 mib downloaded in 56 seconds @1.8 mib/sec berserker 's ftpdroid price : free ( ad supported , ad-free version available ) latest version : 1.3.1 ( updated 2012-12-28 ) size : 2.0 mb install base : 50.000 - 100.000 avg . rating : 3.9 android os requirement : 2.2+ comments : based on pure-ftpd . simple interface . configurable port , home dir , username/password , service resillience , energy saving etc . troughput : 103,4 mib downloaded in 135 seconds @0,8 mib/sec , 103,4 mib downloaded in 121 seconds @0,9 mib/sec conclusion not only is andreas liebig 's ftpserver the only completely free of the apps tested , it is incredibly light weight ( 78 kb ! ) , can run on any android phone you can find but also has the fastest throughput of the apps tested . once the initial configuration is done , the main window simply displays your standard ftp server log , whereas other applications pretty much displays nothing but a few buttons and maybe the ip address and port of the server . thank you , andreas !
you can go in settings , running applications and close the ones that you do not need . the application that the system needs you will not be able to close . or you can just uninstall the undesired ones as well . and reformat your question so it makes more sense and it is understandable .
i am on 2.3.5 in the basic " messages " app you can go to the message , clicknhold , view message details . there it shows all recipients . if i just reply it only goes back to the sender . now , others that i know have iphones replied and it went to everyone . . . there is a " reply all " option after you click and hold .
there are several ways to accomplish this : airplane mode : you say that it does not allow gps , but it does . you need to enable gps when you are in airplane mode . disable radio : in dialer enter *#*#4636#*#* select phone info and pick turn off radio . take out your sim card . this one is only applicable if you have a gsm device . you can enable call forwarding in Phone settings -&gt; Call forwarding . if your only problem is that calls interrupt music than you can try using a music player allows you to set how audio focus changes are handled . one example is poweramp .
in tweetdeck , each column has separate notification and update settings . tap the menu key , then column settings . switch notify off , and set your desired update interval , or move the slider all the way to the right to select " manual " .
here 's what i did . assuming you have set up the sync process : go to firefox on your pc , click Bookmarks in the top right corner choose Unsorted Bookmarks . this opened a new window for me where i could see a section called Mobile bookmarks that i had not seen anywhere else . click and drag this Mobile Bookmarks folder to either Bookmarks Toolbar or Bookmarks Menu , whichever you want it to appear under ( note : the Bookmarks Menu is what we clicked on to start this process , i advise you try both and see which you like best ) . profit . hope this helps !
on my nexus 7 , my downloaded books go in /Android/data/com.safaribooksonline/files/zips . they are stored in xhtml directories which includes various metadata , images and the chapters themselves as xhtml documents . while these look vaguely html like , they certainly can not be rendered in chrome or other web browsers directly , you just end up seeing all of the mark-up as text . i do not know how standard the xhtml format is for e-books , or whether other readers could understand the format safari uses , but hopefully this helps point you in the right direction .
i finally found out why ! :d when the phone boots - at least if i use go launcher - if the sd card is not completely mounted apps " get lost " . i have completely solved the problem activating my phone card pin code . i turn on the phone , wait on the pin code screen without entering it for a minute and then i enter the pin : everything is perfect . i think the problem can be also solved killing and restarting the launcher but i did not test .
use an alternative browser like flashfox . its selling point is the fact that it plays flash . source : installed flashfox , opened a random channel on micromusic .net, there were sounds !
i installed a skype 2.6.0.95 apk ( which is an earlier version ) and it works now .
you can install busybox from the market too : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=stericson.busyboxhl=en and to your other question i just wanna know what does busy box do ? taken from market description : busybox is a software application that provides many standard unix tools , much like the larger ( but more capable ) gnu core utilities . busybox is designed to be a small executable for use with the linux kernel , which makes it ideal for use with embedded devices . it has been self-dubbed " the swiss army knife of embedded linux " . the official busybox website about page has some more info about what it is too .
the problem fixed itself when i removed all google accounts and added a new device ( a new nexus 7 ! ) to my account .
according to the official knox website , samsung knox is tightly integrated into the operating system . it uses hardware support to verify the bootloader integrity , a custom bootloader to verify the os integrity , and a custom kernel at runtime . it changes the layout of the device 's filesystem to add separate encrypted storage for the business-related files . it also relies on hardware support through arm 's trustzone technology . depending on how much of the hardware support already exists on other samsung devices , it may be possible for samsung to later backport the knox feature for older samsung phones with a device update , but it is certainly not possible for anyone else to do so , not even by installing a custom rom . ( that would not add the bootloader support to ensure the rom is not changed later . )
you must first add your google account to the tablet . the google play app will not let you switch an account until there are two or more accounts on the device . so first add your google account . you will probably want to disable all of the synchronizing options . once that is done , open the google play app , and you will see the option to switch accounts . on top of that , you will be able to " push install " apps to the tablet from your desktop computer ( provided you are logged into the same google account ) . the downside , of course , is that there is now a device that can synchronize your contacts , gmail , photos , etc that you do not control . your grandma could decide to purchase in-app items or purchase new apps ( though you can require a password for that , at least ) . alternatively , if you only want to install a few of the paid apps you own , you can temporarily add your account , install the apps , then remove the account . the apps remain installed , even without the linked account .
as pointed out by al 's comment above , it is not a question of which browser does support it , but rather of how to enable it . and as sachin 's comment suggests , available solutions depend on whether your device is rooted ( more and better possibilities ) or not . non-rooted devices as long as it is for the browser only , there are multiple easy solutions . so does e.g. http proxy settings give you access to the hidden http proxy settings the android system itself has available . for more than browsers , asproxy might be a choice -- but it is not for free . it even provides a by-pass for e.g. local networks -- so you can decide which addresses are routed via proxy , and which can be accessed directly . rooted devices first-choice obviously is proxydroid : highly rated , it offers a hell of features : support http / https / socks4 / socks5 proxy support basic / ntlm / ntlmv2 authentication methods individual proxy for only one or several apps multiple profiles support bind configuration to wifi 's ssid / mobile network ( 2g / 3g ) widgets for quickly switching on/off proxy low battery and memory consumption ( written in c and compiled as native binary ) bypass custom ip address dns proxy for guys behind the firewall that disallows to resolve external addresses pac file support ( only basic support , thanks to rhino ) and , another big plus : this app is open source and free !
this question and answer is basically a duplicate of stackexchange-url see the above link for an example program and more in depth discussion . as far as i know , there are two ways to get the usb permission box popup : request permission explicitly from your application using usbmanager . requestpermission ( . . . ) register an intent-filter on your accessory and let the system ask for permission when the device is attached in the case of 1 i have found that the checkbox on the popup to remember the permission has no effect . for me , i removed all code related to permissions from my software and simply put the intent-filter in my manifest . when the usb device is plugged in , if it has not already been granted permission then the usb permission box will popup . if the user clicks ok without checking the remember box , then the box will popup again the next time the device is connected . however if the user checks the box and presses ok then the box should never display again ( unless the software is uninstalled and then reinstalled ) . i am not sure if there is a bug somewhere related to your device showing up as /dev/bus/usb/001 and then 002 etc - let me know if you are using the intent-filter , as without that the remember checkbox will do nothing . i do not know of any way that you can avoid the permission popup altogether . i suspect there is no way to do it without digging into the android code like you said .
yes , you can plug a usb stick to your samsung galaxy s2 , provided that you have an samsung micro usb to usb adapter . for better results , connect your usb stick to the adapter , before connecting it to your phone . see the official samsung galaxy sii accessories for further information . note : usually within the phone box , samsung sends a micro usb to usb cable . the samsung micro usb to usb adapter can also be found at amazon : different in aspect from the one on the website .
take a look at tasker . it pretty much allows you to automate and set rules for everything on your phone based on times of the day , what apps you are using , your location . . . you can set a profile to automatically turn your gps on or off based on almost any condition you can imagine .
in general , i believe reducing use of vibration helps save battery life on a phone . so for the incredible , i even disabled the feature of vibrating when entering keystrokes . here are some good tips from wikihow .
i had a very similar issue on my htc incredible . try unmounting the sd card ( menu-> settings-> sd and phone storage-> " unmount sd card " on my incredible ) and then installing the app . after it finished installing , you can then remount your sd card .
as it says : " root on xyz " means xyz is a pre-condition for this rooting instructions ( so yes , it must already be on the device ) " install xyz " means , well , to install xyz ( whether it already was on the device or not ) .
you can see the advantages from the developer 's home page . superuser elite is the premium version of superuser . it unlocks several premium features within superuser , including : pin protection – secure your superuser prompt with a pin number so that nobody but you can grant superuser rights to apps access timeout – allow an app to maintain superuser rights for a set amount of time , so that you can allow certain apps access without having to remember them or press allow multiple times ghost mode – hide superuser from your app tray and home screen . with ghost mode activated , the only way to launch it is by dialing a secret code into the dialer . the default secret code is *#*#787378737#*#* , but it can be set to whatever you want . note that this feature will probably be disabled if your device does not have a dialer ( tablets specifically ) . advanced log management – set the log to only store a certain number of entries before deleting the oldest entry . you also gain the ability to set certain apps to not log at all . advanced notification management – set which apps send notifications and which apps don’t toast notification placement – if you choose to use toast notifications instead of status bar notifications , you gain the ability to set where the notification will appear ; top , bottom , or center of the screen , or the default location
i found out that it is possible to just run vncserver on the client - and it " just works " .
use chrome beta for android . it is made by google to test out new features . no root is required and can be installed side by side with the original google chrome app . by default , chrome beta for android will prompt you for a translation when you visit a site . the app can be found on google play . also , if you use the same google account on your phone and in your pc browser , you can install the app from your pc without having to search for it on your phone . it will automatically install .
a bit of a hack , inconvenient and i am not even sure if it would work : download juice defender , set it to always keep data disabled and later check how much battery it claims to have saved you . as for the wifi , on my phone ( xperia neo v , 2.3 . ? ) , it is a separate entry on the battery usage panel . maybe you used it so little that it is not even displayed ( probably &lt ; 0.5% ) ?
because long pressing the power button on all most any android device ( if not all ) will reboot the device . it is meant to be the restart button in case on a device something goes wrong , you have the option to hard reset the device . to correctly shut down a device you have to tap the power button and select the option to power of , or if you are in cwm select " power off device " , or i think you can shut it down using adb to .
short answer : that is no doubt a software issue , reported across forums after an upgrade to ics 4.0 . x . some users reporting this can be found here : galaxy s2 charging port problem - xda-developers re : ics 4.0.3 charging paused , voltage too high an . . . - vodafone eforum do not know with certainty if you have upgraded the firmware to ics 4.0 or any other variant , being the latest ones 4.0.3 or 4.0.4 nonetheless , you either roll back and wait for a new version that does not cause that issue or you can try some of the suggestions provided below ( all reported to have worked without problems by other owners of a samsung galaxy s2 ) . extending the answer : first and above all backup all personal data on your phone to make sure you are not going to lose anything either by rolling back or trying a new/different firmware . e.g. , contacts , sms , mms , internet settings , wi-fi passwords , etc . . . you can go with one of these suggestions : once the backup is concluded , the following solutions are documented as to have solved that particular issue on your phone . solutions ordered from the simplest to the most complicated : clearing cache data the problem you are facing can be related to old files still in cache . follow these steps to clear your cache and see if it solves it : boot your phone in recovery mode , to do that press and hold volume up and middle key , while holding both press power on ; you will see your phone booted in recovery mode , in recovery mode touch screen will not work so use volume up and volume down to navigate through options and middle key to confirm ; choose “wipe cache partition” from menu ; it will clear the cache data ; now select reboot system now ; factory reset samsung has a master reset code used to factory reset your phone . you can try this as to cleanup your phone and wait for a better ics version , or try another ics version ( see suggestion n . º 3 ) : make sure you have a backup of your personal data ( e . g . , contacts , sms , mms , internet settings , wi-fi passwords , etc ) . take your sim and memory card out of your phone turn your phone back on , and wait for the dial pad dial the factory reset code : *2767*3855# this will wipe , reset and then correctly format the internal storage . after the process is completed , place your sim and memory cards back on the phone . firmware flash ( odin ) download the latest samsung odin here , and install either one of the latest ics versions or a previous one that can be found on the links at the very end of this answer . 3.1 . flash your firmware to the android 4.0: xxlpq — update galaxy s2 to android 4.0 official firmware manually this firmware and the guide below is compatible only and only with galaxy s2 , model number i9100 . it’s not compatible with any other device , including us variants of s2 , the epic 4g touch , t-mobile galaxy s2 and at and t galaxy s2 along with skyrocket . check your device’s model number in settings » about phone . 3.2 . install android ics 4.0.3 xxlpj firmware update : install android ics 4.0.3 xxlpj firmware on samsung galaxy s2 gt i9100 here is another tutorial how to install android ics 4.0.3 xxlpj firmware update on samsung galaxy s2 gt i9100 . samsung galaxy ii got the official xxlpq firmware update recently . but the firmware had some bugs and users reported it . samsung revived the android 4.0.3 and added some other latest features 3.3 . flash your firmware to the android 4.0.4: xxlq5 - download and install official android 4.0.4 ics firmware for samsung galaxy s2 finally , you can download and install latest official android 4.0.4 ice cream sandwich firmware on samsung galaxy s ii now . yup , there is a leaked official android 4.0.4 ics firmware for samsung galaxy s2 ~ xxlq5 firmware ( europe region ) . update samsung galaxy s2 i9100 to android 4.0.4 ics xxlq5 leaked firmware samsung galaxy s2 i9100 has been running on the android 4.0.3 firmware and recently there were rumors that said that it won’t receive the android 4.0.4 ics update . however , all these rumors were shattered today because there is a new leaked firmware for i9100 that is based on android 4.0.4 ics and with xxlq5 firmware , which means that samsung should eventually launch the new update in the near future . useful and related links : the official android 4.0 ( ice cream sandwich ) website . a very extensive list with official i9100 firmwares lpe/q/7/2/f/s/4/7/g/9/w/d/f to download and an how-to guide to flash your firmware with odin . android firmwares .net- samsung galaxy s ii firmwares .
i ended up compromising on this by setting google voice to " ask on every call " , which gave me a chance to cancel the call . the downside is having to touch " make call without google voice " to put the call through .
at least honeycomb allows user to encrypt all data ( see article on http://www.netbooklive.com/android-honeycomb-can-encrypt-all-your-data-7497/ ) . you can export all your contacts from the application ( tap in contacts app on menu , then import/export and choose export to sd card )
i presume that cpu_hotplug means hotplug cpu governor is enabled in your system . hotplug cpu governor can make cpu core online or offline based on total system load . so , it might be possible that your other two cores are offline at the moment . you can check the exact cpu cores by , $ cat /sys/devices/system/cpu/present this will display total cores on your system . or you can do " ls /sys/devices/system/cpu/cpu*" then see cpu0 , cpu1 , . . . directories . those are your different cores . if you can not find 4 cores ( 0,1,2,3 ) in that directory , than there is some problem with your system . you can change the cpu governor to some other for example , ondemand to utilize all four cores . but it may use more battery . i hope this helps . [ update ] also , if you are referring to set the default kernel command line from configuration then it is available at , symbol : cmdline [ = ] type : string prompt : default kernel command string defined at arch/arm/kconfig:1766 location : -> boot options in kernel menuconfig window . generally in android , kernel commandline is part of boot image and not this default one , but you can still try that out . if bootloader is passing the kernel command line string than this configuration will be ignored . good luck .
the bravia engine would need to be included in the new rom you are installing . it is a software screen enhancement . http://allenramos.blogspot.ie/2013/05/enhance-your-android-phones-display-w.html?m=1 the sony mobile bravia engine 3 is a video enhancement program for sony phones . it uses filters and algorithms to create a clearer and more contrasted picture and an overall smoother experience . alternatively there are often flashable zip file mods for the bravia engine for different devices .
yes , it is different . just like google search google play search uses different settings for every person , just like rat2000 said .
open a terminal in ubuntu ( ctrl+alt+t ) and type this commands : sudo add-apt-repository ppa:langdalepl/gvfs-mtp sudo apt-get update  then , launch software updater ( previously known as update manager ) and install the available updates . afther you pdate everything restart pc . if you want to revert back before making any changes : sudo ppa-purge ppa:langdalepl/gvfs-mtp  next time , i think you should ask this is askubuntu . com since it is more of a linux specific problem then android .
it seems that all that i needed to do was reboot my pc . once i rebooted my pc had no problems installing the mtp driver for the device .
a solution is to use number saver which automatically suggests to call a number if the clipboard contains it .
after quite some time a friend of mine goofed around and actually found the fix : cyanogenmod settings > display > automatic blacklight in here enable ' use custom ' and then look at the values in ' edit other levels . . . ' . the levels you want to edit are either the ones under ' buttons ' which are the values for the backlight of the soft keys ( home , menu , back and search ) and the values under ' keyboard ' is for the keyboard backlight . a value of 30 is standard for the ' buttons ' and the values for the ' keyboard ' are only 0 or higher than 0 . ( even though you can choose values between 0 and 255 , it does not seem to matter visibly . )
go to : settings > wireless and networks > mobile networks . make sure the " data roaming " checkbox is unchecked . that will keep you from roaming accidentally , since you will have to enable it . if you want to enable it and use roaming lightly , there are some apps in the market that will track your data usage for you . however , in my experience roaming abroad has been so expensive that even roaming for a few minutes of data is not worth it . i usually either try to find a public hotspot or get a prepaid sim card with data .
this answer on stack overflow suggests that it could be a permissions issue , the user that is attempting to start the adb server cannot access the file . could you try moving the sdk to a folder that is not within your users area and see if you can start it then ?
i hate when that happens . it happened to me more times than i could count while i was traveling through western maryland ( and it is even worse when the phone mysteriously switches from 4g to 1x and refuses to go back to 4g or even 3g ) . . . anyway , there are three things you can try . the first , obvious one is to relocate the phone to somewhere that you get a better signal . this may not help much at all if you are in a fringe coverage area and in a residence , but it is definitely something you should attempt . next , to force the phone to reconnect to the network , just toggle airplane mode on and off . ( btw , do not bother with any of those so-called " network signal booster " apps . all they do is toggle airplane mode on and off , hiding the notification bar so you can not see what it is doing . ) this is probably your best bet . in my experience this will get your high speed connection back most of the time , but you still are not guaranteed to keep it long enough to finish your download . your phone also has a secret menu which can be accessed by entering *#*#4636#*#* into the dialer . in this menu you can view various statistics about the mobile data connection , as well as change which network types the device will try to connect to . ( the exact types vary by device and firmware revision , and i do not have a droid 3 on hand , so you will just have to look and see for yourself . ) in my experience , though , this did not help much ; the phone would just give me no data service instead of 1x , or refuse to connect to 3g/4g , or to any network at all . also , be careful in this menu ; if you change a setting and do not know what to change it back to , you could completely kill your ability to connect to the network , requiring a factory reset .
the advantage that atrix currently has is that the hdmi out can display up to a 1280x1024 resolution , plus the dock provides full function usb keyboard and mouse . some of the other androids do have hdmi out , however they only mirror the lower resolution of the phone display ( if at all ) most of them only output pictures or videos . the atrix does the best job of providing access to a virtual desktop without compromise . disclaimer : citrix worked with motorola on the atrix solution
check this xda post . it has an apk for a 4.2 aosp browser . note : install at your own risk .
you can remove the account that it " defaults " to and try to re-add the account . i think there is some type of bug in the newer version of the market because i have the same issue from time to time . it is not the " default " account , and i have like 8 accounts on the device ( all google accounts ) but it always wants to use this one . i found that it " fixes " , but usually only temporarily , if i go in to the application settings and clear the data for the market app .
this is not possible on most devices , since they do not support usb host mode . some devices have usb otg support or a usb host port , but these are relatively rare devices so far . in theory you could write an application on win/linux to access the phone via usb but not the other way around .
the solution i use for similar situation is trekbuddy . i am sure you will discard the idea of using this app if you did not understand it well . hence , read through its description in its play site and their forums . it requires little homework before any such serious use . but once you know your way ( pun intended ) through the application , it will be a breeze . with this app , you can plan your route on computer export it as gpx and together with few mp3 files you can create a turn-by-turn pre-planned navigation . be aware that if you miss your turn this will not reroute you back . you have to see the map that and continue either on the new route or try to join the pre planned route . to know about its other uses , take a look at my answer for the question " how to import gps coordinates track for using offline " you may also try osmand . you can create a pre planned route and export as gpx file . osmand can be configured to use this pre defined route . i could not get my head through the options and configurations to make this work . but from reading its help , i understand that this can do the above and even reroute in case if you miss your turn . personally , i like trekbuddy for its simplicity and its many features as i described in my answer to the other question . if you happen to succeed with osmand , please share your procedure with us . update : after reading through the forum pages of trekbuddy , i finally figured out how to use a pre planned turn by turn navigation feature and i tried today to ensure it is working . the steps involved are ( from scratch ) : install trekbuddy either from playstore or from their download link . run the app with gps switched on . press Menu and press Start and wait for gps fix . if gps fix is a success you will see the cross hair at your location in the world map . to display a map , you have to download raster map tiles from the service provider . these tiles are to be placed in a particular format and an application called mobac comes for rescue . this app creates such map tiles , indexes and even compress . various map sources like openstreetmap , opencyclemap , google maps* , google terrain* , google earth satellite* , yahoo maps etc can be used . explaining how to create a map will be bit out of scope here , and i will leave it to a rare tutorial available here in german . assuming you had successfully created a tarred atlas ( collection of map tiles as said above ) , you have to place the .TAR file and its subfolder inside \mnt\sdcard\Trekbuddy\maps folder . to load the map , press Menu button and touch Maps option and select the *.Tar file . depending on how you had layered the atlas , layers might appear in the next screen and if so , select a layer . trekbuddy might prompt you to mark this as default atlas . if acceptable click Yes and you will save all this step doing again . one map is loaded , you can ensure it by tapping any where in the screen , which will show the cross hair on your location in the map as identified by the gps . in your computer plan a route and mark turning points as waypoints . as an example , in this following image six waypoints are marked as wpt1 . . wpt6 . in computer , using a text editor , create a gpx file with following template . place the gpx file created as above in \mnt\sdcard\Trekbuddy\wpts folder . place sound files in amr format ( mp3 not tested ) in \mnt\sdcard\Trekbuddy\sounds folder . the file name of these files should be as mentioned in the gpx file . and finally , in trekbuddy app , press Menu , Navigation , Waypoints and choose the above gpx file . then choose the final waypoint , in this case wpt6 and press menu again and choose NavigateTo . when you start moving approach wpt1 , the sound assigned to wpt1 will be played . the setting Settings-&gt;Navigation-&gt;Wpt Proximity determines the proximity radius . the value is in meters and when the current gps position is within this imaginary circle , the sound will be played . i believe it has been discontinued since mobac version 1.9 onward due to legal pressure . old versions are not officially available but are still at large .
in fact , it is not necessary to install the entire sdk if one does not want to use it for development . to be able to run basic adb commands in the context needed by an average user , a rudimentary installation is completely sufficient . i will try to explain how to do this , and hopefully cover the most used computer systems . requirements first , you will need the basic binaries . these can be found e.g. on the download page of qtadb . files have been removed there , but are available at : binaries for linux ( alternative source ) binaries for windows ( alternative source ) binaries for macos also see alex ' answer for more alternative sources . above " minimal downloads " are extracted from there , so from alex ' sources you get them first-hand and just have to extract the binaries yourselves . ( remark : qtadb is an excellent graphical tool to manage your android device , including a graphical file manager , app manager , and more . some things require your device to be rooted , though . ) windows users if your computer is running windows , you will also need the special drivers for your device ( no generic solution here , so you need to check this out yourself ; usually , those drivers are offered for download on the manufacturer 's website ) . linux and mac os users linux and mac os users might need to make their device known to their operating system . for linux , you find the necessary steps described in my answer here . not being familiar with mac os , i can not speak for it . installation linux for linux , this is quite easy : simply unpack the downloaded binaries into a directory of your choice . at the time i am writing this , this will only be two files : adb and aapt ( the latter being used by qtadb , and not necessarily needed to execute adb commands directly ) . adjust their file permissions to make them executable ( e . g . from the command line : chmod 0755 adb aapt ) . finally , it is a good idea to include the chosen directory with your $PATH variable , so you can call adb from wherever you are . a good place for that is at the end of your ~/.profile file to include an additional line like export PATH="~/bin:$PATH" ( if you extracted the binaries to ~/bin ) . windows the windows download holds a couple more files . also extract them into a directory of your choice . if you want them to be callable from wherever you are , without preceding the complete path , you need to add that path to your environment variables as well . not being a windows user , i must leave the " how to do this " to you . what else ? you should be done at this point , and can use the full powers of the adb command line . further readings everything about adb ( a reference for everyone at xda developers ) adb for dummies ( again available via xda developers . if you miss the guides as i did firstly : the first article is consisting of links only , colorful as they might look : ) ) android adb quick guide
to see alternate routes , you need to use navigation as opposed to maps . if you already have maps open , click the blue arrowhead in the upper right to switch to navigation , then click the context button on your phone , then select Route Info , then click the third button to the right along the bottom which will have both a dashed and solid line going to a map pin . alternate routes will appear , and you can select them along the top of the route info map .
you should flash the rom first , unless you need root in order to flash it . ( you can flash via odin without root , but you need rom manager , which needs root , or something to flash if you do not use odin ) . when you flash a rom that is rooted , your device will be rooted ; if the rom is not rooted , the device will not be rooted . you need root to make a full backup . see how to backup an android device ? if you root first , you can install a custom recovery ( e . g . clockworkmod , via rom manager ) that will let you create a nandroid backup of the full rom . that said , with a samsung device you do not need to do this . you can use a tool called odin to reflash the original firmware as long as you have found it for download somewhere . if you need more details on anything i have mentioned , i suggest searching first -- we have lots of questions on rooting , backups , nandroid / clockwork / rom manager , and odin . see also how do i root my device ? , which has some info on considerations and things you can do before rooting .
yes , you should still be prompted for otas . however , they could remove root . source : my n5 prompted me
the -12 failure code indicates INSTALL_FAILED_OLDER_SDK , meaning that the app was built for - and requires - a version of android that is newer than the version you have on your device ( source ) . for example , you should get this error if you had an android 1.6 device and tried to install an app which required android 2.1 ( or higher ) . you would need to either : update your device to a newer version of android somehow , or ask the app developer if it is possible to build the app for an older version of android .
install a file explorer , say estrongs file explorer , and you would be able to upload arbitrary file from the browser or attach files to gmail .
that " thing " is called " homescreen " or " launcher " ( depending on what aspect of it is addressed ) . and you can long-press an empty space on it , then select to add an app , shortcut , or widget . selecting " app " should list up all available apps , so you can pick the one you want on your homescreen . that is it , you should now find an icon on your homescreen to launch the app . a second way to achieve the same is to open the app drawer , and long-press the icon of the app you want to add to your homescreen . usually , the drawer then " blends out " , and you should see your home screen ( s ) . still holding the icon pressed , move it to the place where you want it to be , then let it go . one more hint : the homescreen cannot be handled via " symbolic links " from within the file system . which shortcut exists on which screen and at what position etc . is stored in the app preferences of the homescreen .
read an article at this location http://www.anandtech.com/show/4502/tmobile-g2x-review-gingerbread-infused/9 seems to be a software problem . imho root and flash cyanogen or install the rom after reading in xda
final answer ( to wrap up the question ) [ short version ] : battery was utterly dead , when popped open and measured at the tabs , voltage was under the safe minimum . new battery ordered from ebay plugged in , tablet worked ! just had to to escape from a boot cycle of doom , root and install cyanogenmod 9 alpha ( of which there are numerous available tutorials for both of these around the web )
i found my solution . this feature is provided in go locker . it is so great , and works with google music as well ! very customizable and there are zillion of themes out there . and most important , it is free . i am sure you now think i am affiliated with them , the truth is yes , i use their products and i am addicted to them , that is it !
i have a moto g as well ( small world ) and also had this problem when connecting to my school 's wifi network ( even smaller world ) . it appears like the moto has trouble autodetecting encryption settings on some networks . you can probably get it working by long pressing on the network , selecting modify network , and then changing the ' eap method ' and phase 2 authentication ' options to whatever your network requires them to be . get a friend to open their wifi settings and then copy whatever they have set . a reconnect should grant you access . please let me know if you have any questions or feedback .
it is a known issue with the applocker app : http://code.google.com/p/applocker/issues/detail?id=8 it creates too many linux processes , causing devices to slow way down due to lack of memory .
unfortunately there is no way to make text left-aligned with ankidroid . see the issue in our bug tracker , feel free to " star " it to receive notifications about its progress .
gmail will ask you to login again if it detects change of sim card . gmail does not store your credentials in internal memory unencrypted . phone has to be rooted to read from internal memory . your phone can not be unlocked without the correct graphical pin combination .
mobile atlas creator ( mobac ) has support for google maps till 1.9beta ( the last stable version is 1.8 ) . it can be downloaded from here . using mobac instead of mapson has the following significant advantages . since the download happens in the computer rather in phone , large area downloads are quite possible . multiple zoom levels can be downloaded and even multiple maps ( like google terrain in one and regular google maps in other ) can be stored in layers . see this answer for more info .
originally posted by @ott-- in the comments , this answer did the trick . i am posting it as an answer since ott-- has not . is not the target named /sdcard or /storage/sdcard and not /system/sdcard ?
simply flash any compatible gsm rom to your phone ( look for one on xda-developers forums ) via recovery console after performing another round of wipe . whatever incompatible drivers and radios were introduced by the cdma version will be overwritten , and the phone should boot successfully . after that you can continue searching for the rom with full arabic support .
i found out what the problem was : on every single device there were ' battery saver ' apps installed . the devices are in my workplace , so i am not the only one who uses them and someone must have installed those apps . i did not care for them until now and they never did any harm , but they somehow must've interferred with the new 4.4 android . after uninstalling them everything is fine on all devices : )
rooted or not : logging in via adb shell first brings you to a user-prompt only ( connected with the " shell " account ) . in order to work with root , you need to " escalate " your permissions by invoking su: &gt; adb shell shell@mako:/ $ su #  apart from that , there are a few root checker apps available as well . . .
i doubt very much that your battery is actually gaining energy , what with the conservation of energy and all that . instead i imagine that the meter is fairly inaccurate , and is inaccurate in a different way just after you turn on the phone , than when the phone has been running a while .
short answer : yes . it depends on the currently enabled wi-fi sleep mode . by default , android disables wi-fi when your device goes into a sleep . in this case , 3g is the remaining mode of network communication , and it gets used by gmail/gtalk push notifications , etc . obviously , this network communication takes its toll on your battery time . if you disable 3g you will save some battery , but your device will be completely offline while in sleep . however , if your wi-fi is " always on " , your 3g will never be used , so it does not really matter if it is on or off . however , " always on " wi-fi is a big battery drain by itself . . . update : note that sleep modes and sub-system energy consumption differ from phone to phone . moreover , 3g energy consumption varies greatly , depends on which background services are enabled , proximity of the cellular tower , etc . i have not seen any " authoritative " documentation on this subject . i suggest you check your battery stats ( in Settings -&gt; Battery ) and see how cellular communication affects your battery time overall . usually , it is a very small percentage , so in general dialing your screen brightness a down a notch will have much greater effect on your battery life .
like bryan says ( i can not comment so had to add another answer . . . ) , it does not move the whole app . the size given after the move is the bit still on the internal storage - it does not give any size for the elements that have beend moved to sd . so in answer to your question , the app does not get smaller , just amount of internal storage used gets smaller .
if you can access an adb shell , you can flash a recovery . if you open the recovery zip up and go to meta-inf/com/google/android/ you will find 2 files , you want " updater-script " . open this up with a text editor , and look for something that says dd followed by recovery . img . in that line near the end there should be something like " of=/dev/block/mtdblocknumbersnstuff " copy that line . from here on i will refer to that as " of=x " now go back to the zip folder and extract recovery . img to somewhere convienient . connect your phone to the computer and boot into recovery , then run adb push /path/to/recovery.img /data/recovery.img adb shell #cd data #ls  here it can output a bunch of stuff or nothing , but you are looking for " recovery . img " if you see it , good job , continue . if not , start over from the " adb push " command . dd if=recovery.img of=x  from there reboot back into recovery and you should see the recovery you just flashed .
if you have android 2.2 , the functionality is built in so there usually is no need to install a separate app . just go to : settings > wireless and networks > tethering and portable hotspot . however , depending on your phone , it is possible that your carrier has locked down this functionality . if this is the case , you can either root your phone and install a clean android 2.2 such as cyanogenmod , or you can call your carrier and pay their fee to enable it .
you need to press the vol down and power buttons together , and hold them for a second or so . some users report that it works better if you press both buttons simultaneously , as opposed to one after the other in sequence .
it all depends on your usage . android system includes sync , so if you are not using your phone a lot then i would assume sync and standby would use the most battery -- so your details make sense . edit : as per the comments , i think the battery usage is being recorded wrong .
note : attempting fastboot flash on ur device may cost you your data . so be careful i figured out that i had an outdated android sdk . i downloaded the latest one , and did : fastboot flash boot fastboot flash recovery fastboot flash userdata and in a couple of minutes i had the stock rom up and running .
try bird bar . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mikedg.android.bar.lite and now , for the rest of my 30 characters . . .
no , you cannot change the resolution of android in vnc in a standard way . however , some android phones have additional functions to support hdmi ( which results in running android at a higher resolution ) . if you can somehow tap into that functionality in conjunction with vnc , then you might be able to get a 480p , 720p , and 1080p option . but this is something that would be highly customized to a single phone as all of the different hdmi implementations seem to vary tremendously . one other option that would be yet another one-off possibility ( with some custom work ) would be if your phone supports webtop functionality . if so , perhaps you could tap into this . however , there is no third-party app that does what you are wanting . to do this , you will have to develop or find somebody to develop this highly-customized solution . as other have suggested , you are probably not going to get much better than changing the lcd density , which clearly is not what you are after .
fyi the cyanogenmod 10 is the first update with the code to detect an invalid imei . you could already have an invalid imei and do not know about it . the issue with an invalid imei is that you may have emergency calling problems ( inability to do emergency calls ) . confirm imei does the imei reported match the number under your battery ? dial *#06# and the imei will be presented on your screen . possible solution from this code . google . com thread , the user at comment 5 managed to solve the issue : steps i took to solve the problem : flash my phone by odin to version 2.2.1 update to cm9 using recovery with stabile version od cm9 http://download.cyanogenmod.com/get/jenkins/5805/cm-9.0.0-galaxysmtd.zip update to cm10 using last version of kernel . i used cm-10-20120822-nightly-galaxysmtd . between steps i did wipe data/factory reset and wipe cache partition . now my imei is correct . after cleaning the phone and updates do cm10 i recommend installing gapps-jb-20120726-signed , because your phone will be clean as a baby after birth .
its power saving symbol and you have to disable from setting for remove symbol .
click on the people ( contact ) app and click the menu button and go to settings -> contacts to display -> customize . then make sure only " my contacts " and " stared in android " are enabled . google should not be adding random emails to my contacts ( since those should be ones you specifically added and the " all other contacts " should contain all the addresses you sent emails to ) . if those emails are part of my contacts , i believe your only option is to manually go through your contacts and change it . luckily , google has a web interface to allow this at http://contacts.google.com . when you are there , you can click the checkbox on all the contacts you do not want shown on your phone and then click the groups icon ( 3rd button over , it shows 3 people on it ) , and then uncheck the my contacts checkbox . the next time your phone syncs your contacts , it will fix your contacts list .
what i did : move my actual contacts to the sim card wipe the data from the contacts storage app in the application manager load the contacts from the sim .
nothing like that exists yet since the apps are not run natively in the os , but they use dalvik virutal machine instead ( wikipedia ) . it is somewhat comparable to java in the sense that it uses bytecode and creates a separated environment for each app . so unless the dalvik environment is ported to other platforms , they can not be run on normal hardware . there is a project called alien dalvik by myriad that tries to run android apps in different environments , but there is not much info on it . myriad alien dalvik
you can use an alternative sms app , e.g. handcent . i think the spell checking feature is probably htc specific ( afaik , htc has their own sms app ) .
using a higher current charger will not be a problem . the phone " pulls " current , rather than having the current " pushed " to it by the charger , so it will only take as much current as it wants , regardless of how much the charger is capable of supplying . by relation , there is no point in getting a charger with a current rating higher than your phone will accept . it is just a waste of money , as your phone will not make use of the extra capability . exactly how much current your phone will accept is usually unspecified and is generally only determinable by direct measurement ( i.e. . put a multimeter in the circuit ) , and thus generally is not practical to exactly determine for an everyday user . 1a chargers are fairly standard and would be completely adequate for almost any phone . chargers with more current than that are generally intended for tablets/phablets which have much larger batteries and will accept more current ( e . g . 10" tablets generally charge at around 2.5a ) . your phone will charge off those fine , but as i said above , just will not take advantage of the extra current capability you paid for .
according to some users in this thread , application named " superoneclick " is able to successfully root your handset . you will need to install it on your computer ( various windows and linux flavors available ) .
edited 01/30/2014 if you clear the data for google services framework , you can force the ota update to start again . there are a few downsides to this , but with a brand new device , you can safely clear the data and perform the ota update . old answer . . . as deailed in this question , you can download the 4.4.2 image directly from google and install it on your tablet from your computer . one method is to use fastboot : if you are using windows , you will need usb drivers ( official link , and easy mode link , koush 's universal driver ) . the file downloaded includes instructions , which basically boil down to . . . reboot into bootloader/fastboot mode . connect your device to your pc with usb . run the appropriate flash-all file for your desktop os ( windows .bat files and bash .sh files are included with the downloaded android image ) . note : this will also erase all data on your device . make sure you back up whatever you want to . if i remember correctly , there is a flash-base or similar option that will not erase your data , instead of flash-all .
as far as i can tell and from links like this and also this link ( for different devices obviously ) it seems that once the usb is plugged in that is what will charge the device , and the wireless-charging is disabled . the nexus 4 has two main power circuits : 1 ) battery connector and charging circuit and 2 ) wireless charging gen2 circuit . these two work together with internal battery protection circuit as well . there are many controls going on while charging , such as current sensors , thermal sensors , voltage reference and voltage input detection . so basically it has been thought to avoid any problem if you happen to connect both charging supplies at the same time , as only one will act as the charger , and as far as i can understand the logic of it , it’s the usb charging that has priority over wireless charging .
i think this is an unresolvable issue but you can find more info at the link below stackexchange-url
this is not a miracle solution , but : when taking pictures indoor , keep in mind that android 's auto white-balance might make the wrong choice . look at the image on the screen , and if it feels unnatural , try manually selecting the incandescent or fluorescent settings . be aware that , at least currently , the nexus 4 camera does not compare favorably to the iphone 5 camera : on the nexus 4 , pictures tend to lack details , colors are washed out , and images lack contrast with both white and black leaning towards the grey . if you own a nexus 4 and find this disappointing , let me try to reassure you : first , it is not as bad as it sounds ; second , there is still a chance this can be improved with software ; third , do not forget your unlocked nexus 4 costs almost half the price of an unlocked iphone 5 . below are some pictures of the same scene i took with an iphone 5 and nexus 4 , so we can compare them side-by-side . this first shot was done indoor , in a low light , without a flash . left : iphone 5 ( original ) , right : nexus 4 ( original ) . this second shot was done outdoor . top : iphone 5 ( original ) , bottom : nexus 4 ( original ) .
you could try to use the " static ip settings": go to settings -> wireless and network -> wi-fi settings press menu button , select advanced check use static ip look for your pc 's ip address , and enter a similar address for ip address ( e . g . if your pc 's one is 192.168.1.2 , try 192.168.1.3 ) . enter your router 's ip as gateway ( usually 192.168.1.1 or 192.168.178.1 etc . ) enter 255.255.255.0 as the netmask . it is important that the ip address is not already used in your network .
go to the air gesture settings and deselect " quick glance "
you can not mark mails as not spam . instead you have to label it inbox . to do this on the bottom action bar , hit labels and tick inbox . it seems that this is equivalent as all future emails go straight to the inbox .
to do a factory reset , you should be able to go to Settings -&gt; Privacy and hit factory data reset . alternatively though , to just clear the sms data you should go to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications and find the sms app ( "messaging " or similar ) and clear the data for it . there may also be something like " messaging storage " that you need to clear . if you really need to boot into recovery , i would try the following : hold power and volume down until the phone reboots or turns on hold the power button for two more seconds , then release it ( if the phone reboots again , you held it too long ) keep holding volume down until recovery mode appears
it will stay online . auto-backup only add photo , they never remove it .
the problem is gone after a fresh install . now , there is no need to answer .
i am not sure what version of gmail you have , but the version i have ( along with android 4.1.2 ) allows me to " show pictures " in the message , then i have the option to " always show pictures from this sender " . the option in the settings is to " remove " the always show that you have set for any sender in the past . the only way to always show images is by first showing them for a sender , then select the always show . and afaik , this can only be done per sender .
do a hard reset , remove sim , set network type to wcdma preferred .
there is a nice ( free ) alternative keyboard on the android market - that is somewhere between swype and the built in keyboard - called touchpal . it allows for three different layouts ( 16 key , 20 key and qwerty ) and you can set a default for different orientations - i.e. 20 key for portrait , qwerty for landscape . and there is a bunch of other things it does that make it nice and easy to use . one thing to note is that it is made for chinese and english input but there are options to turn off the chinese input . also , some version of android have a bug that sometimes prevents a newly added input method editor ( ime ) from showing up properly . you may need to restart the handset after installing . all that aside , i use it every day on my htc desire as a replacement for the stock keyboard and i could not do without it . have a look at cootek 's site or search market for cootek or touchpal .
first , especially for " newbies": hovering your mouse over the adb tag will reveal some info . clicking the info link there brings you to the tag wiki , providing you some information to get started . the second link there ( everything about adb ) contains the answer to your problem : adb push C:\Desktop\TitaniumBackup.apk /sdcard/ for the target , only specify the path , do not include a file name . so your command should look like : adb.exe push c:\main.1.com.redcricket.Audiobook.obb /mnt/sdcard/Android/obb/com.redcricket.Audiobook  a special error you included is the backslash ( \ ) which , on windows systems , is a path separator -- but on posix systems ( unix/linux/android ) is an " escape character " ( directory separator on these systems is the " forward slash " , / ) .
sounds like hacker 's keyboard might be a good try for you . it does not have some of the rightmost keys ( insert , end , page up/down , also f1-f12 ) visibly displayed on the main layout , but they are available by pressing the " fn " key . here 's the layout on a tablet :
have you enabled the visibility of these labels/folders from the imap section of options in the main gmail web interface . advanced imap controls were recently rolled out to all users , so certain labels/folders may have been deemed hidden . click settings and then within the labels section , check mark those boxes whose labels you want shown as imap folders by selecting show in imap . =========== update : also check within k9 account settings > folders and make sure certain folders are not hidden .
hit the menu button ( bottom left of the phone ) and then click on the star ( which will be at the top right of the dialog which appears ) . the star is only to the right of the url on the omni bar on the desktop version of chrome .
if that is a malware , it will take care to leave no tracks ( i.e. . deleting the sent message ) . two things you should do asap : contact your provider and check what messages where sent . especially expensive " premium " messages . it could be something sends " just spam " , but it also could be some " money generator " . check with a permission checker what apps have the permission to . . . send sms/mms deactivate your lockscreen ( aka keyguard ) if you find an app that has both permissions , that is a very likely candidate . a good app to check this is e.g. rl permissions , which lets you check by app and by permission : rl permissions : apps by permissions / permissions by app ( source : google play ; click images for large variants ) as rl permissions has not been updated for more than 2 years , an alternative to this is permission explorer , which offers similar features : permission explorer : apps by permissions / permissions by app ( source : google play ; click images for large variants ) once you have identified a suspicious app , deactivate or uninstall it . watch if the described behaviour continues . if it does not , you have got the culprit . one more lesson learned : just having some antivirus on your device does not mean you are safe and do not need to care . those " checkers " mostly compare with a database of known malware . unlike their pc companions , they do not do heuristic scans .
there is nothing available . while it is theoretically possible with the hardware , in practice it would be very difficult to implement and would probably need a custom rom that supported it . even the tools for doing this on a desktop ( aircrack , etc . ) generally require specific wireless chipsets and drivers to do wireless packet capture . edit : there is now a project that got monitor mode working on the galaxy s2 and the google nexus one . see http://bcmon.blogspot.de/
yes and no . as far as i am aware , a typical android install will not contain unzip . you can , however , install busybox for android , which provides the unzip utility . then a simple : adb shell unzip /sdcard/archive.zip  would do the trick . if you are rooted you can use a busybox installer from the market like stericson 's . if you are not rooted then you should be able to manually push a busybox binary ( one here on github , for example ; click " raw " to download it ) to somewhere like /data/local and then invoke it . it should be something like : alternatively , many file managers will unzip files for you . i personally use file expert but there are a lot of others . usually you just need to long press on the archive and it will present an " extract " option or similar .
yes , it is possible to install custom kernels on stock roms . the kernel developer will usually say which roms ( or types of roms ) the kernel supports . if you are not sure you can try reading the kernel thread , and there will always be poeple saying things like " working great on [ firmware version here ] " . this way you can also make sure that it will work ok on your version of the stock rom . as for your example , yes you can flash this on your stock rom : xda-developers
in android settings , go to security and uncheck " make passwords visible . " this will cause all password characters to be obfuscated , even as you type . it is a global option , so there is no way to set it for just one input method .
i believe it depends upon the music player app . have you tried using another music player ? in my case , i did not encounter this issue . i have used samsung galaxy 3 with several music players including stock player and also with a bluetooth headset . i think the app itself is the cause for this , which is causing screen wake-up on next/previous , and in my opinion is a poor implementation . i do not know of any apps which allow to change the screen on behavior like this . it may be available in cyanogen-mod perhaps .
seems like " droid vnc server " doing the job .
are you sure it really was one of your relatives sending this mail -- and not just a spammer using their address as sender ( as the url suggests ) ? i would for sure not install that , to me it looks like malware . ask that relative first if and why and what he sent . a google search revealed some related information : on xda one encountered something similar , and they assume it is rather malware bestappmarket informs this app was removed from google play ( hm , guess why ) . same information is found at androidinformer and here it comes : virustotal clearly lists it as malware , being detected as such by several malware scanners . conclusion : keep your fingers off ! do not install !
i was going to suggest cyanogenmod also , if that does not work or is not something you are interested in , you should try tasker http://tasker.dinglisch.net/ https://market.android.com/details?id=net.dinglisch.android.taskerm it pretty much can do just about anything you can think of without quite as much work as writing an app yourself .
from the home screen hit the menu button , then choose settings > location and security and from there you should have an option to set up a patter or pin based screenlock . the pattern lock will give you the option to create your own pattern on the 3x3 grid : if you want to be able to draw a completely random pattern , cyanogenmod 6.2 has the option to draw any invisible gesture to unlock the screen .
you will need to go into your google account settings and revoke issued permissions for any app which you no longer wish to have access to your google account . you can review connected apps at https://accounts.google.com/b/0/issuedauthsubtokens?hl=en
we are using exchange on serveral devices at the office ( for testing ) and what i noticed is that sometimes exchange services seem to drain alot of battery even when set to a low interval or push . this typically happens when exchange is trying to pull some data from the server but an error occurs . the end user ( you ) does not always see the error . for me usually a reboot fixes the problem , worst case remove the exchange profile and reinstall it afterwards .
it depends . usualy when you would pair a device to you car audio player , the player would only want the files on it . but that depends on the player and what type of connection it makes with it is paired devices . so basicaly i think you will have to try and see if it works .
purchase a mouse which supports multitouch gestures ( using which you zoom in or out ) . e.g. padkite if you do not want to purchase anything , just go to dolphin 's Settings , tap Lab and turn on pinch-Zoom Button . then , you will find +/- clickable buttons to zoom in or out .
many apps use the imei for analytics purposes , for example counting users . most tools like google analytics or flurry need a unique id per phone , so the imei fits quite well . note that this does not work on non-cellular platforms ( like tablets ) , and the imei can also be faked : this is why some apps choose a different system ( see this article ) .
use evernote . it has a dedicated Page Camera feature for your purpose . you can continuously snap documents with it . if you are a premium user , keywords from your snapped documents will be indexed with ocr technologies ( which will be useful in searching ) . and , it works great ( i am a premium user and i have used it ) . if you are not , just buy premium subscription for 1 month . . . indexing continue to exist after 1 month ( but new documents will not be indexed ) .
you should be able to connect to 3g networks . i am not sure who your carrier is , but if you are in an area where you cannot pick up lte then 3g should be the fallback . i used to work for verizon wireless and this is how all the 4g lte phones and tablets worked . in fact , when lte first started rolling out it was not in most places , including the area where i worked . people were buying lte devices left and right and they only operated on 3g until the lte network got built out .
you might want to try moving apps installed in internal memory to sd card by long pressing on the desired app from the app drawer and dragging it up to the app info panel , scroll down and there you may find the " move to sd card " option . however afaik you cannot move apps to sd on the s3 unless rooted . you got to manage your files and apps using the 11 gb available or else root your device .
what makes this easy is using tab-completion to complete the device id . type adb -s D0  and press tab . the plugin in your shell will run adb devices to find the full device id and complete it on the command line for you . you can then type in the rest of the command . adb is a tool for developers , and even developers do not usually run it by hand from the command-line : both the main android development environments ( eclipse-based and intellij idea-based ) have gui wrappers . there is not really a need for it to be any more user-friendly than it is .
for a real safe and complete wipe , you might want to take a look at nuke my device . if you are just after a factory-reset , this can be find in settings . but then you should not forget about your other storage ( sdcards – internal as well as external ­– are usually not dealt with by a factory-reset , though some roms do so ) .
edit : after using my original solution for a while , i came to the conclusion that it does not satisfy my needs : using it to see and use the link url took too much time . so i developed a new android app with a single purpose , namely : copying the link to the clipboard , and display the link target in a toast . the app is available in google play as copy link to clipboard ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=nl.robwu.copylink ) ; below are two screenshots of the app in action . original answer below i figured out that i used the wrong keywords . searches for " url preview " , " link preview " , " view link " , etc . did not yield anything useful . so , i went to look for url unshortener apps . the unshorten it app by leocardz ( leonardo cardoso ) adds an entry to the contextmenu of each link . adds an option to the " share link " menu . shows up in the url intent screen . furthermore , it is fast , the ui looks great and it does not contain any ads or nagging donate requests . one minor issue : one cannot directly visit the url without first tapping on the " unshorten " button . after tapping that button , the url is resolved ( ie . unshortened if needed ) , and the result is displayed below the blue button . from there , you can share it , or open it in another browser , or just go back to the original app . ( i have evaluated two other apps , unshorten by tea and toys and short url evaluator by nicolas smith , but they did not show up at the url intent screen , which was a minimal requirement to me )
it depends on the live wallpaper in question , but in general , the wallpaper only runs when the home screen is visible . since you are usually running an app or have the screen off , the live wallpaper has no effect most of the time : the extra battery use is limited to when you are looking at the home screen . this is not always true , though . some live wallpapers also run extra things . for example , the live wallpaper might periodically run in the background so that it can change its appearance based on your email inbox , or weather reports from the internet , or the accelerometer . for that reason , some live wallpapers might use quite a lot of battery . in that respect , live wallpapers are no different from any other app . if they are inefficient or do a lot of work , they will run your battery down quickly . if they are efficient and simple , you will not notice any extra battery use . unless reviewers comment on it , you will not know until you try .
if it starts to boot ( goes to the boot logo/animation ) or recovery/download mode at least tries to load , then the motherboard is not damaged . your device is soft-bricked , and just needs to have a compatible rom flashed , and your userdata erased for your device to be fully functional again . the person is the service centre does not know what hey is talking about ( i would not trust those people - they just want your money ) .
use data2sd instead of creating the symlink manually from the terminal . usually sd cards are formatted with fat32 , data2sd creates an ext2 embedded partition instead . . . more detailed explanation here .
there are a few options available , but the effective ones i came up with will require root access . and the second option may require an unlocked bootloader ( i am not sure if the note 2 can unlock its bootloader or not ) . even if you have the most recent version of android , google has not enabled multiple users for phones ; they figure people share tablets , but have their own phone . and there are some issues that come with multiple users on a phone . specific app profiles ( root required ) there are apps such as titanium backup that let you create profiles for apps , and it works on any version of android . you select the apps that you want to be multi-user . then you add a widget to your homescreen that lets you choose which user you want to switch to . titanium backup will then back up the data for the current user and restore the backup data for the user you select . if you are worried about one user getting text messages , you will either have to insert a different sim for each user ( and thus change the phone to a new number ) , or set up each person with a google voice number . then , have the google voice app be set up with multiple profiles . full nandroid backup/restore - most effective ( root required ) if you root it and install a custom recovery , such as clockworkmod ( cwm ) or twrp , it would be a very simple process . just do a full backup of the phone , then do a factory reset . give the phone to your mom , and she can set it up like her own phone . once she gives the phone back to you , do a full nandroid backup again in the recovery , then recover your own image . this will clear all her data ( except anything stored on the sd card , such as images and other files ) and restore your own . after you boot up the phone , it will be like she never touched it .
with as advanced of a phone as the s3 is , you should not be experiencing much , if any , lag at all . chances are , it is something you have or have not done to the phone . 1 . try restarting it . often times , ram will remain in use even when applications are no longer being used . restarting it will bring your phone back to where it is not using ram from all the apps you have been using since the last time you restarted it . 2 . you said that you clear your cache . . . i am assuming you mean ram cache , versus data cache . android 's way of memory ( ram ) cache " clearing " is not always ( or even often ) entirely effective . an app i have fell in love with for cleaning out ram ( as well as it is anti-virus abilities ) is 360 mobile security - antivirus , which you can download from the app store . it'll force out memory in ways many apps do not , and also gives you the benefit of having an anti-virus program built in . root gives more functionality to it , but you said you do not use root , but i thought i would throw that out there for anyone reading this that might have root . 3 . update your android system . 4.1.2 is not known for it is " buttery smooth interface and performance " . settings --> about phone --> update ( may be in status tab ) will likely be able to update android 's platform for you . if not , outside of rooting and changing your rom , guess you will be stuck with 4.1.2 unless your carrier provides an update service for you . 4 . check your settings . there is things in the developer 's options menu that'll effect transition speed , which can give appearances like lag . developers options --> window/transition animation scale is the place you want to check . x1 seems to be a standard setting , but the lower you go , the faster the system will react visually , and ( when available ) , i set mine to x . 25 , but that is not always an option ( in roms ) , where-as x . 5 usually is available . use x . 5 if x . 25 isnt available . there is a couple other things in developer 's options that could help you out too , take a look around . 5 . keep on researching the issue if this does not help . the answers are out there .
i think you need to buy one of these mhl to hdmi converters - it mentions that it specifically supports your device .
htc 's solution to this issue is to " press and hold the power button for at least 10 seconds , and then release it . htc one x will be shutdown and then boot again . " this is the only solution i would be able to see . if you require something more , then as a phone modder i would recommend you take apart the phone and manually disconnect the battery . this is rather risky unless you are confident in what you are doing . you may be able to refer to this page : http://htcpedia.com/news/htc-one-x-how-to-take-it-apart.html for a tutorial on how to disassemble the unibody of the htc one x . the last safe option you have is to simply wait a day or so ( since it is stuck on ) until the battery drains completely . from there of course charge it up again and continue with whatever software modding you were doing .
you do not need any special software . on recent linux distributions such as ubuntu 13.04 , all the right drivers for mtp are installed by default . when you plug your phone in , you get a file manager window that shows the contents of your phone . the phone appears as a normal directory , so you can drag-n-drop files , use rsync to sync files , or anything else you normally do to move or manage files . some apps , such as shotwell ( for photos ) and clementine ( for music ) also detect that your phone acts as a media player , and offer specific functionality for syncing a music collection , transferring and processing photos , in a high-level interface that works on playlists and albums instead of just files . you do not need to use this kind of software , but it is there if you prefer not to worry about exactly where each file is stored . on older ubuntu versions and some other distributions , you might need to install one or more mtp-related packages through the package manager to make this work . you still do not need any hardware-specific software , and the forum or manual for your distribution will explain exactly what setup is needed .
there are a couple of apps in the playstore which permit you to view/edit exif data : photo image editor - photoshop ( free ) says it can view , edit , or delete exif data same promised by photo editor exif editor and viewer ( paid ) promises to remove , modify , and add individual or multiple exif tags pixelgarde even states : edit exif metadata for several photos as a batch , or just individual photos there are probably many more , so i just picked two of the more promising examples .
you can try to press and hold the pair/reset button on the back of the revue for 10 seconds . source using the hardware button press and hold the pair/reset button located to the left side of the left hdmi port on the back of the box for about 10 seconds . the revue will then restart with factory default settings . using the menus 1 . from the home screen select applications . 2 . choose settings . 3 . select about . 4 . choose factory data reset . 5 . select reset device . 6 . select erase everything . the pair/reset button is the one identified by number ( 1 ) on page 3 of the logiteh revue manual .
with the helpful assistance from couple of people from xda developers forum i was able to fix the gps . i have found a modem file that was supposed to fix it in this xda thread , and did everything by the instructions there . all i had to do is download a .zip file that contains two modem files ( mk2 modem ) in it , and flash them in order with odin . after that i checked the gps with gps status app and it locked onto a satellite blazing fast . i noticed couple of hours later that suddenly the cellular signal was really weak in area that should have full coverage . so i flashed this modem ( bn4 ) and it fixed it ( and the gps also fine ) .
you can download applications over a wifi connection without any phone plan . for example , i recently removed an htc hero from my phone plan and was able to download applications to the phone over wifi with no problem . . . . even though i could not make calls . since android is not limited to phones or devices with wireless data plans , requiring a phone plan would not be possible for all android devices . additionally , with competion in the works like amazon 's upcoming android applications market , there will be too much disincentive for google to require a monthly fee for market access .
i am english , but a southerner with a fairly rp accent , and using voice recognition for google searching is pretty accurate for me . unfortunately this sounds like it is an accent thing . i know google offer their 411 directory voice service in the us , apparently one of the main benefits of this for them is that they can capture a huge amount of speech and use it to train their voice recognition with the words that people really use , in the accents they really use . until they start offering something like that over here i do not think their british regional accents are going to get better very quickly . update 15 dec 2010 : things are changing . google are starting to trial a new version of google voice that does personalised voice recognition and learns based on the way you pronounce words . unfortunately as it is a trial this for us android 2.2 users only at the moment , but hopefully it should be going out to the rest of the world if this trial is successful . if you are an english speaking android 2.2 user in the us , you can get the update here .
ok , so it seems the only way to do this on android is to contact shazam customer support , give them your imei number and they will send you the list .
http://www.android-x86.org/ this is the only android distribution for intel/amd processors that i am aware of . it has little support , but is actively maintained . the latest version is a release candidate for android 2.3 . obviously hardware support is hit and miss . for what it is worth it runs very well on my eee pc . you can install the iso to a usb drive with unetbootin , or use a drive imaging tool with the . img file .
looks like it has been reported as a swiftkey bug for the nexus 10 as well . your best best is probably wait to get this fixed . i suggest you click the vote button in their support site to increase the bug 's priority . i just added 3 votes for you ! note : i do not use swiftkey . i use go keyboard .
yes , to an extent . i know there are apps that will create an ssh terminal . most likely there are other apps that can process other types of protocols . there are only few tablets that compatible with ubuntu ( at least work well with ) . the nexus 7 and/or 10 being a prime example . from what i hear , it works very well and is almost no different from the desktop version . in my opinion , from what you are looking for , i would get a nexus 7/10 and try out android os , and if it can not do everything you want it to , then install ubuntu .
there is an app called altitude that does allow you to configure those settings per installation ( = per device in your case ) . edit : purpose of the app - updating your latitude status/location base on more fine grained settings ( update interval , location source ) . altitude on android market xda thread i would recommend to configure latitude to " manual location " and altitude to automatic update , but first read through the thread to check if this tool does the trick for you .
this sounds to me like a similar problem i have had with duplicating images in the gallery . i fixed this by clearing the gallery data , and allowing it to rebuild next time the media scanner ran . i would suggest trying the same technique . i would imagine that whereas i deleted the data from the gallery app , you should try clearing data from the stock android music player , or failing that from poweramp . settings-applications-manage applications-all-gallery-clear data ( confirm ) . this does not delete your media itself , just the database that details where the media is . the media scanner will rebuild this database automatically next time it scans . it would be prudent to backup your phone contents before you try this .
there is currently no way of accessing the history without a device that has a scrollwheel . for some reason , google did not implement any ui or touch screen functions with the history , and therefore the only way to access it is to scroll down with a scrollwheel . there is a bug report here . there is an improved calculator app from cyanogenmod called cyanogenmod calculator , which has a history . ( the link should work but is untested since google play throws an ssl certificate error on my current connection )
restarting your phone should resolve the issue .
in the messaging app , access menu > settings > text message limit and set it to a higher number you like . hope this helps .
a lot of the recent htc phones can lock and home at the same time , that may be what you are doing by accident . as previously stated , the google+ app by default backs up your pictures to a ( private ) online album for easier sharing . this can be turned off entirely , or configured to only sync on wifi ( to save your data allowance ) and give you a chance to delete unwanted pictures before they are uploaded .
i do not know that lg makes the lock screen configurable like that , but you could always try a lock screen replacement . something like widgetlocker or lockbot might do the trick for you . lockbot has a free version , so i would start with that and see if it does what you want .
if you install a file manager app like astro file manager you can put any files into any directory you create , including pictures . then all you have to do is make a shortcut to that directory on the home screen .
awesome drop does exactly what you are looking for . drag and drop into a page on your pc 's browser and the are automatically downloaded to your device . edit : here are a couple other options : wifi syncr : if you are connected to the same wifi network this will do exactly what you want . you basically setup a shared folder in windows and anything you put in that folder is pushed to the designated folder on your device . it is a one way sync : pc => device . you may be able to set this up to work remotely over the internet if you use a dynamic dns service but i do not really know . you can use a cloud service like flow mentioned in his answer and couple that with an app that will automatically keep the local folders on your device synced so you will not have to manually download each file . i personally use dropsync with my dropbox account . i have also used foldersync with google drive ( foldersync actually syncs with tons of cloud services ) . both are paid apps but have lite versions that limit you to one folder which would work . the drawback to this method is that there is a way to set it up to detect changes on your local device and sync immediately , however it can not detect changes to the cloud directory so files would only be downloaded to your device on the sync schedule you setup .
the best way to use two different languages either on a smartphone or on a tablet is from device standard settings , with device keyboard and also with external usb and bluetooth keyboard . to use more than one language follow the images : [ i can not post images yet ] General Settings -&gt; Language and input -&gt; Option of Samsung keyboard -&gt; Input languages  here you can chose between many languages . so you have setted correctly . now to use one or the other language when you write is very easy , you have to slide with finger on the spacebar of the device keyboard .
sms backup+ will backup ( and can restore too ) your sms messages to your gmail account ( you have to enable imap in gmail ) the nice thing about it , it does it automatically . it can also backup your call log too email too .
no , for security reasons it is not possible to access android log files on the nexus 7 ( or any other device running jelly bean or higher ) without root access . google changed that with jelly bean . i would suggest you wait until logcat readers like alogcat and such get fixed ( i.e. . they will require root access to show all logs then ) . from aisec-tr-2012-001-android-os-security . pdf - 3.3 android permission model : the read_logs permission can substitute the following on many devices , depending on the android version and thus the standard apps’ versions installed : read_contacts get_tasks – every started activity is listed in the system’s logs read_history_bookmarks – opening new web pages is a browser activity and thus logged read_sms all solutions below require root access : you need to either run logcat as root in a shell or manually grant it via the shell pm command ( root required ) works also ( see xda , exchange org . jtb . alogcat . donate with the app 's pkg name ) : pm grant org.jtb.alogcat.donate android.permission.READ_LOGS this is for the lazy ones and not suggested : if you are desperate , careless and lazy , you can fix it by giving every app the read_logs permission by applying this ugly and insecure hack ( chainfire via twitter ) : chmod 04755 /system/bin/logcat to quote cyanogenmod developer koushik dutta 's g+ post : did the android log permissions/behavior change in jellybean ? it seems that if an application runs " logcat " now , it can see only the log entries created by its uid . log lines from other uids are not shown . basically , it seems to be filtered now . i have the same permissions as usual . also confirmed the same thing is happening in other log collector apps .
1 ) on which physical storage does " memory " sit when the specs say " memory " , it is referring to the ram that the device has . this is not persistent storage , it is " volatile " storage , which loses its information when unpowered ( after a brief discharge time ) . ram is memory the system and apps use to function , for things like storing the state of an application ( variables , functions , etc ) , graphics buffers , and the like . most mobile systems on a chip will have the ram attached directly to the cpu die to make it as fast as possible . as per the specs : the device has 1 gb of ram available to the system and running apps . it reports less than this because the system reserves some for things like the cellular radio and the graphics chip , which it will not give to user processes . the hardware info app is reporting the amount of ram available to user processes . 2 ) on which physical storage does " internal storage " sit in this case , " internal storage " and " sd storage " refer to the same physical storage area . this is persistent storage , generally flash or emmc based , that is soldered onto the motherboard . the storage chip is partitioned into two pieces , which you can visualize roughly like so : internal storage is where apps and their private data are stored ; e.g. it is the /data partition . sd storage is accessible via usb when attached to a computer , and is where media ( music , photos , videos , etc ) , downloads , and any non-private app data will be stored . again , looking at your specs , you can see that : the device has 16 gb of storage . that is , it has a 16 gb storage chip embedded in it . of that , 2 gb is partitioned as " internal memory " for apps the remaining is partitioned for " sd storage " ( 13 gb , in your case , probably due to filesystem overhead and such ; this is very common ) . this partitioning scheme as become somewhat less common since android migrated to media transfer protocol for providing access to the storage from a pc . the reason the separate partitions were originally necessary is because android used ums in the earlier versions ( anything &lt ; 3.0 ) , which requires block-level access to the storage space , meaning android had to unmount the storage space that it provided to the pc . a consequence of this was that the entire partition could not be given to the pc because android would basically cease to function until you unplugged your phone if it did . the storage space and the ram are unrelated to one another , and are not on the same physical chip . they serve entirely different purposes .
that is rather a shell scripting question to be asked at super user . your answer can be found here : extract filename and extension in bash : should work on most shells , supposedly . update : you can even omit half of your script by adapting this to your original statements : dexopt-wrapper $i1 ${i1%.*}.odex should create the file with the correct naming , so no need to rename it later . to make your script real short and handy : that is all you should need : )
when it comes to user authentication , mobile browsers are no different from desktop browsers . mobile browsers do not get login credentials from local android accounts . if your primary google account is used automatically , it means you are logged in with this in dolphin browser . simply , go to google . com and sign out , then try again with trello .
this is a common problem with parents giving their phones for children to play with . see my answer here for some related information . essentially , it is a security problem . if i take away your right to use the back button ( or more importantly , the home button ) , then you can not quit my app and therefore i have hi-jacked your phone . therefore , the only way you are going to get around this is if there some method to do this with a rooted phone . or if an application/game supports some sort of " kid lock " that might not be foolproof . developers can override the back/menu/search button intents , but i do not think they can override the home button unless it is a home launcher app . take a quick look at this search on the android market . there are some games specifically tailored to this problem that you might find interesting .
the problem went away after the ics update was pushed out .
as an answer to my own question ( which i re-discovered just now ) , i can tell i have installed : manaltyics : gives you several charts and data of all your web sites coupled to you google account . very nice . analytics widget : widget which when clicked , will update one count of one of your sites . different widgets can be created . very handy to follow the most important data . enjoy .
there are several factors , which i will address ( pun intended ) in no particular order . ram is expensive sure , memory chips may be cheap , but that is not the only ( or even the main ) cost . alongside the ram itself you need extra buses , power lines , bigger memory controllers , heatsinks , and c . the ram also takes physical space on-chip . for oomph-per-dollar , at the moment , you are better off increasing cache sizes rather than memory sizes . also , do not forget how power-hungry ram is . doubling the ram capacity means doubling its power budget , which means either your battery life gets even worse , or you need bigger batteries . now , you could say that the extra ram could be powered down until it is needed , but ( a ) do not forget that android currently tries to keep all the ram full to save cpu cycles , so the software changes to support that would be very expensive , and ( b ) that is just giving app developers another way to screw up and run your battery down . so , it is not as cheap as all that , and you do not want to add more ram until you can really use it , which you can not , because of 32-bit processors remember how desktops and servers only started having lots of ram when 64-bit processors became popular ? that is because 32-bit processors can only have 4 gb of address space . that has to include all the ram you want to access , plus any memory-mapped buffers for accessing other hardware and storage . by the time you count everything , it effectively limits you to accessing about 3gb of ram . with lpae ( the arm equivalent of intel 's pae ) you can make that a per-process limit rather than a whole-system limit . that is , you could have 8 gb of ram in your device , and each process could use up to 3gb of it . but that is not as useful for a phone as it is for a server , because of single-tasking unlike ios , android lets apps run background services , but realistically , they are not going to be doing memory-intensive operations . you do not need 2 gb of ram to sync your email and contacts , and for more intensive background operations , the trend has been to put them in " the cloud " , letting big servers handle the heavy lifting and just send the results to your screen . if you think of a smartphone and tablet as just a thin client connected to internet services , there is no way you had even need 1 gb of ram . ram demands have only grown past that because of increasing screen resolutions and the need to supply large textures to games . you mentioned potential for multitasking , but it is a tiny minority of users would would ever be swapping between two memory-hungry apps on a tablet or phone . maybe a paint program and a 3d modelling app ? this may be something that changes if manufacturers start bringing android to desktops or more powerful portables , but right now ram is not the only thing stopping people using their devices that way . even if you are multitasking , you have fast non-volatile memory android devices have an extra advantage that means they do not need as much ram as desktops or servers : fast non-volatile storage . you mentioned swapping to disk in your question , so do not forget that windows has been doing this with readyboost , which uses a flash drive as virtual memory ( the windows equivalent of swap space ) . using flash memory as swap is actually pretty fast , especially when it is internal memory ( so the system integrator can tune everything for its latency and bandwidth ) rather than an arbitrary sd card . android already lets apps pack up their gui state into special storage before they go away . this lets background processes take up less memory , and provides a path for android to move that state to non-volatile memory . i would expect to see this mechanism used a lot more cleverly in software to make the most of the ram you already have , before manufacturers start pushing the 32-bit limit . to summarise : there is no reason android devices can not have more memory , but adding more is not just a question of going to pc world and buying a stick of ddr . at the same time , most users will not see any benefit from the extra memory ; the way android devices are used and the way android apps are written would have to change before they would . if you want to replace your home server with a cheap , power-efficient arm computer , there is no need to look to android for that . you can get small arm servers that run gnu/linux , and even some mainstream nases are easy to install a gnu/linux distro on . you might even be able to repurpose an android device for this ( for example , ubuntu 13.04 is supposed to run on a nexus 7 ) .
clockworkmod tether does usb tethering without root and bluetooth tethering is planned ( it is still in alpha ) . unfortunately , from what i understand only windows , linux and mac os will be supported , but who knows what will happen in the future ( maybe wi-fi support ) . koush 's apps are great .
after giving thought to what geffchang said above , i came across with the app skitch which can be used to highlight webpages as you wish . added advantage for this app is you can directly synchronize your work with evernote , a widely used note-taking app .
if that happens on linux the reason is usually that the adb daemon is unable to write to the usb device in /dev . for more information see this answer on stackoverflow .
what you are looking for is usually known as a ' receipt printer ' . a quick google for ' bluetooth receipt printer ' turns up a number of models from a variety of manufacturers ( quite a few of them are actually battery powered and portable - like you see at car rental places ) . the big problem here is that android does not really have any concept of local printing , so i think you are going to have to implement it yourself . android does have bluetooth communications apis ( docs ) , and i would be surprised if the printer manufacturers have not heard all this before , and have at least clues how to proceed ( after all , they like to sell printers ! ) . if you will be buying a significant number of printers , i bet they will happily help you talk to their devices . if that is too expensive for you ( and those printers look a bit pricey ) , then you could try usb . again , you can find usb receipt printers , which again you will have to learn to talk to . android does have a set of usb apis ( docs ) . on the plus side , my quick google for ' usb receipt printer ' turned up some sub-$75 choices right away , so this might be a good approach if you are price sensitive . i would also be willing to bet that at least some of the usb printers are actually serial devices with something like an ftdi chip bolted up to them . that means that talking to them is probably not very difficult . alternately , if you can find a cheap receipt printer that is serial or something , you could look at the ioio boards and software stack as a way to interface your android tablet to some funky printer . these are boards that adhere to the relevant android apis + software that makes them easy to talk to . the boards are available commercially , and the schematics are available , if you want to build your own , and they are designed to make hardware interfacing easy .
you can use any launcher ( eg . nova launcher ) . when you add the shortcut to the home screen , press and hold on the shortcut icon , tap Edit . after this , it will open a dialog box to edit the caption along with the icon . tap on the icon and select the required one from your phone .
found the combination to enter the recovery mode . holding the power button and volume up - after 10 seconds the tablet shuts down , after 5 more seconds shows " service menu " . first for half a second there appears a standing android with spinning blue thing in front of him , and after half a second there appears a lying android with open bonnet and a red exclamation mark ( error ) and nothing else on the screen . then you have to hold the power again and press the volume up - the menu appears . cleared the cache and device started normally . that is pretty weird , as i have re-installed the whole system and cleaned the cache with fastloader . but it works now : )
are you sure that this is camera ? it is more likely a light/proximity sensor . . .
you can see the permissions of installed apps . go to Market -&gt; Menu button, My apps -&gt; select an app -&gt; Menu button, Security  there are also apps called permissions watchdog , and permissions , as per al 's comment .
if you add an empty file called . nomedia to a directory the media scanner will ignore it .
the radio firmware controls basic low-level functions like network connectivity , wi-fi , and gps . for several years , though , " radio " means " baseband " , and controls network connectivity aspects only , while wifi and gps are governed by os drivers , like any other devices . usually upgrading your radio will not give you any new features but will fix connectivity issues , increase range or performance , decrease battery usage , or the like . some rom 's require you to have the latest radio versions to work . while a botched radio upgrade can brick your phone , the process is basically the same as upgrading your rom . just make sure not to unplug or power down your phone in the middle , make sure you trust the person who released the radio firmware , and try to read some comments or reviews .
the cacertman application , while it does not support 2.1 as compiled , is trivially modifiable to compile against 2.1 sdk and minimum version can be dropped with no seemingly ill effects . now to get that patch submitted .
you might want to take a look at locus maps : it not only can import kmz files ( i guess the ones you mean keep to the keyhole standard , so they should work ) . you can even have media ( pictures ) embedded within , and use them in offline mode . maps also can be downloaded right from within the app , so you can be prepared for your off-road trip . it also supports a bunch of different map formats ( including vector maps ) , so i would wonder if you were unable to get your mentioned material loaded with locus . besides : excellent support , active forum , and much more . . . definitely worth a look . and no , i am not the developer placing my ad here : )
go to voice . google . com . top right , click on settings -> voice settings . go to " calls " tab . turn call screening to " off "
as long as your phone is rooted , you can use the excellent button remapper app by appelflap as a convenient workaround . what the app will let you do is remap the camera button to work as the power button . after installing the app , find the entry for " ( camera ) " and set its action to " power " and its state to " wake_dropped " . ( wake tells the key to register even when the screen is off ; wake_dropped does the same but drops the key before it is sent to the running application . ) optionally , remap the " ( power ) " button to something innocuous like " home " and set its state to " none " — that way , in case the real power button becomes active in a jammed state , the button input should not mess up anything you are trying to do on the phone . after you are satisfied with your changes , click " apply " to reboot the phone for the changes to take effect . in case you messed up , there will be a notification from button remapper in the status bar , which will let you reset any changes you have made . note that even when using button remapper to remap the hardware buttons , the remapping will not take effect when the phone is off ( or you are booted into recovery mode ) . if your power button does not work , you will still have to use a workaround like plugging your phone into a charger in order to get the phone to power on from a shutdown state . seeing as how the power button design on the motorola droid appears to be partially defective ( i know of at least a handful of droid owners who have had the power button fail ) , on my replacement droid i made the point of remapping the camera button pre-emptively , in an attempt to minimize wear and tear on the power button . it is something to consider .
the su binary works just like it does on linux ; it runs all commands that follow as root until you type exit ( or terminate the process , etc . ) . sudo &lt;command&gt; essentially does : su &lt;command&gt; exit  android does not normally include sudo , so if you wish to launch commands like you would with sudo , the syntax is as follows : su -c "[command_1;command_2;...;command_N]"  for example , to get a list of installed packages in " root " mode , you can either do $ su # pm list packages # ........ &lt;listing of packages scrolls down&gt; ...... # exit  or $ su -c "pm list packages;exit" 
the issue turned out to be with the charging cable . asus quickly swapped it over with a longer cable too .
titanium backup works fine with link2sd . i have been using them together for about six months , with around 100 apps symlinked . there is no reason taking a backup would uninstall linked apps as wolfgang reports , and i have also had zero issues restoring backups of linked apps , so it is clear that titanium follows the symlinks correctly . in fact , i have just finished restoring all my apps from titanium after flashing a rom . the only caveat is that when you restore in titanium , link2sd will not automatically link apps as they are restored , even if you set it up before restoring the rest of your apps . this is annoying , because it means you have to be conscious of your available internal memory and only restore in batches that will fit in your free space , then link the apps and do another batch . other than that , they work very smoothly alongside each other .
can you uninstall the application ? or is it one of those pre-installed apps ? if it is preinstalled , you will have to get root access to remove it completely , see here . however , removing it can potentially cause a brick if you factory reset your phone . edit : it looks like there are no easy ways to disable this app . you have two choices : factory wipe . during setup process , do not enable the backup assistant . do some trickery using this method mentioned in this post ( quoted below ) . it does not require a factory wipe . 1 ) be sure to have all your contacts backed up to your gmail account . check online before proceeding to step 2 . 2 ) log into your my verizon account . go to the contacts tab , sort by list view and select all contacts . delete the entire list . there is a deleted contacts tab as well . select that and delete anything that is in there . 3 ) go into your incredible settings tab , select applications , manage applications . do not sort or filter , allow list to populate . select sync service , ( icon resembles backup assistant icon ) select clear data . 4 ) also in manage applications scroll down to backup assistant , select clear data . this should do it . 5 ) to verify backup assistant is now disabled , select settings , accounts and sync , then under manage accounts , select backup assistant . you should be looking at a license agreement screen .
important : make a backup before trying any of the following steps ! usually the animation video is stored at : /system/media/video/shutdown you can rename this to something else . or delete all the files from there . if it is not there , check /system/customize/resource/ or /data/local/ may be it can be found there . in some cases shutdown animation may be handled by an apk . check under system/app if you have a Shutdown.apk or PowerOff.apk . if yes ( like in lg-p692 ) , you also have PowerOff.odex there . do not touch PowerOff.odex . in this case you can modify the PowerOff.apk . this is how : copy the PowerOff.apkto your pc use 7zip or winrar or any uncompressor software you have , to open the apk . go to res/drawable folders . you might have up to 3-4 of them like : drawable-ldpi , drawable-mdpi , drawable-hdpi , drawable-xdpi ( in case of lg-p692 , only drawable-mdpi will be found ) . there you can see some .png or .jpg files . replace those with any images that you want . if you do not want anything there you can use plain black images . make sure that you put the images with the same resolution that of the original images . replace images in all the drawable folders . after you replace those images , make sure the apk is in the same format as it was earlier , except the images that have been changed . now copy back the PowerOff.apk to your phone where it was . power off your phone . remove your battery . power on . and now test . see how this helps . tested with an lg-p692 .
well , the problem seemed to have gone away on its own after a few more synchronizations , so i guess the solution is to just wait a bit .
the quick settings app puts that at your fingertips and , by default , is launched with a long-press on the search button .
we will reliable is somewhat subjective . but i can recommend app brain ( play store app ) and app aware ( play store app ) . app brain provides some additional features compared to the play store and app aware allows you to follow app streams based on a topic ( games , sw development , etc . ) . both try to suggest you apps based on the apps that you have installed . and both are not a new app market , they just redirect you to the play store if you want to install a app .
my solution was to change the front room wifi to wpa2 to match the backroom 's wifi ( wpa2 ) which i never had a problem with . do not know why this works i cannot believe the sgs2 has less than optimum support for wpa . maybe it was buggy software . . . although i am fully updated and have been since i got the phone . ( september 11 ) i should mention this was not a problem caused by ics or fixed by the firmware upgrade as i had the problem pretty much as soon as i got the phone ( september 11 ) .
resolution easytether light ( no root ) is the best tethering software i have been able to find on the play store ; however , it blocks udp ports and secure protocols . updating to easytether full ( cost : 9.99 usd ) resolved the issues on all of the above-listed sites and services . it was very bothersome to go through all this and e-mail the developer , only to get a kind of boggled response from him . their faq does not mention this , and the message in the app was covered up by the " warning , do not scratch the camera " message i had written on my screen guard , up until yesterday ; so , i simply did not notice . i hope the developer will upgrade the app to include some kind of pop-up message indicating that this is the cause of the issue , or at least add the issue to the faq . thanks for all the comments and wonderful help !
Settings &gt; Accessibility &gt; Enhanced Web Accessibility &gt; Don't Allow .
this only applies if you have root access , as bryan already pointed out in the comments . i would suggest using a utility such as titaniumbackup to completely back-up all your applications and your data . it will be stored on your sd card so that you can transfer its files to another device and restore the backups on there .
if you have a locked bootloader , it is s-on . if you fully unlock the bootloader it is s-off . as eldarerathis notes below there is an intermediate state , where it is unlocked but still s-on , where you can flash recoveries and roms but not radio firmware and so on . if you do not unlock the bootloader , you can not flash unsigned firmware and most often can not alter your rom ( i.e. . , no permanent rooting ) . the locked bootloader generally restores a known good system image on boot if it sees that changes have been made . for some devices there is no known method of unlocking the bootloader ; most of the time you need something official like htc 's unlocker tool .
you can just save the numbers in international form . for example , bob 's would be +1-123-555-1234 and alice 's +52-33-33-12-34-56 .
after searching for a long time and trying a lot , i found a solution : resolution unplug the usb cable on the cell phone , dial the number *#7284# . once the last # is hit , the phoneutil application is launched . choose usb -> modem and then usb -> pda mode . the good mode should be pda . even if the mode is pda , switch to modem and then back to pda . also choose uart -> pda and then uart -> modem mode . the good mode should be modem for uart . even if the mode is modem , switch to pda and then back to modem ( uart ) . plug in the usb cable . note : this is not only for samsung galaxy 3 - android phone , but it is also used to repair the usb connection for any samsung android phone .
simple answer : no . long answer : no , as these app use a native binary installed onto the system to reroute data through the proxy . this is done at kernel level ( actually it is done using the terminal commands , but it is done at kernel level ) , because of this root access is needed . there are 0 apps that allow you to use a proxy without rooting first . android 4 . x natively supports proxies however .
google voice should do what you want if you are in the us . on my phone i can go to Settings -&gt; Call settings -&gt; Voicemail and set it as the " voicemail service " ( you will need the google voice app to do this ) . there might be other apps to hook into this voicemail service setting but i can not find any at the moment .
a true octa-core is basically a processor either with homogenous or heterogeneous multiprocessing architecture . the processor in the galaxy s4 ( exynos 5410 ) for example ( intl . edition ) has 8 cores based on the arm big . little architecture wherein 4 cores are slower with low-power and 4 are faster with relatively higher power consumption . under this scheme two possibilities are there : only homogenous multiprocessing , for example in galaxy s4 . this allows only 4 cores to run at a time out of a total of 8 . the processor can control which 4 run but all 8 cannot be utilized together . heterogeneous multiprocessing , for example in galaxy s5 . this allows all the 8 cores i.e. the low power as well as high power cores to run together effectively increasing the maximum achievable performance of the soc . mediatek 's processor is also based on homogenous multiprocessing but has 8 homogenous cores instead of 4+4 different ones . this allows these cores to operate in coalition with each other without the heterogeneous architecture . as far as fast or slow goes it depends on the flops which the processor can achieve . in this case , mediatek 's processor usually has a slower clock speed than qualcomm 's processor and a different architecture as well . thus it is impossible to make a direct comparison of two processor without either a benchmarking software or a datasheet , but in general qualcomm 's latest top of the line processors are better than mediatek 's and this is despite additional cores . one more reason which exists for this performance parity is that not all applications are built to utilize multiple cores i.e. parallel processing . if you want more information regarding the same , consider reading this wiki article on amdahl 's law .
it seems that the code is specific for samsung devices . therefore , if your device is made by another manufacturer , it does not work ( if the manufacturer has not added it specifically ) .
settings > applications > development > stay awake
google talk and gmail each behave this way . i found this out by asking here actually . so when you drag down the notification bar , gmail and google talk will not appear in the recent apps list . however , you will see them in recent apps if you navigate to them using an application launcher . i am not certain if the same is true for google voice .
yes ! i use google voice for texting . it is great . notifications are reliable , there have been no delays in receiving messages ( or others receiving mine ) , and of course you can access it from your computer as well . super handy , and no sms charge . as for voice calls , i also used to use it for that . the app manages everything nicely for outgoing calls -- you can set it to make every call " from " ( show up as ) your google voice number . and you can set it up to forward all calls to it to your " real " number -- so no one needs to know it except google and you can give everyone your gvoice number . plus , every call to the u.s. and canada only uses your local minutes ( or charges you a local rate if you do not have a plan ) . note : you can not receive texts from services such as facebook that actually email you via [ yournumber ] @ [ yourcarrier ] . com or something similar , you cannot text short codes such as fbook ( 32665 ) , and you can not send mms messages ( but that is what email 's for amirite ? ) .
new app location alert will do this . never forget another task with location alert - now available completely free ! location alert is a cutting-edge application that reminds you to perform tasks based upon your current location , rather than time . often there are tasks to which you cannot specify a certain time , however , would like to be reminded when in a certain vicinity . for instance , you don’t know when exactly you will leave work this evening , but whenever you do , and are crossing the grocery store on your way home , you want to be reminded to pick up milk . location alert to the rescue ! do not know what time you will be crossing the science department , but need to remember to drop off that assignment whenever you do ? do not know what time you will reach office but must remember to hand in that check to accounting ? need a reminder to pick up the dvd you left at sam 's house whenever you are in the vicinity next time ? . . .
i guess this is by design as the majority of users do not have 4 accounts on their phone . the whole idea of those messages is to give the user the opportunity to download a new version as soon as it comes out . you may not want to use your mobile data when you do not want it to . maybe the update automatically tickbox would bypass this message , however it will probably still say that 3 updates have been applied . so what you maybe looking for is silent updates stackexchange-url looks like you can do it with a rooted phone . i too think that google can handle multiple accounts in a more intuitive ways across their products . since its out of our control to improve these closed source apps ourselves i will say its better than it used to be . i think the best solution for google would be to combine these messages into one notification ie "5 apps have been updated " . make some noise on the google support pages to improve this ux , this may be a good start http://www.google.com/support/forum/p/google+mobile/label?lid=551c5c4cca827a18hl=en
i9000 does not have an official rom , so i am assuming you are using a custom rom like cm10 . stock players from touchwiz are rarely availble , and for the most part do not work flawlessly on aosp based roms . try winamp and mplayer as alternatives , they work on any roms so you can move freely between roms too .
i found the answer here - it is a matter of adding qemu.hw.mainkeys=1  to /system/build.prop ( root required ) .
i have solved my own problem . those search paths are all messed up ! i checked the installation path and it is installed in c:\program files ( x86 ) \android even thou i do have a 64-bit version of windows . but nevertheless , this is the default installation location . so i updated the path variable with following line . C:\Program Files (x86)\Android\android-sdk\tools\;C:\Program Files (x86)\Android\android-sdk\platform-tools\ and now i can start adb server from cmd regardless of where the prompt is at . i have no clue why they are referring to appdata\local\ folder in the guide for the 64-bit systems . that makes no sense at all . if anywhere , the installation location should be in " program files " folder for a 64-bit system . they actually put this in for the 32-bit systems . . . like i said , it is all messed up . i should point out that adb.exe has been moved from C:\Program Files (x86)\Android\android-sdk\tools\ to the new location C:\Program Files (x86)\Android\android-sdk\platform-tools\ . this has been done in later versions of android sdk . so if you are reading this in year 2013 then you can probably just get the latest sdk and use only this last search path . you do not need them both . at least not for adb and fastboot . if you are a developer then you maybe need to access tools from both directories , although if you are a dev then you probably will not need to read this at all . how to edit a system variable here 's a short how-to for the newbies . what you need is the environment variables dialog . click start ( orb ) menu button . right click on computer icon . click on properties . this will bring up system window in control panel . click on advanced system settings on the left . this will bring up the system properties window with advanced tab selected . click on environment variables button on the bottom of the dialog . this brings up the environment variables dialog . in the system variables section , scroll down till you see path . click on path to select it , then the edit button . this will bring up the edit system variable dialog . while the variable value field is selected , press the end key on your keyboard to go to the right end of the line , or use the arrow keys to move the marker to the end . type in ;C:\Program Files (x86)\Android\android-sdk\tools\;C:\Program Files (x86)\Android\android-sdk\platform-tools\ and click ok . click ok again , then ok once more to save and exit out of the dialogs . that is it ! you can now start any android sdk tool , e.g. adb or fastboot , regardless of what your current directory is in cmd . for good measure here 's what the dialog looks like . this is where you edit the path variable .
i think adw launcher has a setting that should keep the application in memory . also , cm has a setting to force the os to keep the launcher in memory . i dont remember where it is at in cm6 , but in cm7 it is in Settings -> CyanogenMod Settings -> Performance and it is called " lock home in memory " . i do not remember if it was in the same place or if it was called the same in cm6 .
the closest solution i have found for mac os x is to install android file transfer ( http://www.android.com/filetransfer/ ) on the computer . with this , i am able to access files on the internal storage and the sd card directly within an android file transfer window , and perform basic file management operations like copying and deleting . this app also supports some keyboard shortcuts as well as drag-and-drop to and from finder . it is not as convenient as finder itself but it is the closest available substitute i have found for this device .
the correct build was here . it is listed in incremental updates 2.3.6 - 4.0.3 .
depends on what you are talking about pop up ads . if you are talking about the full screen ad , often for another game , that pop up when you go to the main menu for example , then no , i do not get any ad since i have purchased the double coin bonus . if you are talking about the push notifications that warn you about daily challenge and new events , purchasing something does not remove it , but you can turn them off in the settings ( Reminders ) .
i do not know of any third-party app or site that does this . i did look around a few months ago and found nothing , but something might have come up since then . however , if the reason you are looking for this feature is because of limited app space , appbrain ( both the app and the website ) has a feature to view only apps with app2sd enabled .
i have not tested this specific case myself . the answer might depend on what you might want to do with the mic-only and speaker-only bluetooth device . how multiple bluetooth devices work with a single android phone : the android phone provide you with two types to bluetooth profiles to connect to - phone and media . long press on the device listing in the ' bluetooth settings ' , click on options and you can select which profile your bluetooth device should connect to . the mono hands-free bluetooth headsets can connect to just the phone audio . the mono headset 's options in android will not even list the ' media ' profile . the stereo bluetooth headsets can connect to both phone and media profiles . you will find both ' phone ' and ' media ' options for stereo headsets . an android phone can be actively connected at a time to maximum of 2 devices . one device ( device1 ) will be connected to the ' phone ' and the other ( device2 ) will be connected to the ' media ' . all your phone calls will be routed to device1 and all your music will be routed to device2 . but 2 devices cannot be connected to the same profile at the same time . i have tested this with my 2 stereo bluetooth headsets . your request : connect a mic-only and a speaker-only device to the phone at the same time . what will not work : if you want to use it in a phone call so that you can speak through the mic-only device and hear through the speaker-only device , it will not work . only one device can be connected to the ' phone ' audio at any point of time . for both devices to work together in a phone call they should both be using a phone audio which is not possible . what might work : a mic-only device to ' phone ' audio and a stereo bluetooth headphone to the ' media ' audio might be possible , since both these devices would be connected to 2 different profiles . caveat : i do not know if a mic-only device can be connected to an android device , in the first place . since devices can either connect to the ' phone ' profile or ' media ' profile and both require speaker output at the other end , i am not sure how it would work . i am specifically curious about how a phone call would work when a mic-only device is connected to the phone profile . may be android would receive audio input from the bluetooth mic and send the audio output to the phone 's speaker . maybe android will show a different profile for the mic-only bluetooth device . the problem is in android i do not see a place where one can choose ' audio input ' and ' audio output ' devices like we do in a desktop os . mic-only bluetooth devices are used with cameras as shown in this video . i do not know how they would connect and work with android devices .
currently and sadly , there is no such option to allow the action of auto-answer an incoming skype call . you can keep an eye out on this threads , maybe in a nearby feature such solution will arrive : skype support network : auto answer incoming call on android os xda developers forum thread : [ rq ] skype auto answer xda developers forum thread : [ q ] skype auto answer additionally , 3rd party solutions are not possible to this end , since skype uses a proprietary protocol with no available api as explained on this stackoverflow answer .
the device may have to be unlocked first . rooting will not unlock the device . you will also need information from the network you want to run the device on . like if the device is supported on their network , if they are able to active the device ( they will be able to tell you if they support it if you give them the esn/meid ) and what their mobile carrier code is ( sid/nid/mcc ) . i did find this info that may help once it is unlocked : from here , i will walk you through programming the tablet for ota activation with that carrier . if its the verizon galaxy tab , to get to the programming menu go to the notepad and type **772 to get to the manual programming . the spc code will always be 000000 from here touch down 3 times clear out the directory number with 10 0 's then hit down then clear out the msin with 10 0 's from here touch down here you will change the system id to what is necessary for that carrier . then you will hit left or right and then enter then hit down 4 times and you should see mcc , put the mcc number here then hit down 4 times , and the home sid should match the one you input , then you will change the nid for that carrier as well then you will hit down 64 times , and make sure cdma homesys reg is yes then hit down 6 times to where it says slot cycle index , change this to 1 by hitting touch here and clear it and hit 1 then exit service
from a google search for " mms creation mode " i found this ( among others ) which says : • mms creation mode — select restricted to have your device prevent you from including content in multimedia messages that may not be supported by the network or the receiving device . to receive warnings about including such content , select guided . to create a multimedia message with no restrictions on attachment type , select free . if you select restricted , creating multimedia presentations is not possible .
funnily enough , as i just noted here i believe that the app is just buggy and unreliable . there is no reason for the individual device to determine whether the application can do something like push notifications . android 's cloud to device messaging requires 2.2 or higher , and the facebook post notes that that is what they require as well , so i assume that is what they are using . c2dm works perfectly fine for other apps so the only reasonable explanation is that the facebook app does not work properly . the app was updated recently and does work better for many users , though , so make sure you have the latest version . there are no settings related to push messages in the app or in the accounts and sync settings . regular sync is every 3 hours at most , which seems infrequent to me &mdash ; my blackberry allows updates every half hour .
android uses a so-called media scanner to index your media files ( this also applies to your images and videos ) . this media scanner ships with the system , and fires automatically on certain system events -- such as after boot , or when you insert your sd-card . it does , however , not react on a simple " file-drop " via network . for such cases , it might need a little help to get to know it has to act : rescan media rescan sd card ! are two free example apps from the playstore which do exactly that : trigger the media scanner . once the media scanner has indexed your new files , they will immediately show up in the corresponding apps such as the gallery ( for images/videos ) or your music player .
the stock email application and many other i have tested present a list of 25 emails per page . the user can however load older emails on demand . this is done due to two main reasons : to prevent large transfers of data that end up using the device communication thus leading to a faster battery drain ; to preserve memory consumption that in turn would leave your device slow and inefficient . i have not found any option on all the applications i have tested that allows the user to define how much emails should be presented each time . i did find that the gmail app auto-loads a new emails list when we reach the scroll limit , thus kinda facilitating the users trouble , but even with this scenario , the user needs to scroll all the way down to get the new list , and yet again , the gmail app like the others , does not have a setting to define the number of emails to be loaded each time . essentially , this is a status-by-design conception used by android and app developers . you may come across with an app that allows you to go around this issue , unlikely it may be , but for the stock app , the reason as to why it loads only 25 emails at a time are the ones explained that sum up as performance issues .
you should be able to use the latest cwm or twrp custom recovery with your device . source : install android 4.4 kitkat on galaxy tab 2 7.0 using cm11 custom build update #1: xda has a thread for custom recoveries for the p3110 . it says that only cwm supports kitkat for that tablet .
sms is tied in with gsm telephony standard , so the answer to your question is no . but what you can do , is use viber , whatsapp to send something similar to sms ( not the gsm variety ! ) to each party provided they have the appropriate app installed .
you can try to reboot / remove battery . maybe resetting to factory settings will help . in addition , if everything else fails , you could try following ( read somewhere about it ) : turn it off and then back on ( the one asking you about using wifi to localize you faster ) the bluetooth and wifi are both 802.11 standards , therefore they are controlled by the same chip
here 's how to get a system dump from android : prepare your pc ensure that your computer has the most recent version of the java development kit installed . if it does not , download and install the most recent jdk from oracle 's java se downloads page . navigate to the download the android sdk page on the android developers website in a web browser and download the installer package to your computer . double-click the downloaded file and follow the installation prompts . navigate in windows explorer to the location where you installed the sdk . by default , this is c:\program files\android\android-sdk . double-click the sdk manager to launch it . in the left pane file tree , check the box next to " android sdk platform-tools . " click " install packages . " a confirmation window appears . click the radio button next to " accept all . " click " install . " a progress bar appears . prepare your phone press your phone 's menu button from the home screen . tap " settings . " the settings menu appears . tap " applications . " in the application settings menu , tap " development . " check the box next to " usb debugging " in the development menu . get a system dump press " r " and the windows key simultaneously on your pc keyboard to bring up the run box . type " cmd . " type the following into the command window : cd C:\Program Files\Android\android-sdk\platform-tools type " adb . exe shell . " type su dd if=/dev/block/stl6 of=/sdcard/factoryfs.rfs at the abd shell prompt . replace "/sdcard/factoryfs . rfs " with the location to copy the file to if you do not want it on the phone 's sd card . reproduced in full from this site
try the olimex olinuxino a10s - https://www.olimex.com/products/olinuxino/a10s/
well , i think you are talking about the google now notification , right ? if so , you have to change the option on the google now app , not on the calendar app . to do so , you go to Google Now ( tap the search bar on the top of your home page ) then you will see the card that estimates your arrival time to your destination , you can see like three vertical dots , tap there and hit Settings , now you set Transportation Mode to Public Transit . from now on , the card will notify automatically the time you need to arrive by public transportation .
the method " debugfs automated root " works for the latest official rom of the thinkpad tablet . like most other root methods , you need to have the android sdk ( or at least adb ) installed and must be able to connect adb to your lenovo thinkpad ( enable debug mode ) . linux users download the exploit from the xda post . unzip DebugfsRoot_Generic_v2.3.zip adb push debugfs /data/local/ adb push su /data/local/ adb push debugfsinput /data/local/ adb shell mv /data/local/tmp /data/local/tmp.bak adb shell ln -s /dev/block/mmcblk0p3 /data/local/tmp adb reboot adb shell chmod 777 /data/local/debugfs now run the exploit : adb shell "/data/local/debugfs -w /dev/block/mmcblk0p3 &lt; /data/local/debugfsinput" cleanup : adb shell rm /data/local/tmp &amp;&amp; adb shell mv /data/local/tmp.bak /data/local/tmp install superuser : adb install Superuser.apk windows just run the provided RootDebugfs.bat
found a few options . the easiest seems to be : quicksettings ( free , works on an unrooted droid , including optimus v , reviewed here . ) . it did reveal the wifi hotspot setting so i could turn it on , but it did not work . after more investigation this seems to be a limitation of virgin mobile ( not allowing tethering ) . k
while trying to explain where to find that "4th tab " , i just see where your problem is : you use the %wifi variable to check for a ) on/off and b ) the connection mode . either it is on/off , or it holds connection info . the first is %wifi , the other %wifii : wifi info %wifii when connected to an access point ( ap ) , shows human-readable data about the ap . when not connected , show details of the most recent wifi scan results for nearby aps . wifi status ( dynamic ) %wifi whether wifi is on or off . note : if wifi is enabling or disabled , in fact anything but enabled , it is classed as off . source : tasker userguide now back to the original explanation about that "4th tab": you see some tabs in both pictures . in the first , " profiles " is selected , in the second " tasks " . in both pictures you see another tab " scenes " . right to that is one more , " variables": but regardless of that : for debugging , you can always to add another item to your task , " notify " , and have it either popup the %wifi ( or whatever variables ) content or add it to your notification bar . this is good for debugging .
when you first used the android market , you are presented with android market 's term of service . one of the clauses is this : 2.4 from time to time , google may discover a product on the market that violates the android market developer distribution agreement or other legal agreements , laws , regulations or policies . you agree that in such an instance google retains the right to remotely remove those applications from your device at its sole discretion and without notice to you . so , if you want to block google from using their remote uninstall , you cannot use android market . however , note that their term of service only allows them to uninstall applications that " violates the android market developer distribution agreement " , this implies that google can only uninstall applications that are installed from market ( since an application that was not distributed from the market never accepted to be bound by the amdda , and therefore cannot " violate " the amdda ) . if you sideload your application , google cannot touch your application . if your company want to use android market but you do not want to allow google to use their remote uninstall on your company 's devices , i suggest you contact google to make a special tos agreement .
press the menu key on the remote , and then select " edit home screen icons " or something to that extent ( wording could be different , i am going by my sony google tv unit . ) now highlight ( using the arrow keys ) and click on the empty box on the home bar vacated by the app you have just removed , and a pop-up should appear with all installed apps and bookmarks listed . selecting any of them will place it on the home bar .
well , i did not find a way to hide it ; but switched to using widgetlocker for my lock screen and just disabled cm 's .
you can use adb for this : adb backup -noapk -noshared -f gmail.ab com.google.android.gm  would backup all data of the gmail app to your pc , storing it in a file named gmail.ab in the current working directory . a restore of that snapshot then is as easy as running adb restore gmail.ab  note that this will include all the settings of the gmail app . if you prefer doing the same via an app on your device , take a look at helium backup . without root , it is not possible to access the corresponding folder on your device directly ( which would be found below /data/data/com.google.android.gm and be owned by the gmail app , which forbids access for other apps/users , including the shell user ) .
see the faq , particularly the billing section . you will not get charged for turning on data roaming and connecting to an orange network , but you need to remember to turn it back off before roaming on any other networks to avoid charges . also , the faq mentions that it is only for calls and text messages right now , but it is not clear why they would also mention the data roaming setting if that is the case , so ymmv . regardless , you will likely be limited to 2g since 3g is typically on a carrier specific frequency . and of course , all of this may change if at and t completes their acquisition .
in my phone ( moto g running 4.4.4 ) this symbol appears when the phone is set to use " high accuracy mode " ( i.e. . use the gps rather than wi-fi/phone network for location ) and some app requests the location .
this is a standard ' feature ' of ics . aside from the notification , changing input methods can be accomplished through the " language and input " section of the phone menu . if you disable and uninstall all keyboards except for one , so there is nothing else to switch to , the notification may disappear .
according to this xda post bluetooth usb dongle support is native starting from android 4.2.2 . so if you are running 4.0 as the tag suggests , it does not work . you will have to update the tablet . also , you will have to confirm that the usb port supports full host mode with usb host diagnostics .
without root it is up to the developer of the particular application , and chances are there are not enough note 3s out there to justify it . there is an s-pen sdk from samsung there are lists ( but these will often be out of date in no time ) like this best s-pen apps out there . with root access there is a way to open any app in pen window mode first , make sure you are rooted with busybox installed . second , make a backup . third , just download penwindowmanager_v1 . apk and install as normal . finally , just tick the apps you want and do not forget to press the save button . a soft reboot maybe required for the changes to take effect .
while i understand google might not like this , and probably it is not 100% politically correct answer , here is the link where you can download apk of google music . http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1072655 if you enable installation from unknown sources , you can install the thing on your phone , without restrictions . i tried and it worked . i was able to access my music uploaded to google and even play it . that means the restrictions are only settings in android market , everything else seems to be free of restrictions .
look in /system/media/audio/ringtones . the notifications folder one level up contains the notification tones .
according to the mozilla firefox release notes , they have completely removed the " send tab to remote device " feature . you can use pushbullet . it is an android app that helps you to view android notifications on the pc . and you can also push files , pages , urls from the android app to the pc . todo : 1 . install the pushbullet app on your phone . 2 . install the pushbullet extension in your browser ( supports chrome and firefox ) .
i finally succeeded ! ! ( youhou ! ! you can not believe how proud i am ! ) first of all , i want to indicate that links on xda ( those that goes in multiupload.com, that redirect to lnx . lu ) , sucks ! i can not believe it . you have to download a " download manager " , with so many related ads and apps you must install . it is a shame . ( i am very angry agains't them ( lnx . lu ) for wasting my time just because they are greedy ) . now , the real answer ! you need to downgrade your hboot version before running the ruu rom , for that , it is quite easy : first , you choose your rom on that page , and notice the rom version then , you go here ( if the link is down , you can download the source code here ! ) and define the cid and the rom version . for the cid , if you do not know it , just set to 11111111 or htc__022 . if you want to try something more precise , you can try the one related to your carrier from this link . keep the download file to a specific directory ( for this case , it will be /tmp/mtd0.img ) . now you need the flash_image tool , if you can not find one , here 's a link . download it to /tmp/flash_image now some command line . for that , you will need the android sdk and a correct usb driver ( adb should return a device when connected , with debug on ) . do these commands : once the phone is on ruu mode ( showing a grey htc logo ) , run the . exe rom you downloaded previously , wait for it to finish , and voilà ! you are done ! : ) here 's the doc i followed for the commands .
this ( at least the ussd messages ) are operator related , and can only be disabled by your operator .
doubletwist with airsync will do this , as long as they are connected to the same wifi network and looking at the same location . for bulk file transfers , most file explorers ( like es file explorer ) allow you to browse devices from other devices on the same network .
go to settings > Apps > click on the app that is being used as your default messaging medium ( google voice in your case ) > press Clear defaults .
your hypothesis is correct . it is like transferring files over ftp : the receiving computer needs to run a server that understands the right protocol . to receive files you probably want a server that understands the object exchange protocol ( obex ) or object push protocol ( opp ) . our sister site ask ubuntu has an answer about receiving files , which may help you out . if you need any further help setting up your ubuntu laptop , they will be able to help if you ask a question there .
as eldarerathis already pointed out in his comment on your question : if the app is already installed , and the certificate matches , you will be prompted whether you want to replace it . if the certificates differ , there is a conflict : the app cannot be updated due to the mismatch , and it cannot be installed along as the package name is already in use ( apps use an internal package name , which e.g. is shown in the url on its google play store webpage ) . if the package is corrupted , you again get another specific error ( telling you it is corrupted ) . so most probably , the .apk you try to install manually has been tampered with . if it was not you doing so , i would refrain from using it . if it was you , and you know what you are doing -- or you know the source to be trustworthy ( e . g . the developer of the app provided you with an unsigned testing version ) , you have to first uninstall the original app before installing the " tainted " .apk .
most common errors ( and solutions to them ) are : different file name : make sure the file is really named recovery-clockwork.img , in your example , or adjust your command according to the file name wrong path , e.g. your file resides in C:\Downloads , but you are executing fastboot flash recovery recovery-clockwork.img from C:\: either first change to the directory the .img file is located in , move the .img to where you want to execute your command , or try specifying the file with its full path ( e . g . C:\Downloads\recovery-clockwork.img ) sometimes adb/fastboot behaves strangely when executed from " somewhere else " . in those cases it helps to first changing to the directory where the resp . executable is located , and run your command from there .
normally , the mediascanner should pick them up from any place , add them to the library , and your player should find them . that works smoothly and immediately if you use the means the designers had in mind ( connect your device via mtp , transfer the files , disconnect – the mediascanner will start immediately ) . but as you use a different way ( we are bad doing so – i am doing it as well ; ) , mediascanner is not triggered immediately . so you either have to wait until it decides to run – or trigger it manually : it runs on every device boot , so a reboot triggers it it runs whenever the sdcard is mounted . so if your device has an external sdcard , going to settings → storage , and un-mounting plus re-mounting the card will trigger it as both above solutions are not really satisfying : there are several apps on play which let you trigger it manually , by just tapping their shortcut . one candidate still working with kitkat is sd scanner . see also my answers here and here . alternatively , you could try a music player that does not rely on the mediascanner . one example for those would be the gonemad music player : here you can define yourself which directories you want scanned , and can trigger a scan yourself from inside the app whenever needed . those rescans are blazingly fast , as they only scan directories you have defined – instead of checking everywhere on the device .
according to the official design guide , notification icons are supposed to be white only . some apps do break the rules , so perhaps it is just that you had an app that used to have colourful icons but was updated to bring it into line with the rules .
this is entirely up to you , and your personal preference . there is one thing i would suggest though : do not use rom manager ! it has a nasty history of damaged devices . i would suggest that you go with either cwm or twrp , if it is available for your device . i would suggest you flash it using fastboot , if it is available on your device . if it is not , then you should see forums such as xda-developers for info on how to flash recovery images .
after months trying , i solved flashing the defyplus_u3_4.5.1-134_dfp-2311_blur_sign_usadefyemarab1b8tfde004.0r_pds03c_usajrdngibro2de_p020_a025_m002_service1ff . sbf
as t0mm13b already suggested , tasker can do that easily : condition : [ location ] task : keyguard disable/enable for location , you can use different sources : gps ( most power-hungry variant , as it requires a permanent gps scan -- but most accurate ) network based ( less power-hungry , but still requires at least wifi -- but less accurate ) cell based ( least power-hungry , not to say : using almost no additional power , as the mobile cells are either used for telephony and mobile data -- but also least accurate ) you can even combine them : having e.g. cell-based combined with gps would only start gps scanning when the cells already match . the trickier part will be the " require once " element , which will be doable with a more complex tasker profile . if this is relevant to you , i will update my answer to include some hints on this . other ( and easier to learn ) solutions might be available as well , but i am not sure whether they can control keyguard . so you might want to take a look at llama - location profiles , which can at least handle the " location-based " part quite well . and of course you can check the " other users also liked " section for these apps on the playstore .
files in /sys/ are part of sysfs which is a special virtual filesystem to dialog with the linux kernel . you can for example have a fast introduction here . therefore you cannot treat sysfs files as normal files as it may lead to strange behaviour depending on how the program treats them ( same for device files , usually in /dev , or files in procfs in /proc ) . usually to tweak that files you just write in them with an echo , such as echo 255 &gt; /sys/class/leds/mmc1::/max_brightness 
that is not an airpush ad . also , these kind of ads are forbidden by the google playstore tos . always pointing to the same app suggests another app from the same developer placing it , not an ad module . i would first check which apps are running when this happens ( settings→apps , select the corresponding tab ) . see if there are " non-essential " apps listed which you can live without . note them down . second , check permissions of the apps installed . there are some permission checker apps available which make things easier for you . fot this specific case , permission explorer seems to be a good candidate : permission explorer : list of permissions , apps using a certain permission ( source : google play ; click images for larger variants ) as the screenshots show , this app allows you to browse your installed apps by permission . your screenshot looks like a system alert window , so the offending app most likely has the system_alert_window permission . check for apps having this permission . note them down . in a third step , compare your notes : apps that were running when the message appeared , apps using the SYSTEM_ALERT_WINDOW permission . if you find a match , you most likely found your offender . uninstall it , and see whether your issue is gone then . if this has solved your issue , do not forget the following to help others : check if that app is still on google play , and if the version there matches the version you have installed . if so , first report that app to google , as it violates the tos , and put a comment warning others . google should react by removing the app from the store .
i installed it simply by going to the market and updating to the new version . i know i have it installed correctly as it popped up a " what is new " dialog on first run . i have a htc magic 32a with cm6 .
use adb to push them to /system/lib/modules , then reboot . android should load them at boot as long as they are in that directory , i believe . shell&gt; adb push module.ko /system/lib/modules/ shell&gt; adb reboot  if you get a " read-only filesystem " error then remount /system as read/write first , then push them . usually you can do this with adb remount . you could probably also put them onto an sd card and then use a file manager to copy them over if you want . you can also use insmod to manually load a module into the kernel at runtime , but it would not be reloaded if you reboot . this would allow you to skip the initial reboot , though , since you should be able to insmod all of the modules after you push them onto the device .
in general , anything that works regardless of which app you have in the foreground will work regardless of which launcher you have installed . that includes eye scrolling , air gestures , smart stay , smart orientation change ( i forget the marketing name for it ) , and so on . changing to a different launcher will only replace the home screen and the " all apps " menu . note that the old launcher is still installed : the first time you go to the home screen , you get a chooser to pick which one to use , the same way as if you have more than one web browser and click on a link .
yeah definitely it works fine without any issue . but if you have installed any apps on sd card then they will not work at all . but to take backup of any data ( contacts , messages , call log ) on your phone you should have sd card inserted . finally to answer your question , yes . it works fine as the os and related information stored on the phone internal memory .
in the skype app , press menu -> sign out , or use the sign-out button on the top-right corner of the app 's home screen , then confirm .
a computer usb port is limited to 500 milliamperes ( or 900 ma for a usb 3.0 port ) . the dedicated wall charger , on the other hand , is usually able to provide 1000 ma or more . let 's take the case where a connected phone uses 200 ma . then , the usb port would have 300 ma left to charge the battery while the wall usb charger would have 800 ma left . a typical smart phone battery has a capacity of about 1500 mah ( milliamperes-hour ) nowadays . this means that in a perfectly efficient world , a current of 1500 ma would charge the battery in 1 hour . so the same battery would then charge in 5 hours over the usb 2.0 port and in about 1h50 with the wall charger . of course in reality power losses would also affect charging times but these numbers are quite close to what i get with my actual phone .
i am not sure about facebook events here because i have very few events ever listed in my facebook calendar . but if you sync your phone with facebook ( settings > accounts and sync ) and have it sync live feeds , it should display calendar items in your calendar . i know i have birthdays in my calendar that show up and that is how i have facebook sync setup . if you are setup the same way , try removing facebook sync , clear cache and data from the app ( settings > applications > manage application > all , then find facebook and click on it . there should be an option to clear cache and data . reboot . then recreate the account and sync . not sure if this will help but usually solves most issues . . .
the last three are gps receiver , data sync and screen brightness . as seen here . and it looks like the extended controls app gives you even more control ( android police article ) and here it is on appbrain .
in general , apps these days are built to put as much as possible on the sd card in order to save internal space . some apps require being on the internal card for programming reasons , however . generally speaking you can let them manage themselves . otherwise you should keep all your own media , etc on your sd card so as to keep the internal one free for things like system caches , etc .
i will answer my own question - i do not think there is such an email client yet that provides the facility to choose which internet connection ( s ) is/are used with each account . thanks for the droidwall mention @foleyisgood , but i would prefer not to have to root my device for risks of malware , also because i use some backing apps which will not run on rooted devices .
i have an answer for you . cyanogenmod should implement a simple solution ! the fix can be found on the final post of this page : http://forum.cyanogenmod.com/topic/87482-critical-flaw-in-whisperpush/ you will need android studio installed on your pc to use " adb " in terminal/command-line . these are the steps that are suggested on that site : you could try to unregister manually : the http response code should be 204 . source : http://forum.cyanogenmod.com/topic/87169-disabling-whisperpush/#entry448596
i ended up deleting my account and registering it again , and it worked , but this is a workaround . as pointed out by other people , the native mail app is buggy , so i started evaluating touchdown .
this is the expected behavior . queue is the " currently playing playlist " you have playlist a with song 1,2,3 and 4 . if you start listening to playlist a , the currently playing playlist will consist of song 1,2,3,4 . if you see song 1337 , then " add to queue " while listening to song 2 , the currently playing playlist will consist of song 2,1337,3,4 . if the next day , you start playlist a from the beginning , it will still only hold song 1,2,3,4 .
from the home screen , click the " all apps " button , then there is an app called downloads . by default , downloads are sorted most-recent-first , so the one you have just downloaded will be at the top . if even that method is one step too many , you can long-tap on the downloads icon in the apps menu , then drop it on the home screen to create a shortcut to that app . now you can open it from the home screen directly . additionally , if the wrong app opens a certain kind of file , you can stop that and go back to having a chooser to pick which app to open files with . open the settings app , then go to apps ( on some phones it is called applications manager ) . choose the offending app from the list : if it is a built-in app , you will need to swipe to to the all page . scroll down and click clear defaults . next time you open a file that would open with that app , you will get the chooser instead ( assuming you have another app installed that can open that kind of file ) .
you might want to consider another option here , if you want to use this for keepass password database . this will not work for other sensitive material , but since you asked specifically for keepass , here 's what i do : protect the database with the password ( i assume you have , already ) , and a key . this will give you a two-factor authentication ( "something you know " -- your password , and " something you have " -- your key ) . the password database can only be unlocked when both pieces are in place . copy the key to the local storage of all your devices , and give it some inconspicuous name . preferably put it in a crowded directory where it would seem like some configuration file or some random noise file created by a program . upload your database to a third-party storage service ( i use dropbox , but other options would work just as well ) . it goes without saying that the service should have an android client if you want to use it on your device . do not upload your key there -- use another method to copy it to the devices you need . dropbox in particular keeps a copy of the files you upload and then delete at least for a week for backup purposes ( quite convenient , i must admit ) , but if your key is on the server already , it is not more secure than a normal password-protected database . configure your keepass clients not to remember the location of the key ( remembering the location of the database is fine ) . in this way , you can upload your database to a random website , and even if your password gets compromised for some reason ( i.e. . keyboard loggers ) , you can only use the database from devices that have the key and now which file is actually the key . for convenience , you might want to have key-only authentication on a mobile device ( secure passwords are tedious to type on a mobile device , and you obviously do not want to use anything short and easy here ) . but i would recommend against this , as in this case the security is even lower than a password-protected database -- instead of a password you have in your head , you use a " password " ( the key file ) that is on your device . keepass does not give any hints whether it requires key , password or both -- which works to your advantage .
first of all , try to download and install the sdk on a machine which is comparable to the target machine . in this case , install the sdk on a machine with windows 7 , and not with xp ( also , because xp is risky due to end of life ) then copy the android-sdk-folder to your target machine . then you should siply be able to launch it with a double-click on the sdk-manager . however , if this does not work , try to execute the sdk-manager as " administrator " also , if this fails , try to connect the windows 7 computer to the internet and then download it properly as described here : https://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html if this is also impossible , try to give aditional information ( where do you have the sdk from ? is it the latest version ? where did you put it on the target machine ? etc . )
i think the one on the right is the icon that shows you have an alarm on ( always shows when you have an alarm ) . the one on the left is a notification and should disappear if you dismiss the notification .
it turns out that the issue was that location reporting was enabled . disabling this misfeature increased my battery life almost three-fold , stopped the notification popups ( which i have since learned are called toasts ) , and now the spooks will have only a slightly harder time to find out where i have been .
your charger is fine . only your phone is running hot due to heavy usage . your phone has a few components that dissipate heat if heavily used : the processor when used heavily by an app ( yours has 2 cores ) the graphics chip when your app uses opengl ( also for screen composition ) the display when lit ( depending on the brightness ) the battery itself ( when charged or discharged heavily ) the modem also needs rather much power for 3g/4g/lte data transfers if this all above leads to a high battery temperature a safety mechanism kicks in for security reasons ( liion battery technology needs this supervision , you may have heard of burning or exploding consumer tech ) reasons : it is mostly a mix of all things above . maybe it is also a bad programmed app ( requires too much computation , keeps cpu awake , etc . ) . what you can do : lower screen brightness underclock your cpu via setcpu is force gpu rendering in the developer settings enabled ? if so , disable . try another app or file a bug report for waze ( maybe ) does the app work also when the screen is off ( i am not sure what it does , maybe it has speech output that does not require you to look at the screen ) maybe it is due to your model ( i heard the i9100g generates more heat ) switch to 2g only in the mobile networks settings : settings-> wireless and networks-> more-> mobile networks-> use only 2g networks ( saves battery )
there are two applications that come preloaded on the device which can do this for you , " fit " and " heart rate " . you can start these apps by saying " ok google " or tapping the screen to bring up search , followed by the command " start fit " or " start heart rate " which launch the corresponding app . heart rate 's sole purpose is to show this information , so the button to start monitoring will be available immediately . fit also tracks other fitness data , such as steps you have traveled , so you will need to swipe to the left once to get to the heart rate section and expose the button which will start the reading . both of these apps will request that you stay still for 10-15 seconds as a reading is taken , and it is important to note that they only measure your heart rate when you ask for it , there is not a passive reading being taken . as a shortcut , you can just tell google to " show me my heart rate " to skip the " start fit " or " start heart rate " commands as well as the button press to start the reading . this will automatically launch the default heart rate measuring app and start taking a reading . you can configure which app does this by default by using the android wear app on your connected device .
while all networks you have connected to in the past are stored in a file called /data/misc/wifi/wpa_supplicant.conf , networks " just seen " around ( but never connected to ) are imho not stored to any file , but just " cached " in memory . so a simple trick to get rid of them is to enter airplane-mode for a couple of seconds ( or a minute if seconds are not enough ) . with wifi being disabled , the system should see no reason to " stick " to that " cached " information , and thus " forget " the unknown networks . as soon as you return from airplane mode , it would need to " rebuild " its cache again – but those " stickies " should be gone for good ( until next time , maybe , but then simply repeat the action ) .
some are drm protected , others are not . one way i am aware of to find out the ones that are drm , is when you try to download the file for offline reading : if the extension is .acsm then its a drm protected book . if the extension ends in .epub or .pdf then its not drm . protected . related reading : file types for reading on your device drm options for downloads of books on google play related to exporting the ebook to a certain format or have it restricted to be read on google play , the above first link answers your doubt , where they stat that you can read or download to read your ebook on other devices or applications .
the search bar is a built-in part of the default launcher and can not be moved or disabled . the least invasive way to get rid of it is to install a new launcher of your choice and use that instead of the default one . the old launcher is still installed , and will come back when you uninstall the new one , so the question is just whether you ought to install software on this device you have borrowed .
once a media file is downloaded from the whatsapp server it is indeed deleted the from the server . see this article : http://www.whatsapp.com/faq/general/28030002 the daily backups that other users are referring to only restore text and metadata content of messages . the media content ( eg : images and videos ) are stored on your device in a folder on the sdcard ( typically in a location such as : /sdcard/whatsapp/media/ ) and is not part of the daily backup and so must be retained in order for whatsapp to be able to find it . their are methods to restore files from flash media once deleted but this requires you to act quickly . i will not talk about this here since this is not your question .
to expand on @rossc 's comment , doing this yourself is quite easy if you are confident and comfortable with device disassembly , and have the correct tools . there are tutorials on how to safely and correctly replace this : ifixit : https://www.ifixit.com/guide/motorola+moto+x+battery+replacement/16974 etradesupply video : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fd3azsxhof8 from experience , i strongly suggest you watch the entire video and/or read the whole article before ever even starting . that way no surprises creep up on you , and you already have an idea as to everything you will need to do . tools can be found widely online and may be worth the investment ( $2 kit on amazon , $1.35 kit on ebay ) . note that this might void any warranty you have from motorola or your device 's distributor . you could check with them first and see if the repairs might be covered for free or a fee . motorola can always help but may cost you more money ( if you are at fault for the damage ) or can take a while to complete due to shipping , service backlog , etc .
you can also run apex launcher from the app drawer of your default " stock " launcher . navigate to apex settings > advanced > set default launcher which will do the same thing - clear the default action and display the popup menu allowing you to choose from the launcher apps currently installed on your device .
i am doing the exact same thing , except with my captivate , and i ran into the same problems . to solve them , i use three apps across the two devices . on my n7 , i use tasker to detect when i lose wifi connection and use bluetooth auto connect as a tasker plugin to automatically connect to my phone . on my phone , i use bluetooth auto tethering , which automatically turns on bluetooth tethering when you start your phone . as a bonus here is a link to my tasker profile/tasks which does all this stuff . i think you can just import it into your tasker .
did you backup/restore your settings to/from google ? if so , that is why you can connect to these wireless networks . one of the things that gets backed up is the wireless network passwords so when you restored them back on your new device it is able to connect . android has built in backup functionality . it offers to backup settings ( including wifi settings ) automatically from each device . when you go through the set-up on a new device it then gives you the option to restore these settings . if you had this configured ( i think it is enabled by default ) then your wifi settings would have automatically been backed up on your nexus 4 and restored to your nexus 5 .
i could not stop it ( or do anything at all ) from settings -> applications -> manage applications -> all -> samsung push service . i opened " samsung apps " and it prompted me to upgrade . after that had completed , i went to settings -> about phone -> battery usage -> samsung push service and chose force stop , as it still seemed to be running heavily . upon powering the phone off and on , the app started up again , but no longer keeps the phone awake . i see it is now running version 1.1.4 , which may have fixed the problem ?
o.k. i have resolved the issue by re-applying the ota update from sdcard with recovery mode .
you could try opening the vcard file in outlook , there is also other software out there if you google " vcard editor " , find one you want and make sure there are not any issues with the file . in this case , you could remove the offending line , save with a new name and then try to import again . another option , you could import your contacts into your google account from a computer , then sync to a phone . follow this link for help with that . as far as other contact apps go , you will have to root your phone and install a rom that uses a different contact system then the one that comes stock on your phone . reason for this is most apps on the marketplace just put a different front end to the contact system already on your phone . you could look at the marketplace and see if there is an app you like , that is a totally separate contact system from what is on the phone , but i still think this would not help because your underlying issue would still exist .
the only way to get this to work was for us to do the following in our exchange server . create a new exchange activesync mailbox policy in the client access organization configuration . make sure that require password is disabled for the policy . go to the mailbox of the user in question , in the recipient configuration and open the properties for the mailbox . in the mailbox features tab , select exchange activesync and open the properties . select your newly created activesync mailbox policy and confirm your selection . you might need to remove and re-add the the account on your phone to make sure that it no longer asks you to set a password .
the llama app supports “llamatones” — notification sounds which change according to the current profile . see this blog post for the description by the app developer . you could achieve what you want as follows : create separate profiles for every different configuration you want to have . edit one of profiles and create a llamatone named “sms” ; select a notification sound for it which should be used when that profile is active . to make the notification silent , select a “no sound” ringtone ( at least on cyanogenmod 9 it is available in the “ringtones” group ; if there is no such ringtone on your phone , you should be able to find a no-sound . mp3 and add it easily ) . repeat this step to create llamatones for all other apps which need to be controlled separately ( you can create a single llamatone for a group of apps which should use the same notification sound ) . now edit all other profiles and configure all llamatones there , setting notification sounds which are appropriate for these profiles . configure your apps to use the newly created llamatones as notification sounds . you can either switch profiles manually , or configure llama events to switch them according to the current time or any other available triggers . note that there is no way to set different volumes for different llamatones — the same notification volume is used , but this volume can be set in the profile . however , you can use a sound editor to change sound volume in audio files , and then use those audio files as custom notification sounds , e.g. , like this .
i suspect the Sound recorder could be just a component that is used by several apps , such as Google Now and Voice Search . if you take a look at the list of apps , there are also others that can not be run directly , such as MusicFX , NFC Service , Search Applications Provider etc . , most of which take exactly the same amount of space , 12.00kb . note that this is just an assumption , i have no further proof .
i think turning on from shutdown is not possible without messing with the hardware . i have a nexus one which is basically the htc desire and using cyanogen mod i have been able to use the trackball to wake from sleep etc . you will need to root etc and probably will void your warranty whatsoever . try the following link for more info : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=690477 also google cyanogen mod ( i can only post one link at a time )
as i mentioned in the comments the twitter app does not seen to have an in-app browser so i am using the reddit is fun app instead since i know it does . i think that all in-app browsing uses a webview so it should be the same across all apps . the webview and chrome both use the webkit engine but chrome seems to use a more up-to-date one . i tried out sunspider on a few different devices and on the s2 with the browser . nexus 7 Running Android 4.2.2, Chrome 26.0.1410.58 Chrome: 1747ms (WebKit 537.31) In-app: 1720ms (WebKit 534.30)  nexus s Running Android 4.1.2, Chrome 18.0.1025.166, Chrome: 3443.7ms (WebKit 535.19) In-app: 4307.1ms (WebKit 534.30)  samgsung galaxy s2 Running Android 4.1.1 Resurrection Remix v3.8 ROM. Browser: 1488.8ms (WebKit 534.30) In-app: 1614.2ms (WebKit 534.30)  i ran the tests twice as i was suprised at the speed of the galaxy s2 compared to the nexus 7 but got roughly the same figures .
on this question , you might want to check an article on getandroidstuff called superuser vs supersu . quoting : supersu improves everything about superuser and adds more options . the free version offers faster notifications , there is possibility of disabling them for each app and a new interface , attractive and easy to handle . in addition , according to developer claims by using supersu you’ll enjoy higher speed from the apps that require root rights , especially on android 4.0+ . the paid version called supersu pro provides the opportunity to keep root rights after a system update , which usually cancels these rights . although the method is not guaranteed the option is very useful . we have password protection and advanced log configuration settings for each application . you might also want to read supersu brings better superuser root permission management to android . quoting from that article : supersu is basically superuser on steroids . according to the developer , it “allows for advanced management of superuser access rights for all the apps on your device that need root . ” . chainsdd versus clockworkmod as i initially missed you were not asking about supersu , but chainsdd versus clockworkmod : let 's take a look at androidpolice : koush 's superuser is free and open source sources are available at github it supports jellybeans ( 4.2+ ) multiuser ( supersu does this as well ) it will never have a pais version , which would go against the whole open-source principle like supersu , it makes use of the new android.permission.ACCESS_SUPERUSER permission ( already used by several root-apps ) pin protection request timeout customize notifications x86 and arm support tablet optimized ( koush speaks of " tablet mode " , so no fear it would not do on a phone : ) read more in the linked post at androidpolice .
sprint tells me that i need to pay for a hot-spot plan for $30 , but there has to be a way around this besides rooting my phone and putting cyanogen on it . sprint clamped down and disabled the previously free built-in tethering with the latest update . if you want usb tethering you can try pdanet , but wifi tethering will almost certainly require you to root , as it does on other devices . even with root , you do not necessarily need to use cyanogenmod if you do not want to , though ; you could just as easily install a free tethering app ( one example ) . this has been covered here a lot , in fact , so you might want to take a look at any wifi tethering apps noted in other questions . see also : is there a way to enable wifi-tethering without root access ?
even though android beam and s beam serve similar purposes , they actually work very differently and are not compatible with one another . android beam uses nfc to pair your devices over bluetooth , then transfers files over the bluetooth connection . i believe it can also transfer very small pieces of data ( contacts , links , etc ) directly over nfc , as the ice cream sandwich version highlights page implies : for larger payloads , developers can even use android beam to initiate a connection and transfer the data over bluetooth , without the need for user-visible pairing . s beam , however , uses wi-fi direct to perform data transfers instead of bluetooth . their reasoning for doing this is that wi-fi direct offers faster transfer speeds ( they quote up to 300 mbps ) . therefore , this will only work with other s beam enabled devices , currently limiting it to communication between two galaxy s3s . however , the sgs3 also supports android beam , so you can use that to transfer something between a gnex and an sgs3 . here is a tutorial on sprint 's website ( should be essentially the same for other versions of the sgs3 ) .
actually the bad news is that everyone has the same problem . its dead slow ! ! . try using the intel based emulator ( instead of the arm-7 ) and download the haxm software that intel provides . its available for the mac too . you can download the intel based emulator and the haxm software ( only for windows i guess ) from the sdk manager .
i believe this should work - widgetsoid2 . x on google play ( i have verified that this allows you to create a toggle widget on ics which does not go into settings app and does it work directly . although since wi-fi hotspot is not working on my custom rom of ics yet , i can not verify the actual working . )
microsd is generally hot swappable ( unlike sim card ) , but this thing screws things up . first , turn off the device . remove old microsd . clone it including .android_secure . insert new microsd while device is off . then , boot the device .
the superuser website explains it as such : ghost mode – hide superuser from your app tray and home screen . with ghost mode activated , the only way to launch it is by dialing a secret code into the dialer . the default secret code is *#*#787378737#*#* , but it can be set to whatever you want . note that this feature will probably be disabled if your device does not have a dialer ( tablets specifically ) .
as with imap mails are stored centrally on the server , you can see all mails from all imap clients . you can automatically store sent mails to a " sent " folder ( instead of only send them and not storing them ) , which is configured on a per-client basis . i cannot tell for your desktop clients how to do this , but with k9 you can select the folder in menu &rarr ; more &rarr ; settings &rarr ; account settings &rarr ; folders &rarr ; folder for sent objects just in the folders menu , you will find some more special folders you can define ( e . g . for drafts ) . having your " sent " folder defined on all your clients ( and always having defined the same ) , you should be able to easily view your sent mails from all clients , regardless of the fact from which client a mail was sent .
while writing the question i found the solution . explanation in odin mode , when the phone accepts a new recovery to be flashed , the original samsung recovery of 4.1 rom automatically does everything to avoid being flashed , that is actually re-flashing itself on reboot , just like a good ol ' computer virus ! solution run heimdall with --no-reboot flag , or if you are using odin for windows , uncheck the auto reboot checkbox . when flashed , physically remove battery and disconnect usb power supply . congratulations , you just have clockworkmod recovery installed ! !
the feature i was looking for is called ( on the apps i’ve found that have it ) “auto-dismiss” . i’m trying alarm clock xtreme free , which offers this feature ; if i’m happy with it i’ll upgrade to the paid version .
i think it is the result of a new synchronization option in 2.1 or 2.2 . on the first boot it asks whether you want to store some information about your apps online . i found it quite confusingly worded and was surprised by this effect . iirc you can prevent this from happening by refusing all the synchronization on the first boot . and i learned to only update when on wifi . .
there is probably not a single one . the reason is that initially ( or still ? ) google had requirements for handset makers if they wished to include the google apps in their phone like : handset needs to include 3g , gps , bluetooth support ( and probably more ) . all recent phones will have bluetooth , so if you really find one without : it is probably outdated and runs on an old version of android . you might try an amazon kindle ( that is really stripped down ) , but that has also no google apps , no gps and no gsm and is a tablet . last resort if you really want to get one without bluetooth support : get a model with good cyanogenmod support and build your own rom with bluetooth patched out ( seems like you do development , so you might consider this ) .
found a solution , follow the link and download version "4.4.811h . 526848" . install the old version and pin the last added playlist , then use the play store to update to the latest version . your last added playlist will now be pinned , when you update there is no still no pin icon but it is pinned .
if you do a cat /proc/filesystems you should notice tmpfs . so if you have access to the mount command , you shoud be able to create a directory ( mkdir MYDIRECTORY ) mount a tmpfs-filesystem there ( mount -t tmpfs tmpfs MYDIRECTROY ) per default a tmpfs-mount will use halv of the available ram on your system . so rather than " auto-growing " you can think of it as " auto-shrinking " - i.e. the more you use it , the less ram will be available . in the worst case your system might start swapping ( which you do not want ) . you can use options to use a different ram-size for that mount .
as your device is rooted , you might want to check some tools which help you on this task . examples include titanium backup , which ( next to backup almost everything ) can freeze apps ( which is the same as " disabling " them ) , and app quarantine , which is even dedicated to this job . the two are just examples , there are more " tool boxes " out there capable of the job in question . another way ( not requiring extra apps ) is utilizing adb for this : adb shell pm disable &lt;package_name&gt; could be used to disable an app ( see also this answer ) .
you could use widgetlocker to add your favorite world clock widget to the lock screen . you can find these widgets by searching the play store .
the exploit ( and fix ) android " master key " article describes the process of using the “master key” exploit to get elevated privileges with lots of technical details . the main point is that the exploit by itself does not give root privileges — only arbitrary code execution as the system user , and another privilege elevation exploit is needed to get root privileges ( one well-known example shown in the article is writing ro.kernel.qemu=1 to /data/local.prop , but this attack is blocked in most android 4.1 and later versions ) . the article also provides download links for the cydia impactor tool which automates the “master key” exploit ( currently only up to getting the system user rights , not all the way to root ) . there are versions for windows and mac os x .
cdma phones do not use sim cards , that is the most obvious way to tell . ( some world phones are both cdma and have gsm hardware and sim cards , but that is not relevant here ) . most carriers are only one or the other so your carrier should be a good indication as well .
the problem has been solved . my device ( 3g ) had android 4.2 installed initially . however the multiple user functionality is only available with android 4.2.1 . my device did not show the udpate . today it did - no idea why - and now the item is visible .
all apps ( root or not ) have a default data directory , which is /data/data/&lt;package_name&gt; . by default , the apps databases , settings , and all other data go here . if an app expects huge amounts of data to be stored , or for other reasons wants to " be nice to internal storage " , there is a corresponding directory on the sdcard ( Android/data/&lt;package_name&gt; ) . apart from that , all apps can store data anywhere on the sdcard , as there are no restrictions -- and many apps do so . they can use directory names freely ( and they again do ) , which is what often makes it hard to decide what all that " junk " on the card is intended for , and what of it can be deleted . though , as tom pointed out , root-apps could store their data almost everywhere on your device , they usually follow the same rules as other apps . you can find a general explanation of the android directory hierarchy in my answer here . for your specific question i might add some more details on the /data/data/&lt;package_name&gt; ( and corresponding sd-part ) : databases/: here go the app 's databases lib/: libraries and helpers for the app files/: other related files shared_prefs/: preferences and settings cache/: well , caches there might be several more directories in this place , or fewer -- it all depends on the app . in its own " home directory " ( and that is what it basically is , spoken linux-wise ) they can place files where they want . usually , these files and directories are only accessible by the app itself ( and root , of course ) -- other than those stored on the sdcard , which are accessible by all apps .
tasker should be seeing the event even if the system does not have it set as the default handler , so you should be safe setting smart dock as the default . ( that said , you could also have tasker handle the launch of smart dock . )
as far as i know , android is not setup to use hosts . allow and hosts . deny however , it is setup to use a standard hosts file in /system/etc/hosts unfortunately , it does not support wildcards , so it might be difficult to limit the device to a single domain via that method . iptables probably are your best bet - perhaps you could post the rules you attempted , and i can see if there is anything that could be causing them to run too slow ?
i do not know about your specific device/battery but here is a rather detailed article on the battery in android phones and the app used in the article to log battery information is called currentwidget if the article is representative of most smart phones , which i suspect it is , to maximize your battery life your phone does an initial charge to 100% and then maintains the battery at about 93% . my takeaway is that it is good to leave your phone plugged in and charging when you can but it is not good to frequently plug and unplug your phone .
if you have saved the previous version 's .apk , you can re-instate it . that is why i have appmonster pro backup restore installed and running : it captures each and every .apk installed , so i can always revert to a previous version . if you do not have the old .apk available , and you are talking about a free app , you can check android drawer for a previous version 's .apk . download it , make sure you have unknown-sources enabled in your settings , and launch the .apk e.g. from a file explorer . this should install the ( old version of the ) app without you losing any data .
go to Menu &gt; More &gt; Settings , make sure that " email notifications " is checked then " select ringtone > silent " and " vibrate > for all gmail notifications " .
you can always put the files on an sd card and transfer them to your internal storage from there , but as was said in the comments , if something happens during the process and you are unable to boot your phone , the only way to recover from that is to reflash it from the computer , using the usb cable . you can use titanium backup to back all of your apps up onto the sd card , and hopefully you keep everything you can backed up through google , but you still would have an unusable phone if something happened .
well after an hour of searching around for how to revert the hosts file , i gave up . ( i kept having permission denied errors ) . so i downloaded adfree again ( turns out that is what i had before ) and clicked " revert " .
as izzy points out , /system is usually mounted read-only , because it contains the operating system itself . the only reason you are getting these errors is because you specifically asked the command to wipe both /system and /data: that is what the all means . if you actually did that , you had have to reboot into recovery to reinstall the os . if that is what you really want , you should first remount /system as read-only by running the following command in a root shell on the device : mount -ro remount,rw /system  if you just want to wipe user data , to get an effect like a factory-reset for a clean slate for testing , then the command you need is wipe data .
my answer for you is twofold ; there are innate downsides to off-brand devices but - most importantly - your use case ( development and application purposes ) might make off-brand android phones a poor choice . this is from my experience with the phones ( i have a lot , having lived in asia for years , and seeing a lot here in the states ) first , the general issues . cheap , off-brand phones like that can actually perform quite well - but those good phones can be few and far between . often , you will face issues with any/all of the following : screen quality - this is generally the first place no-brand manufacturers cut corners . many , if not most , of the devices will have low resolution and poor color reproduction . battery - this is the next big issue with these . there are many reasons that cheaper design , development , and manufacturing generally mean poor battery life . from the chips used , to the battery technology used , to the radios ( in your case , dual-sim is a known battery-drainer ) . local support - your mileage may vary™ . many , if not most , no-brand devices are quad-band gsm-devices - worldphones ! ! but many are not , and almost all are poorly documented . it may claim to be a worldphone , but who knows for sure ? slowness - these things are cheap . good nand is expensive , good socs can be expensive . most off-brand phones are much slower than the big-name phones from htc , lg , motorola , etc . . . customer support - almost universally non-existent when dealing with these things . long-term manufacturer support - you are almost guaranteed to never see an update to the android os on these phones . community support - the devices are , unfortunately , almost never supported by the hacking/modding/open-source communities . phones from big names almost all have communities for modding/roms/help built around them . that does not seem so bad , right ? you will be developing software for your organization . you do not care about watching movies - so screen quality does not matter - and it'll always be plugged into a dev machine - so battery does not matter either . you probably expected slowness too . you probably do not care about those issues ! let me tell you why you might want to care . screen - it is likely to be an old , depracated screen resolution . if you are going to be developing applications to publish then it could be a problem making your app compatible with standard screen sizes . ( your so question implies you are not , so this might be a nonissue ) . slowness - you mention that this will be a low-demand server and sms gateway . slowness may be a downside for you . the phone you linked is very slow . long-term manufacturer support - this thing runs android 2.3.6 . that is ancient . even though that version is still used on many android phones today , it could be very limiting for you with its old api . community support - it is very likely that you will need to use adb , perhaps get root , and a plethora of other generally-simple tasks that could be made difficult by the way the phone is engineered . usually , there is a community to ask for help when things like this get in the way . not so for this phone . tl , dr : you will probably be able to make a workable solution with the phone you linked . there are some very significant unknowns - hiccups you may run into with your project , and hiccups you may run into with the phone - that might be bad with this phone , or they might be no problem . if it was me , i suggest this little phrase : if you have to ask , " is this phone going to work ? " then you should probably consider a different phone . get a device that you know will work . nexus phones are made for this situation . and big-name phones , while not as much as a nexus , will probably be a better solution than the phone you linked . i realize the price of nexus phones in india is expensive , but i would say it is worth the added cost .
thanks all . in android 4.2 jelly bean , we should manage default app in same app we do not want it to handle sms . in tango 3 settings , there is an option to avoid sms handling .
the launcher on the moto g is indeed almost identical to the stock android launcher - but not the google experience launcher that is seen on nexus devices running android 4.4+ .
it looks like google is afraid of being sued by apple for using " square icon with rounded corners " . there is an issu on http://code.google.com/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=125076 . however there is information about fix version set to 25th release . i do not know if chromium and chrome versions have the same numbers , but last time i checked chrome it was on v . 22 . there is also a posted suggestion of introducing chrome specific android-icon .
afaik there is no built-in method to achieve that personalization . i would go with apex launcher by android does available from google play store , to use with android 4.0+ , it is free and among the features you will find : customizable homescreens and grid size scrollable dock infinite and elastic scrolling customizable app and folder icons multiple drawer styles drawer apps sorting hide apps from the drawer enjoy homescreen gestures backup/restore settings and data apex launcher homescreen settings : other features can be found if you go pro .
it seems that there was a network problem or gmail was blocked in my office which was making the server not respond and giving exception -> couldn't open connection to server. . i tried at home with my wifi and it worked finally .
if you have a samsung phone , some of them have separate " internal " and " external " sd storage . if it is on the external sd card , then you need this adress : file:///sdcard/external_sd/yourapp . apk
somebody needs to write and test the drivers and core apps . that is all . most applications that are written for dalvik ( i.e. . most apk programs ) are pretty portable across different android versions , but not so much for core programs that were written in c , the linux kernels and drivers , and the dalvik vm itself . at the very least , these programs need to be recompiled ; occasionally , the new android version may require new capabilities from the drivers , and someone will need to write the code for them . additionally , for official releases , manufacturers and carriers often adds value-added customizations ; these customizations need to be ported , tested , and often debugged against the new framework . in deciding whether to write upgrades , manufacturers ( and to certain extent , carriers ) faces a dilemma , they make better profit by selling to you a new device instead of writing upgrades for free , but poor upgrade history will put off customers as well ; so they will often drop support for older phones and only write one or two version upgrades at most . hardware limitation has never been a problem for upgrades . while it is certainly true that certain new features might have a much higher hardware demand than older phones can conveniently handle ( e . g . live wallpapers ) , these features are usually either disabled or left to give sub-optimal experience . other limitation is space limitation . some phones have very small internal memory , and android tends to get larger for every upgrade . to port newer versions for these phones , some sacrifices has to be made ; whole libraries may be left out ( e . g . who needs the nfc on a g1 ? ) . these modifications needs to be written and tested .
try starting it in safe mode and see if the led still acts up . . link - http://www.myvusers.com/forums/samsung-galaxy-nexus/10880-safe-mode-galaxy-nexus-samsung.html
simple answer : no . ics requires an armv7 processor . arm11 processors are armv6 , as such your tablet does not support ics . however , a rom maker may have ported it to your professor and hardware - i suggest you check forums such ad xda developers .
go to your phone settings menu . under Accessibility , click the checkbox for Power button ends call . be careful using this with bluetooth . i have accidentally ended calls because i wanted to put the phone in my pocket ; i pressed the power button ( do not want my touchscreen active : i might accidentally end the call ! ) , and the call ended .
its actually ok to install gapps , or any other zip packages ( if they are meant to be flashed ) , after cyanogenmod has been installed . you had use the install zip from sdcard option while in recovery mode ( presumably clockworkmod , if you followed cm 's install guide ) to flash the gapps zip file . then reboot your device and after that you will notice that it will take a little longer to start up with a message saying " android is upgrading " . wait for that to finish and then you will see all of the google apps installed .
head to settings -> apps -> all -> internet -> clear defaults . next time you do a search or open a link , you will be given a choice of which app you want to open it with . select chrome and put a tick in the " make default " checkbox and that should make chrome the default browser .
if you disable the Off-road mode in opera then it plays the video rather than downloading it .
factory reset only resets all user data , not the os itself . if your update failed for some reason , you had have to reflash the phone . you can find info on this in the xda-developers forum . note that since your phone is rooted , your warranty may be void . take this into consideration before you take your phone to the service center .
my phone is working on 4.1.1 and i downloaded and installed the application , it worked fine . no problems at all . xda seems to be a reliable source . i used it to type this answer and i am going to uninstall it as i have paid version of swiftkey . i will post a comment whether it uninstalls or not .
i think you should just flash another rom . you will still have all your data on the internal sd so no need to worry about that . this would wipe your /system . so what you want to do is follow the standard procedure of installing a new custom rom and you should be good to go without any data loss ( eg . pictures , videos etc . you still lose any app data not backed up on the cloud ) . a great site with recommendations which i use for my own phone is galaxys2root . some rom recommendations i can give you from my own personal usage are aokp jb mr2 , resurrection remix v5 . try to avoid the ones with battery drain issues and you should be fine . going thru the phone log with your phone not booting up is a hassle which is unnecessary in this case . just do the above and you will be fine .
have you enabled searchify as a ' searchable item ' under the global search settings ?
try bluestacks and tell us how it goes .
it is pretty easy , because your android phone will sync to google contacts . sync your windows mobile phone to your computer ( outlook , outlook express , whatever you normally sync to ) export your contacts from there to a csv . ( go to file menu on the top left in the out look , click on import and export , click on export file to , click next , click on comma separated values ( windows ) , click on next , click on contacts , click on browse select drive and folder where you want to save file , click on next . ) you are done use google contacts to import the csv ( import is in the upper right from http://google.com/contacts ) wait a couple minutes . all of your contacts will show up on your android phone soon !
google play services is a library used by other google and third-party apps . it allows apps to use : google maps layers to show maps in other apps google+ sign-on and sharing the new google+ gaming functionality for match-making , leaderboards , and to store saved games " in the cloud " google cloud messaging to sync data from the internet to your device efficiently location services to set up " geo-fences " so they can respond to locations and activities more efficiently than if they accessed your location directly it is a lot of functionality that could have been made part of android itself , but making it a separate library allows google to update it directly , so app developers can rely on it being up-to-date on every device : unlike android itself , which some manufacturers and carriers do not bother to update for older devices . if you were to remove it , any apps that rely on it would stop working or behave unpredictably .
here 's a few tips for troubleshooting : go to system settings > apps > click android keyboard ( aosp ) . clear data . clear cache . if that does not work , and you have a custom recovery , reboot into recovery and clear the entire cache , clear davlik cache , and go to advanced > fix permissions . other than that , you could try uninstalling and reinstalling from google play or downloading a different keyboard .
do not have a windows machine handy but look in the microsoft site advises , ( for windows 7 ) : autoplay lets you choose which program to use for different kinds of digital media , such as music cds or pictures from your digital camera . show all to turn autoplay on or off when you turn autoplay on , you can choose what should happen when you insert different types of digital media into your computer . for example , you can choose which digital media player is used to play cds . when autoplay is turned off , you are prompted to choose what you want to do when you insert digital media into your computer . open autoplay by clicking the start button picture of the start button , and then clicking control panel . in the search box , type autoplay , and then click autoplay . do one of the following : to turn autoplay on , select the use autoplay for all media and devices check box . to turn autoplay off , clear the use autoplay for all media and devices check box . click save . n.b. it is almost always a good idea to turn this off as it stops malicious code on cds/dvds/usb keys/etc from being able to run .
what filled my internal memory were ' tombstones ' , files located in /data/tombstones , and in total used about 800 mb . after some digging up , i found that these are crash dumps from applications , and are only useful for debugging , so they can be safely removed .
vruemk2 - is not bootloader unlocked . so no cwm and custom roms for this . you only have root via saferoot method . there is not a known bootloader unlock yet for the past 2 or 3 ota releases .
it is Download mode you boot the device into to use Odin . i have included a bit more info if you wanted anything deeper . see this post " what is download mode " as for download mode , for example odin is commonly used on samsung devices to flash roms , those devices needs to be in download mode prior to flashing . however , odin is not the official way to do it , rather kies , is the official route in upgrading the firmware , this is for samsung devices for example . you can boot into recovery mode also to use your recovery to make backups , wipe data , flash roms directly on the device . xda wiki on android recovery and here is a short extract . recovery is stored in a disk partition separate from the main android partitions ( boot/kernel , root/system ) . it contains its own linux kernel , separate from the kernel of the main android system . because of separate kernel+recovery_apps , the device is able to boot into the recovery mode even if the main system is broken , allowing the user a set of tools to fix the device . the recovery is completely independent of the android system . see here for the cyanogenmod wiki on fastboot and an extract : fastboot is a small tool that comes with the android sdk ( software developer kit ) that can be used to re-flash partitions on your device . it is an alternative to the recovery mode for doing installations and updates . because fastboot mode can start on your device even before android loads ( and can even run when android is not installed at all ) , fastboot mode is useful for updating the firmware quickly , without having to use a recovery mode . in fact , it is frequently the preferred way to initially install the recovery image on many devices . fastboot can also be used for developer operations like unlocking the bootloader of google 's nexus devices .
this depends on the manufacturer of the device the provider where you bought your device . the manufacturer pre-installs some applications . also the provider may pre-install some applications . so this does not depend on the android version but on the manufacturer and/or provider .
no android does not saves your custom words from the dictionary of the keyboard in your google account . normally default keyboard does not automatically sync your personal ( custom ) dictionary . but you can email it or make backup of it in sdcard . setting -> keyboard -> personal dictionary or setting -> keyboard -> keyboard type ( eg htc sence input ) -> personal dictionary
download ical import export 2.2 from the play store and you can backup the calendar on your phone . move the file to your pc and follow the instructions here : https://support.google.com/calendar/answer/37118?hl=en to upload to your google calendar online . or maybe you can just turn sync on ? that i do not know . but create the backup first if you try it ! good luck
okay ; i finally figured this out ! go to the people app click on a contact to see the contact detail bring up the menu click Mark as default choose default picture , email , phone , etc .
the current new nexus 7 's only support wifi . they do not support any mobile data yet . but once they are released with mobile data support , you can count on them supporting older networks , like 3g ( hspa/hspa+ ) as well as supporting 4g ( lte ) . lte coverage is not wide enough for them to only support 4g .
i just encountered this same problem on a new galaxy siii with verizon . i am using stock android 4.1.2 and found the answer to be simple . just open the contacts app , then click the phone 's menu button , then choose the " contacts to display " menu , the select the gear icon to the right of " customized list " , then choose the respective contacts account , then uncheck ( or check ) the email contact groups that you wish to hide , press " done " in the upper right when finished . that should have activate the " customized list " , but you can return to that menu to confirm . that is it ! simple and no need to install custom rom .
es file explorer is one that can use the secure ftp protocol over ssh protocol . to get the settings , from es file explorer : hit menu key , show tabs , local , lan , ftp , net appears tap on ftp then tap on new that appears underneath , a dialog box will appear prompting the different ftp types , tap on sftp enter the details of the ssh server that hosts the secure ftp protocol es file explorer will remember the next time , so tap on the server , and then you can browse the file system of the remote server and upload/download files
currently i can only find customization options through mods or other updates to the rom . for example : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1999125 it would really be great if stock android 4.2 would provide functionality to add tiles , re-order tiles or change the function of long/short taps on tiles . this issue has some of those feature enhancement requests : http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=40285
i had suspected that formatting additional partitions like /firmware and /persist might be somehow related my boot loop - but i have no educated confirmation of this ! any cm aftermarket firmware that i tried would get stuck at the boot though . the following solved my problem : install the ( latest ) google stock android - this is just as easy as installing cyanogenmod install clockworkmod recovery install cyanogenmod rom
yes , that seems to be a typo : the conditions should be If %WIFI ~ on and If %WIFI !~ on ( or If %WIFI ~ off ) . the %wifi variable can only be on or off , not toggle . but the wifi action can be used to enable , disable or toggle wifi , i.e. if wifi is enabled , it will be disabled , and if wifi is disabled , it will be enabled . the example ( minus the typo ) talks about creating a " toggle wifi " widget : if wifi is on and you click the icon , wifi will be disabled and the icon will be changed to a " wifi is off " icon . and if wifi is off and you click the icon , wifi will be enabled and the icon will be changed to a " wifi is on " icon .
when you leave an app that was running in the screen , it stops running , but android keeps its process in memory . this means that next time you want that app in the foreground , or next time it runs a service in the background ( e . g . to check for email ) , the app can run again without android having to load it from storage again . this means it starts faster and uses less battery . apps that have been kept alive but not running in this way are called cached background processes . they still use some ram , but android will automatically remove them from ram if it needs to free it up for running apps , so they do not affect the amount of ram available to other apps .
there is not an asus one and a google one : both the nexus 7 models are asus-google collaborations . all nexus devices are design collaborations between google and another device manufacturer ( asus , samsung , or lg ) . that said , the two models are completely different , with different socs , screens , and cameras . the original nexus 7 ( aka nakasi ) has a slightly-over-720p screen , powered by a tegra 3 , and only one camera . the 2013 model ( aka razor ) has a 1920x1200 screen , two cameras , and a snapdragon soc . roms are not compatible between the two .
calendar snooze can repeat reminders until you acknowledge them , forever . it works with the default calendar app , and will let it keep syncing with google . you can customize how often the notification repeats , how many times ( including " keep repeating" ) , and you can customize two sets of reminders , for example repeating every minute for 5 minutes , and then ever 5 minutes for an hour . it can also use notifications , the led , text-to-speech , and alert popups . it also ( as the name suggests ) allows a very powerful snooze mechanism , with completely customizable snoozes .
it is , if you have root access . found the following solution on l0uy blog : open /system/csc/others.xml and add the following child to the &lt;FeatureSet&gt; parant : &lt;CscFeature_Contact_SetLinkCountMaxAs&gt;30&lt;/CscFeature_Contact_SetLinkCountMaxAs&gt;  the 30 is the limit , how much contacts you will merge . choose what you want . works fine on 4.1.2 .
i treat chargers with the same specs as interchangeable . . . many usb chargers are rated as 5v 500ma ( or . 5a ) ; in most cases , you should be able to interchange them ( it may take excellent eyesight to actually read the specs ; on my motoroloa chargers , they are very faintly engraved ) . some apple chargers produce more current than the standard 500ma , so i would not use them to charge products other than the intended . since most computer usb ports are rated for 500ma , chargers with the same rating should charge any usb-chargeable device without problems .
samsung put the " flash lite " plugin on the galaxy s for 2.1 . it supports the basics . this blog shows some devices that use the plugin : http://www.adobe-flashlite.com/ edit : adobe now has a list of devices that can run full flash . http://www.adobe.com/flashplatform/certified_devices/
yes , you should be able to use fat32 with no problems . android supports fat/fat16 and fat32 , and i believe raw / unformatted cards may work with some phones . you can also use ext partitions but this requires some extra work , see for example how to use ext partition in my android ?
as far as android is concerned , 4.2.1 to 4.2.2 contained only a few things . they include : show remaining time for downloads from the play store provide a system notification sound when wireless charging begins allows long-pressing on certain tiles in quick settings in reality , since you have a device that does not support wireless charging , the second point obviously does not apply to you . and since cm already heavily modified the tiles for quick settings and offers far more options that this update introduced , the only benefit you would get out of this update would be showing the remaining time . but , cm has new features being added all the time that are separate of the features added by google . if you look under settings -> about phone -> view changelog , you can see a big list of all the major features that cm 10.1 adds to google 's android 4.2.2 release . and if you want to look at all the specific changes ( usually around 10-50 per day , although , some are new features , some are bug fixes for devices not related to yours , and some are new/updated translations ) , you can see it online at http://changelog.bbqdroid.org and clicking on your device and cm version . you can browse through the changes for each nightly there , and although some of the subjects can be cryptic , you can still usually make out what new features are being introduced .
quicksshd works on rooted and non-rooted phones . there are some limitations on non-rooted phones ( running on port 2222 instead of 22 , etc . ) , but other than this , i have yet to see any problem with it on any device ( tested from 1.6 through 2.1 to 4.1 ) . costs approx . us$1.5
to answer my own question : i found swipeswitcher lite and am using this to easily launch quickdroid . swipeswitcher is a very simple app which just adds a small invisble overlay on the left and right edges of the screen . it let 's you configure each overlay to launch an app ( or go the the previous/next app in the default configuration ) . so i configured the left edge to launch quickdroid and kept the right edge at the default config . now i can quickly launch quickdroid by swiping from the left edge of the screen . to launch an app all i do now is swipe , type 2 - 3 characters , and select the app . and as an added bonus , i can quickly go back to the previous app by swiping from the right edge of the screen . so far i really like this very simple solution . it is similar to other suggested solutions such as fliplauncher and swipepad , except that swipeswitcher does not replace the homescreen and immediately launches one single app . i also had a look at google search launcher , as that promised to be exactly what i wanted to use the android built-in tablet search . however , this really just launches the google search , so it is still not in ' tablet search mode ' by default and still shows search suggestions . it also makes the homesceeen inaccessible and was rather slow . it seemed promising but was a rather dissapointing . update : i just found another very nice solution . if you have tasker installed , you can install assistant event for tasker . then you can create a task which will launch quickdroid ( or any app of your choice ) when using the gesture which would normally open google now ( the " google assistant " gesture ) .
iphone emoticons are not character combinations like :- but they are single utf-16 character of emoticons called emoji which are not by default supported in android . by using some third party sms apps such as go sms pro and installing its emoji plugin you would be able to send and receive such iphone emoticons to/from your friend .
it depends on your device and what app you are using . on my droid 1 running froyo if i add my own cell # to my contacts the default messaging app uses the avatar that is set with that contact entry . if you add this it may take a little while for everything to sync up and for the pic to begin to display . in handcent sms you can set custom contact specific avatars .
i found one . there is an app called microcom that is part of some newer busybox packages . i used the latest busybox ( 1.9.3 ) that could be installed by busybox pro ( steven stericson ) from the android market . i replaced busybox 1.9.3cm that came with my rom and which did not have microcom . with that busybox you just have to open a terminal ( i used btep ) and type microcom . the short help file will be displayed . using it can be as simple as : microcom -s 115200 /dev/ttyUSB0  i am still interested in a more full-featured version -- something more like minicom . but at least microcom gets the minimal job done for now . if no one offers a more full featured app than microcom , i will accept my answer in a few days .
the nook devs site provides links and goes over downloading google apps to your nook color running honeycomb . this site lists the available google app downloads from cyanogenmod , explaining that they cannot come pre-installed due to licensing restrictions . the links at the very bottom of the page ( and the first link ) should help you find the appropriate applications .
after much torment and due to an unfortunate accident , i went ahead and purchased one . the answer is : tilde close screen tap the input area long press a click tilde backtick ( grave ) close screen tap the input area long press apostrophe realize that you were pressing the voice search button since the apostrophe button is so small and cramped , so cancel the voice search repeat 3 until success click backtick this is a major pain . i may just make an alternate soft keyboard for myself that just has those two buttons .
did you remember to switch to swype from the default keyboard ? press and hold inside any text box ( like google search , for example ) . a pop-up should come up with one or more options . select the " input method " option and then select " swype " .
i do not know if this will work in your situation ( and i can not test it myself ) as in your situation it seems the killing of processes is done for safety reasons and not just to free up memory but it could be worth a try . the app is called minfreemanager ( requires root ) and there is a good guide here . taken from the link to the guide , here is an overview of what the app will do ; ActivityManagerService.java looks at the ' importance ' of running processes ; foreground apps , services , content providers etc , and prioritises them for close order in an oom ( out of memory ) situation . each process is assigned an oom_adj value . the lower the value , the less likely android is to close the app when it starts to run out of memory . these values are managed by android at runtime so a processes oom value can and will change as it changes state , from foreground , to background to idle etc . the app can adjust a processes oom_adj values to your own custom values so you can try and manipulate which apps android will close first and at what stage of low memory on the device . like i said , this is just a very basic overview . follow the link to the guide and you will find all the information you need to give it a go ( could go on for pages if i tried to explain in full detail ) .
summing up the solution from above comments on the question itself : finding the culprit first step is to get to the logging information on your device , to figure out some more details on what is going on . multiple choices to do so : get a logcat app from the playstore . there are many , and as long as you run android 4.0 or below , none of them have issues . starting with android 4.1 , apps can only see their own log entries ( so a logcat app only sees what it writes itself , which makes it quite useless ) -- unless your device is rooted ( your cm7 is ) , and you convert the logcat app into a system app ( which can be done e.g. using titanium backup ★ root ) . to find a suiting logcat app , simply use this playstore search -- afaik none of them comes pre-installed with cm . get it done from your pc . see is there a minimal installation of adb ? for how to get adb installed on your linux/mac/windows computer , and how to set up its configuration so it recognizes your android device . then either use adb logcat from the command-line , or a graphical interface ( e . g . qtadb , as described in the linked question ) solving the issue as you followed above device , you were able to pick the corresponding error message from the logs : the app was looking for a folder named /mnt/sdcard/download/ , which did not exist -- instead there already existed /mnt/sdcard/Download/ with a capital D . the problem behind this little thing is : while the underlying file-system ( fat ) supports mixed-case file/directory names , it does not differentiate correctly : cd download does not work due to different spelling , but mkdir download conflicts , though . so the solution , in your case , was to rename the existing Download directory to download . while i still hold this as a bug in the apps used ( they should be able to work around the issue , at least by asking the user where to download to ) , this simple trick at least enables you to download the .apk files now : )
most hsdpa / edge cdma networks do not support data and voice at the same time . cdma modern gsm networks ( including 3g and hsdpa , but not edge ) do , and lte will , so i am not sure why you are having this problem . it is possible that dual-transfer mode may not be enabled on your phone . alternatively , your network might not support it . ( info on dtm . )
for now i am using tasker to solve this problem . just set headset plugged as the context , and make the task set media volume to where i want it . if someone finds a better solution and posts here i will accept it as answer . note the market version of tasker was force closing on my sidekick . i emailed the developer and he got it fixed . look for apk version 1.1b4 or above and it should work on sidekick . this update will get pushed to the market sometime i am sure ( or maybe it already has been )
this happened on my nexus - you just have to reboot your device , and the icon will show up . most likely niantic changed the launcher activity , so the short cut is no longer pointing to the correct activity , hence the error message . rebooting the device/restarting the launcher , and then re-adding the home screen shortcut will fix this .
i do not have a motorola atrix 2 at hand , but as far my memory goes , you can go past the " no sim/emergency dial only " screen if you boot the phone while holding the camera button pressed .
this icon simply means that there are more notifications to show , but there is not enough space left in the top status bar to show all notification icons ( that is why it does not have a matching notification ) .
you can go to the play store and view the ' my apps ' section . this should list your most recently updated apps . you can check the top 27 or so and see if it helps you determine , which one may be affecting video playback .
you can download the flash player 10.1 app from the market or by going to http://adobe.com on your phone and clicking on the get adobe flash player button .
your carrier is responsible for sending ota updates . check their website , call them and ask , or try searching for your carrier 's name and " android update " .
if you are using your google voice for another purpose , such as a sip service for an obihai appliance or as a voip system on your pc , you will encounter problems with voicemail not picking up . you will need to disable google voicemail on your phone , create a new google voice account , with a new number , and add your android phone to that account . then select " use google voicemail " and follow the instructions for your provider . ( if you use straight talk , select either t-mobile or at and t as your provider , depending on the sim you purchased from straight talk . ) the number on the new google voice account does not need to be used for anything other than voicemail - calls to your cell phone will be forwarded to the gv number after 4 rings , and since there is no voip device listening at that number on the new account , voicemail will pick up . you will need to log into the new account in the google voice app , and go through the setup wizard again .
finally i was able to import smses using sms importer lite . this post was very helpful to make it work . it was required to configure sms importer this way : source type : custom in advanced preferences : seperator : , sender position : 3 date position : 6 body position : 8 otherwise it always failed with " unexpected error " message .
i have had that before , i think it has something to do with how the device was named on the build . prop . i had a device that runs on ics before , i changed rom to another ics and one of my apps showed incompatible on the play store . i installed the app from a backup copy and it ran without problems .
yes , stock rom does not support other file systems but ext2 for the second partition . so create an ext2 partition . the location of the apps , once linked with link2sd will be from the root of the sytem : \ ( which is root ) sd-ext and there you will find some directories or app-files , depending on your link2sd settings . about the question for mounting / rebooting : i cannot answer that because i do not know . about the size of thee partition : when you connect your phone to your computer , and have minitool partition wizard installed , you should be able to create the partitions like you want it and with the size you want . but to be honest : 6gb for apps is an awfully lot . . . i think the tutorial just points out that you probably never will exceed the 2 gb that is mentioned and you can use the other 6gb for normal storage ( which also can be read by windows when you connect your phone to your computer ) i hope i answered your questions . . .
the solution that seemed to work , at last , was the following . i connected the tablet with usb into my pc . then downloaded the signed package of gapps for my android version , from http://goo.im and moved it in the same dir as the adb executable . after that , i booted the tablet in recovery mode , chose the option " update from adb " , and run the command " adb sideload gapps . zip " , where gapps . zip is the filename downloaded earlier . everything run good and i can now see , the necessary services .
take a look at the choosing your google number page in their help section . specifically , have a look at the " learn more about the difference between the two options " expandable link . the gist is that unless you have sprint , choosing to use your mobile number will simply allow you to port your mobile number and turn it into your gvoice number or continue using gvoice lite . this means you lose your mobile number for your cell plan , which is probably not what you want in most cases . if you have sprint then you can choose to have your gvoice number be a copy of your actual mobile number , allowing gvoice communication to essentially appear as though it originated from your mobile phone ( among other things , explained more at about google voice on sprint ) .
long tap in your main launcher window --> ( personalize menu pops ) --> click on " display " --> lockscreen --> settings . you can only switch between application , but you cannot have more than 4 .
answering myself , it seems in this phone is under : " sd and phone storage > factory data reset . "
found a thread of people with the same issue . htc was contacted an to fix they said factory reset your phone : with the phone turned off , press and hold the volume down key . briefly press the power key . wait for the screen with the 3 android images to appear . press the volume down key twice to select clear storage . press the power . when asked to confirm , press volume up however this has not worked for many users . the second fix would be this : *hey i will gwy&lt ; ----- when you make a mistake like that instead of tapping the backspace button to get rid of your mistakes . press and hold it until it gets rid of your mistakes its a slight fix but its alot easier to have to deal with the whole delete by selection issue
is colorised what you are looking for ? this is a demo , but there is also coloroid and color flood if you are still looking : )
you can install a third-party homescreen ( launcher ) app which supports gestures . some examples : holo launcher hd , apex launcher , nova launcher . note that such gestures will work only when the launcher is active ( i.e. . , they are not global gestures accessible from any app ) , and may be eaten by scrollable widgets if they are present at the homescreen , and you start the gesture inside such widget . globally accessible gestures are possible too ( e . g . , there are apps such as swipepad ) , however , this will increase resource consumption , because such app must be running all the time and listening for touch events , and also may conflict with other apps .
theoretically epub should have the advantage over pdf as it is a smaller file that is basially html , css and image files with a few xml files for defining the books metadata , chapter order and table of contents navigation zipped into ' epub ' format . it is in many ways like a website . the pdf files will often be larger as they have embedded fonts , image optimisation and their own encryption to deal with as overheads . however , while epub will reflow text easily it is not very good for more technical things like code and mathematical equations etc , so really what format to have the book in will depend on your need rather than an impact on the battery . also the more optimised the ebook reader the less overhead on your battery . the screen is the biggest drain on nearly all mobile devices and will consume far more battery than any ebook reader . conversely , an epub with a lot of markup and very , very large unoptimised image files could be a bigger overhead to render than a slimmed down , lower image quality pdf . as per @chahk ' s comments below , the actual saving for a black background is quite low for an amoled screen where black is unpowered , and non existant on lcd based technologies . this xda user did an experiment which should be taken as anecdotal evidence and his finding was basically after 1 hour of screen on time he had saved around 6% battery life . how to geek article on black wallpaper and battery which states : on most computer displays , such as the computer screen you’re probably reading this article on , using a black background won’t save you any battery life . no matter what color a pixel is – whether it’s dark black or blinding white – there’s a backlight at the back of your screen and it’s constantly outputting light . the black pixels block more of the backlight , but it’s still behind the black pixel , using power .
first off you need to use a qr code reader . there is no way around that . you can not teach some to read qr 's , but you can show them the proper way of using such an app . most of the readers have built in dummy instructions - such as center the code in the picture , how far away to get a good reading and other useful tidbits . besides if they can take a picture with the device , they can read a qr code . so to finish off , yes the easiest way is to have an app installed , unless your ( their ) device has one natively installed
verified that this bug does indeed exist on the razr maxx hd ( running 4.1.1 )
microsoft onenote now has an official app for android . you can edit and sync up to 500 notes .
it primarily means that the boot loader is unlocked so it is much easier to upload rom 's for testing . additionally the default installation will be the original aosp version of the code and include root access to the phone 's software . it does not mean that the hardware is a " test " model . it is a fully developed phone . what it does not have is more important than what it does have . what it does not have is the additional locks and proprietary junk that a carrier modified phone normally has .
i actually had this very same issue . i contacted nextbook and it was very hard to get in touch with them by phone or email . finally i got an email back with some ideas , including doing a reset for the whole tablet . however , i believe what actually fixed it is that i bought a cheap hdmi to mini-hdmi cable on amazon to plug into my tv ( which works quite nicely ) and once i plugged it in and out , that seemed to fix the problem of sound not working/screen rotating . i have not seen the problem happen again , so i think there was just some slight connection problem that is now okay . i hope it works for you .
it is not a built-in feature on nexus devices , but samsung devices have this in the accessibility settings . inverting all colours is not much use , as some apps have light text on a dark background , and some apps have dark text on a light background . making text easier to read is better achieved by increasing the text size , which is an option on all android devices ( also in the accessibility settings ) .
the reason it does not work properly is this : the init.rc script resides in within the ramdisk attached to the boot image . hence the init.rc script that was edited and pushed across is now overwritten by the boot image 's own script upon reboot - effectively changes are lost ! you need to extract the boot image , using every boot image has the kernel and the ramdisk . the tools available to do this can be found here . extracting when invoking the script split_bootimg.pl on a boot image it will recreate the following : boot . kernel boot . ramdisk . gz the two files are obviously self-explanatory . to extract the ramdisk , create a directory called ramdisk and from that directory , invoke this : gzip -dc | cpio -i , to recreate the directory structure that is used in the ramdisk which gets flipped over to the live file-system upon boot . in there , the file that is of pertinent information is init.rc . now that can be modified to your heart 's content . putting it back together go back up a directory level , and issue this - mkbootfs ***RAMDisk*** | gzip &gt; my_custom_ramdisk.gz . then , to " attach " the original kernel to the boot image , issue the following : mkbootimg -base 0x.... -kernel boot.kernel -ramdisk my_custom_ramdisk.gz -o my_custom_boot.img . at this point now , a boot image has been constructed , then that boot image will now have to be flashed via fastboot flash boot my_custom_boot.img . tl ; dr changes are lost upon re-boot because the script is not properly edited which required extracting the boot image and modifying it and re-packing it . once re-packed and then the boot image is re-flashed , the changes will be permanent . this is done every-time the changes are needed .
go and download the android sdk installer . when the sdk setup tool runs , you can select the usb drivers the drivers will be in &lt ; install_directory&gt ; extras\google\usb_driver find the android_winusb . inf and right click it click install if right click -> install does not work , then try the following start menu -> right click computer -> click properties click device manager ( on the left ) find the device in the hardware list , will probably have a " warning icon " right click the item and select update driver software select browse my computer for driver software select the usb driver directory noted above check include subfolders click next finished . . . your device should now have usable drivers so you can mount the sdcard . for reference , the android sdk documents also has a page with links to many of the different oem drivers too .
settings > > accounts and sync > > add account > > facebook enter your facebook info check the sync contacts checkbox
android , starting from 4.0 , does officially support a form of p2p wifi networking called wifi direct . a wifi direct-capable device can create an access point which any other wifi-capable device can access . i do not know about nexus 7 specifically , but galaxy nexus does support wifi direct so i would presume that so is nexus 7 .
i am afraid that what you want to do is not possible . you can come close by using eds on the phone , but your computer will not be able to read the files directly . truecrypt will be able to decrypt the containers , but i think you might have some problems with handsets using mtp rather than usb mass storage . essentially what you want is for android to support the " secure " part of " secure digital " . what you want to do is built into the sd card spec , where a password can be set on the card and can then only be read on that device . for instance , the samsung focus wp7 handset locked sd cards to it , and these were not readable in other devices . most devices simply saw the cards as unreadable , not even able to format them . only symbian handsets seemed to be able to recognise these cards were locked to a handset and were able to format these cards , but not read the data that was on them .
if your phone is rooted you can use link2sd : play store link home page but you will have to partition your sd card first using mini tool partition wizard and here 's the tutorial on how to partition your sd card this can move immovable and -of course- movable apps more efficiently than app2sd and saves more space because normal moving moves a small part of the app to sd card , while link2sd moves a big part of the app ( but not all of it ( user experience ) ) if your phone is not rooted : 1 . market apps : you can not know because market downloads apps and installs them instantly . 2 . apps which you have their apk you may find out by looking in the manifest . xml file inside the apk in android:installlocation="auto " as @rafael said .
separate widget app may be available in case when wigdet covers only a small subset of the main application functionality . however , for the weather app and weather app widget the main difference is the screen representation , the processing routines are almost the same . i am sorry to say , but it is very unlikely to find the weather application with the separate widget . moreover , with the froyo/eclair moving into the obsolescence quite steady and newer version of android having " unlimited " app storage in the range of 8-16gb , it is very unlikely the new developers will ever be inclined to make that kind of widget app .
you can do this by holding the power button + the home button simultaneously .
( 1 ) what are the non-google alternatives to gmail , talk , voice , maps , google calendar on the nexus one ? can not say specifically about nexus one , but the stock android platform does not come with google-branded apps ; so , yes , it is possible for the phone to live without google . however , imo if you are using android and avoiding google 's services , you are missing a lot . the stock email application can sync to gmail or other mail services through imap and pop . however , just like syncing gmail from desktop through thunderbird/outlook , you will not be able to use the unique gmail features , like priority inbox , archival , labeling , etc . applications that uses cloud to device messaging ( a . k.a. push-to-device ) requires a google account . without c2dm , applications would have to poll their servers periodically , therefore draining the battery . there are alternative implementations c2dm that does not connect to google 's servers , however most programs are not designed for those alternative implementations and may have problems . google 's android market is the largest android market place . needless to say , you will not be able to download as much apps as easily if you avoid google 's android market . google maps and navigations can be replaced by , e.g. waze , navdroyd , ndrive , rmaps , etc . i do not think there is a good replacement for streetview , however . there are certainly replacements for google calendar , however , i have not used any of them , so i cannot comment on how good they are . ( 2 ) do they really perform as fast as the " native " google apps/services ? yes , if we are to believe google 's words , none of the google 's apps use any " hidden " android apis that could magically cause their software to outperform other applications . however , because google is google , google 's own apps typically have the best integration to the android platform and 3rd party programs typically would prefer to integrate their own apps with google 's applications . also , since nexus one is a " pure google experience " phone , this means rooting and installing custom roms on a nexus one is among the easiest from all android devices .
there are quite a few replacement dialer apps in the market - just search for ' dialer ' . there are quite a few , both paid and free . i have only tried one ( dialer one ) just to confirm that it can indeed replace the default dialer , but i do not think it is sensible to go into any particular dialer 's merits here .
first , i would start by ensuring that the apn settings are correct . a different sim card from another carrier could have overwritten them . you can access these by going to Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Wireless &amp; networks -&gt; Mobile networks -&gt; Access Point Names and then tapping on the selected one to edit it . the correct settings are sometimes listed on your carrier 's website . at worst you may need to call their support line . while you are there , make sure under " network operators " option your provider is selected . after making the changes toggle the airplane mode on and off to re-connect to the mobile network . try dialing the following number in the dialer app : *#*#2432546#*#* ( spells out " checkin " between the stars and pounds ) and see what it comes back with .
instant upload is a feature of google+ , which uploads the photos you take with your camera to a private photo folder on google+ for easy sharing . this option allows you to enable/disable this feature , but it can also be controlled from other google apps like google+ and google settings . more info sync internet means syncing your browser history , bookmarks , form input data and other settings on chrome . this requires that you use the same google account on all instances of chrome that you want to sync . i am not certain if this feature syncs the data also to the stock browser , but it is possible .
not sure why that happened , but i got rid of the problem by making 2 things : performed full format of the sd card , and safely eject sd card before reboot of poweroff ( not sure if it is necessary ) after that , i did not see this problem again for now . update that crappy phone sometimes damages sd card content regardless of whether the techniques written above are used . . . it seems to be a device-specific problem . so , my advice ( if anyone else reads this ) - do not buy " no-name " chinese phones ! :d
if the displayed detailed would be complete , you had be correct : 1.28g + 7.28g + 200k + 282m + 762m = 9.6 gb total space -- while the summary says 13.24g . explanation is easy : the details list is not complete . it e.g. misses cache , temporary files , log files , tombstones , and probably some more . where to find those ? in the file system , and for completeness this requires root . for some more details , please take a look at corresponding questions by following the tags internal-memory and storage . a good source to start with is the question something is secretly eating up my tablet memory and i need help finding it .
i do not believe this is a hardware limitation , but just the way the phone 's manufacturer chose to implement the battery reporting code . my droid 2 also only showed by 10% increments . however , on my current setup i am using the Circle Battery Widget available on the market and it displays the percentage in 1% increments .
the issue is not with your device but with the wireless provider . that is the typical behavior when connecting to a defective hotspot , either over capacity or just a tad too far for a reliable connection . . . sadly there is nothing you can do about it . it happens a lot to bt hotspots in the uk , in london most of them are overloaded during working hours .
found it . there is a direct dial widget you can add from the applications/widgets menu . when you select this , it prompts you to choose a contact . there are also shortcut widgets for direct message , open contact , etc .
you google apps will work exactly the same as before ; either they will be prepackaged with cm or you will download an update pack that will install them for you . battery/radio/gps issues are mostly related to specific hardware . you had have to check the cm forums and wiki for your phone model to answer that one . compatibility is an issue for some apps , but in the vast majority of cases the answer to this will be no ( and in fact , some apps are compatible with cm but not with stock roms ) . you can most definitely still use the phone to develop apps : ) the nice thing with flashing a new rom is that you can go back to the stock experience anytime you like , either by making a backup or downloading the stock rom and keeping it around to flash later if you want it . so you are not really risking anything except some time invested in fiddling the roms .
i think you are saying you want the pc to be the host for the usb hub ( so that it can connect to your phone ) but for the phone to also be the host for the usb hub ( so that it can connect to this other device ) . no , that will not work . usb connections are based on a tree structure . given this : PC----Hub----OtherDevice | | Phone  Phone can not be the parent of OtherDevice unless it is also the parent of Hub and therefore the PC . you should connect the phone directly to the other device , and access the phone over the network from the pc as ryan says in his answer .
the media scanner " indexes " the music , videos , images , etc on the sdcard so other apps do not have to scan the entire sdcard to know about them . another feature that uses this is the ringtones/notifications , if it does not scan , you will only be able to select the ringtones/notifications that are located on the device , not ones that are on the sdcard . you can prevent media scanner from indexing a specific folder by creating a file called " . nomedia " in the folder you want ignored . i do not believe that this file is recursive though , so if there are sub-folders , and you dont want them scanned , you would have to create it there too .
do not worry , you have a few options ! option one : ( i do not have an n7 anymore , so i do not remember if it supports adb push in twrp . but i think it does ) boot into twrp and use adb to push the file from your computer to your device . you can try to open a windows cmd prompt or linux terminal emulator , navigate to the local file , then do the following : adb push AOSP-4.3-JWR66V-grouper-rooted_Androguide.zip /sdcard/ this will push the file to the /sdcard/ directory - which should exist already ( even on a nexus device ) . option two : boot the device to fastboot/bootloader mode and flash any of the factory system images via the fastboot tool . because using fastboot can be intimidating . you could also use the nexus 7 toolkit to automate the process . this will put stock android back on your device , and will also remove twrp . fortunately , you can use the toolkit or fastboot to reinstall twrp immediately afterward .
it was added in a recent update as a pro-only feature . Edit schedule -&gt; when finished -&gt; Sync to Dropbox 
if it is a supported device , then this should basically be the process as it is the same for every supported device i have experienced . put the cyanogenmod update zip file on the device sdcard ( or internal storage ) also put the google apps update package that corresponds to the cm version on the sdcard boot the device in to recovery mode you can create a backup in the recovery image ( probably clockworkmod recovery ) clear the cache and wipe the data install zip from sdcard ( selecting the cyanogenmod zip ) install zip from sdcard ( selecting the google apps zip ) reboot the device . if you have rom manager , a lot of this process may even be easier . with rom manager , which can also install clockworkmod recovery if it is supported on the device , you can download cyanogenmod , the google apps package , clear the cache and user data , and perform the backup . it will then reboot the device and perform all those steps . now , as i said , i am not 100% sure that cm is supported on this device , so there may be other steps required to get an unofficial version working on the device . with that said , samsung devices are usually pretty easy to get back to the stock version if something goes wrong ( soft brick ) . it is pretty hard to brick these devices , i have had a couple scares , but i have always been able to revert back to original stock rom by using odin .
the problem here is that adb forwarding attaches itself to the local loopback interface ( 127.0.0.1 ) , and you have no forwarding from the lan interface ( 192.168.43.198 ) to the loopback interface . the method you can use to achieve this depends on your platform . i do not know what you could use in windows , but on linux you can use rinetd and on osx you can use ipfw linux : add the following lines to your /etc/rinetd.conf: # bindaddress bindport connectaddress connectport 192.168.43.198 40000 127.0.0.1 40000  then restart rinetd with service rinetd restart or /etc/init.d/rinetd restart . osx : ipfw add fwd 127.0.0.1,40000 tcp from any to 192.168.43.198 dst-port 40000 
i would try ( volume down + power button ) . you need to press them at the exact same time , otherwise it will not work . also make sure you hold it down for a few seconds .
from your situation , the most likely cause is that the message centre is not set correctly . first , find out the correct setting from your carrier : it is probably on their website , or you can phone their support line and ask . once you know the correct setting , find the message centre option in the settings for the stock sms app , and set it correctly .
hurrey ! after quite a bit of research i am now able to answer my own question . i was able to clean install jelly bean ( in opposite to the usual method of upgrading ) using official images posted by google . this obviously solved the issue . here are my instructions how to do this .
an app like root firewall ( needs root ) should work . ☆ block internet access for any apps :
depending on the device ( and root method ) , the su binary ( which gives your device root ) is usually located in /system/xbin/ or /system/bin/ directory , while the Superuser.apk ( which acts as a gate keeper , presenting you with a dialog when apps request root permissions ) is always in /system/app/ . the /system partition does not get cleared by the factory reset process , so it is safe to perform while still retaining root .
version 1.0.7 is significantly larger than previous versions . even after moving to the sd card i am showing 14.5mb taking up system storage . that'll account for your 2mb reduction in space . google generally has not allowed for their apps to be moved to the sd card , presumably so they can be sure widgets will work or other performance considerations . however , since this version weighs in at over 24mb i guess their hand was forced .
am start -a android.intent.action.MAIN -c android.intent.category.HOME  more info about shell commands : an archived version of the androidwiki page
short answer : for security and warranty reasons . detailed answer : this is mostly a precaution taken by most ( not all ! ) device manufacturers to save them from too many service requests from " playing kiddies " ( and the sort of people who want to try everything , even if they are not understanding anything ) . so those manufacturers took special actions to avoid " custom roms " ( or , more precisely , any roms not provided by themselves ) to be flashed . as t0mm13b already pointed out in his comments above , by default you do not get physical access to your devices file system simply by connecting it via usb . depending on device , android version , and some more criteria , you get only to see parts . this might be the entire sd card ( physical , in ums mode ) , or even only " logical " access to parts of it via mtp . some more privileged access can be gained via adb when enabling usb debug -- but with a stock rom , in none of these cases you gain full access . now how are updates accomplished then ? one very common practice is the use of a special zip file ( update.zip ) . this is placed on the sd card , which is inserted into the device , and the device is booted into a special mode ( recovery ) , where the update.zip can be applied from . but : the device checks the integrity of that update.zip -- it must be signed with the manufacturers key . for obvious reasons , that key is not freely available -- so no custom rom can be installed this way on such a stock system . all these things can be circumvented only with super-user access to the device -- which means : you must root it . so that is for the why part -- while not handling the how part of rooting . exactly as you asked for : ) update for even more details as liam pointed out in his comment that using fastboot would be a method to flash custom roms without the pre-condition of having the device rooted , i did a little more research to find out about this . i will continue looking into this , but still already wanted to add my first results here . up to a certain point , liam is right with this : it seems not only valid to samsung devices ( as i assumed first ) , but some other devices ( not all ) also support this method , without root being involved ( aside from the fact that most custom roms will ship rooted , of course -- so you will have root available after installing them ) . however , there are devices which seem to require root even for fastboot flash ( see e.g. theunlockr concerning the iconia a100 , quote : you must have rooted your device before doing this procedure . -- and yes , they use fastboot flash recovery recovery.img afterwards ) . however , even if fastboot works for your unrooted device , there is one crucial point to consider : to flash a rom for your android device with fastboot you must have an unlocked bootloader or an engineering bootloader ( flashing guide - android - xda-developers ) which means : if your bootloader is locked , you need to unlock it first , which will wipe ( factory-reset ) your device . so all data will be gone for good this way -- while with root you could have done a complete backup ( nandroid , titanium backup ) before this step . however , starting with android 4.0 , this is no longer a real problem -- as you can do a full backup via adb ( see : full backup of non-rooted devices ) summary : there are devices requiring to be rooted before you can flash a custom rom . if your device falls into this category , the reasons for why is root access required to flash a custom rom are those mentioned above . however : there are also devices which can be flashed using fastboot without being rooted before . if your device falls into that category , the question why is root access required to flash a custom rom becomes invalid ( the answer not , as ex falso quodlibet sequitur ( "from false can follow anything" ) you can draw any conclusion from a wrong premise : ) that is : if rooting is required , the above is why .
everything seems to be working fine now . even before the upgrade , it worked intermittently . but since the upgrade , it seems to be solid . running version 2.3.2 .
try actually pasting it . you could try the often-built-in memo app , gmail , email , or something like docs to go if you want to save it .
google offers a tutorial on how to delete auto backups on their support site : how to delete auto backups
try looking at a black picture in the dark . with amoled the picture should be pure black . with slcd you should see the backlight making the picture look greyish .
below is the output of " df -h -a " command on my nook color running cyanogenmod 7.0 rom ( 2.3.3 ) which gives you a break-down of the mounted partitions : out of 8 gigabytes of internal memory ~500 mb is reserved for the rom itself ( /rom and /system ) , ~1.5 gb is for app storage ( /data and /cache ) , 5 gb is for data storage ( /mnt/emmc ) and another ~500mb reserved for other miscellaneous android operations . you can also see my 8gb sd card mounted on /mnt/sdcard . keep in mind that these partitions can be ( and usually are ) remapped based on the needs of a given rom . in terms of your question regarding apps from the market , there are some limitations that mostly depend on the type and version of the rom you are planning to run . the biggest concern the screen resolution and lcd density . several apps , including the market itself ( vending . apk ) are quite picky about how well ( or even if ) they will work properly . most common side-effect is apps displaying in a tiny window instead of properly scaling . most can be fixed by disabling compatibility mode in spare parts , but some ( e . g . google reader ) will only function with a certain lcd density that could be in conflict with other apps . keep in mind that most of the custom roms for nook color are works in progress , so expect to see better compatibility with all apps going forward . also , if rumors of froyo ( 2.2 ) update for the official nook color firmware are true , we could see better performance once the official display/video/audio/etc . driver upgrades are rolled into custom roms .
your ending question differs in a little but significant point from your introductionary question . but let 's go step by step : sure it is possible to install an older version of an app over an already installed newer version . for a user app : make sure you have permitted installation from unknown-sources ( see its tag-wiki for details ) open/launch the .apk file using a file manager , web browser , or similar the package installer should fire , asking you if you want to replace the installed app by this " older version " . but be aware that though installation most likely succeeds , the app might experience problems if the newer version e.g. had updated the structure of its database ( i had this only once yet , and the affected app just force-closed when trying to start it ) . if in such a case you insist on using the old version , the only way to make it work is to clear its cache and data . now to your final question . this is not just about installing an older version , but about signing it . yes , that can be done as well . you have simply got to ask the developer of the original app to give you his signing key . trouble is , his answer will ( and should ) be " no " . alternatively , you might give him the files and ask him to sign them with his key . assuming it is the manufacturer 's company behind it , the expected answer again is a " no " , though . so your real question rather reads : i have got an app already installed on my device . is it possible to install a different ( older ) version of it which has a different signature ­– without rooting and patching system with lucky patcher or previously uninstalling the newer version ? the answer is : no , that is not possible : signature check will fail , so you had have to uninstall the app first when using the " normal approach " as shown above overriding this signature check without root imho is not possible changing the signature to match imho is not possible unless you have got the developers key
for all that they have improved the facebook app for android lately , it is still woefully underpowered . i do not see any way to filter anything within the app .
problem solved . at the end i saw that drivers for android were not installed . i installed drivers from this site http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2126036 and device is visible by fastboot . one thing i do not understand is why adb saw device and fastboot not .
i have not tried it myself , but from what i am reading in forums , etc , apps organizer is a free app that does what you are looking for . when you select an app in a folder , it closes the folder . edit : update - i just tried out apps organizer . it does close the folder when you select something . the only problem is that it appears to only allow app shortcuts - not bookmarks , widgets , etc . there appear to be other apps ( folder organizer ) that are able to hold bookmarks , however .
lifehacker suggests an app called ssh tunnel : ssh tunnel is an app that allows an android phone to connect to the internet using an ssh tunnel for a completely secure connection . it is great for those times when you have got no data signal , stuck at work or a coffee shop that only has public wi-fi available , and you need to be sure that nobody is snooping your sensitive personal information as you connect to sites .
just figured this one out having had the same problem myself ( htc desire hd , android 2.2 ) . . . . from the " all messages " view , press the menu button . a " drafts " icon appears ( a floppy disk icon ) - press that , and it takes you to a view of all your drafts . press and hold a draft message to view/delete or press the menu button again and select delete drafts to go to a view where you can bulk mark the drafts you want to delete . hope that helps !
i will answer my own question in the hope in helps others : i just had to reboot my device , and now when i start kindle the mobi files which i had copied to the kindle folder are present in the main screen . so obviously the kindle application must be restarted when you add ebooks to its folder ( without downloading them via the kindle store ) . update added the kindle folder : /sdcard/kindle  force closing and/or clearing the data , does not bring up an epub file i just copied to the folder . will let you know after some more testing . update 2 for those interested : the calibre software , can convert any e-book between numerous formats ( including epb and mobi ) . so , if the epub format is not recognized , just convert it to mobi and use the converted file .
if you do not mind paying a few bucks , i highly recommend tasker . this automation utility allows you to set up many built-in ( and some 3rd-party app ) android actions based on various parameters , including time of day . in tasker you will need to create 2 separate profiles , and to each add 2 actions . 1st action will be identical in both profiles - disabling the auto brightness . second one will be similar - a time-based action to change the display brightness , with time of day and brightness level being the differences . start tasker and tap the + button on the bottom o the main screen to create a new profile . give it a descriptive name , such as " brightness down " for example . choose the " time " context on the presented menu . for the " from:" option select the time of day you wish to have brightness lowered . un-check the " to:" option , and tap the green " accept " button . on the " task selection " dialog tap the " new task " button and name it " lower screen brightness " and tap the " accept " button . tap the "+" button to add an action , select " display " category , select the " auto brightness " action , select the " off " option on the " set " drop-down , and press the green " accept " button . tap the "+" button to add another action , select " display " category , elect the " display brightness " action , set the desirable low level ( 20 being the lowest recommended setting ) , ensure that both " ignore current level " and " immediate effect " options are checked , and tap the green " accept " button . tap the green " accept " button on the " task edit / . . . " screen . on the main screen tap the " brightness down " profile once , then tap on its wrench button , and select the " clone " option . tap the newly-cloned profile , tap its wrench button , select the " rename " option and name it " brightness up " . tap on the clock icon , select the " edit " option , change the " from:" time to the time of day when you had like brightness increased , and tap the green " accept " button . now tap on the task itself ( name you gave it in step 5 ) , select " rename " option , name it " increase screen brightness " , and tap the green " accept " button . tap the task again , and select the " edit " option . tap on the " display brightness " action , set the level to a higher setting , and tap the green " accept " button . tap the green " accept " button on the " task edit / . . . " screen . ensure that on the main screen , the button on bottom-right reads " on " , and exit the tasker app . you should now be all set .
first , make sure the apn settings on your phone are correct for your carrier . next , try cleaning the sim card 's and phone 's contacts . you should also try a different sim to rule out a broken card ( also try your current sim in a different phone . ) if the problem persists - then it is most likely a hardware issue with the phone 's sim card connector . you may want to get in touch with samsung to send the phone in for service . the sim card contacts on the phones are notoriously fragile , and can be easily damaged by using an adapter ( micro-to-nano for example ) that is either defective or simply improperly manufactured . if the adapter is not an exact fit , the contacts can get " caught " in the gap and bend or even break off during removal . it is possible this is what happened to the previous owner of your galaxy s4 . this type of damage is usually not covered by manufacturer 's warranty , but it will not hurt to try anyway . worst case - there are sim housing kits available for sale for the galaxy s4 , and ste-by-step replacement instructions on youtube . it is fairly easy to replace this module on your own .
after reading the comment , i spotted the error . . . anirudh@kat ~/downloads/mkboot $ . /unpack-bootimg . pl /home/anirudh/downloads/boot . img-tools/source_img/boot . img kernel written to /home/anirudh/downloads/boot . img-tools/source_img/boot . img-kernel . gz ramdisk written to /home/anirudh/downloads/boot . img-tools/source_img/boot . img-ramdisk . cpio . gz gzip : . . //home/anirudh/downloads/boot . img-tools/source_img/boot . img-ramdisk . cpio . gz : no such file or directory cpio : premature end of archive extracted ramdisk contents to directory /home/anirudh/downloads/boot . img-tools/source_img/boot . img-ramdisk/ for the boot.img-ramdisk.cpio.gz - this needs special handling . . . try this : gzip -dc boot.img-ramdisk.cpio.gz | cpio -i  the way to do it is after unpacking the boot.img , create a directory called something like ramdisk , go into that directory and use gzip -dc ../boot.img-ramdisk.cpio.gz | cpio -i , the reason is , to organize the structure and files with minimum clutter . gzip decompresses the ramdisk archive to stdout , pipe it into cpio with the -i switch to read from stdin and it will correctly extract the data . to do the reverse , say after making a change here and there within the ramdisk directory : mkbootfs ramdisk/ | gzip &gt; my_new_ramdisk.gz 
google now has a device manager as part of google services where you can do a remote wipe : https://www.google.com/android/devicemanager at least put a pin lock on your device so that it will be harder to access . do not enable developer options / keep adb on all the time .
there is currently no way to set a system-wide policy for this . some apps do support doing things on wifi only , however . here 's some info on the apps you mentioned : you can go into the browser settings and uncheck load images . gmail does not load images unless you view a message and click a button to display them . i believe the touiteur twitter client allows you to disable images .
from the home screen go to settings > applications > manage applications > all > market then choose " clear data . " this will erase your market search history . when you go back into the market it'll be like your first time . they will ask you to agree to the terms and condition again and then it'll be just like it was before without your search history . your app downloads and purchases list will still be there because that list is stored online in your google account .
this appears to have been added in v6.2.2 of the kindle fire 's system firmware . i updated today and there is now a fullscreen button at the far right of the bottom menu bar in the stock browser . pressing it hides the menu bar , the status bar , and the tab bar .
i finally got it to work ! google . com ( and other websites ) refuse requests from hosts that does not have the date properly set on their device . at the first startup , i did not bother setting the date on my tablet ( on ios it sets automatically ) . after manually setting the tablet 's date and time , the error page is gone and i have access to all the google apps . edit . according to izzy , it was chrome itself that refused the connection , possibly because the certificate dates were not matching .
[SMS/MMS/APN] Dialer Storage 2.2 .
this is an account for syncing via syncml , a protocol used by ( e . g . ) funambol . in a test , i have already managed to sync some events using syncevolution as http-server , but currently i am not sure , wether ssl connections work as well . ( i have even started a question on that topic . )
not quite , no . when you uninstall a package , it also removes other data to do with that package : for example , the app 's own private data , its data on the sd card , your default preferences for that app . it also tells any other interested apps that you have removed the app , via an intent broadcast . other apps receiving that broadcast might take further action based on that : for example , a launcher ( home screen app ) would remove desktop shortcuts and widgets from that app , since they will not work any more . when a package is upgraded ( that is , replaced with a new apk file with the same package name and a later version code ) , the old version is stopped , so that nothing from the app is running any more . the old apk file is removed and the new one replaces it , but the other uninstall actions are not performed : the private app data and default preferences are kept , and the uninstall broadcast is not sent . instead , a different intent is broadcast to tell any interested apps that the package has been updated . so while the old apk file is removed , the effect of an upgrade is quite different to uninstalling the old package and then installing the new one . in google play the situation can be a bit different if the developer has enabled delta updates ( called smart updates by google ) . in a delta update only the changes between the two versions are downloaded and applied to the existing apk . for example , if you have an app that is 15mb in size , and the developer decides to change the background image , you do not need to download the entire application again , you can just download the delta ( difference ) , which includes the new image . the old apk is then duplicated , the new content is injected to the copy of the old apk , and if successful the old apk is removed . the end result is the updated apk .
tasker can switch on/off the lock screen and can trigger events based on the orientation of your phone . so you could set up an event in tasker that enabled the lock screen when your phone is oriented vertically but upside down , then always place your phone in your pocket that way up .
this allows you to obtain and run an application ( i.e. . the . apk file ) from sources other than the android market . ( i.e. . you get it from a download from a developer 's site , from an email , etc . ) . that is it . edit : once you enable unknown sources this post covers the rest : how can i install an app given only its apk file ? .
this mechanism is described at the android developers site as follows : zipalign is an archive alignment tool that provides important optimization to android application ( . apk ) files . the purpose is to ensure that all uncompressed data starts with a particular alignment relative to the start of the file . specifically , it causes all uncompressed data within the . apk , such as images or raw files , to be aligned on 4-byte boundaries . this allows all portions to be accessed directly with mmap ( ) even if they contain binary data with alignment restrictions . the benefit is a reduction in the amount of ram consumed when running the application . in short : .apk content can be easier/faster/more optimal accessed due to the order of data inside the packed file . for deeper information , there is a " complete guide " available at addictivetips : what is zipalign in android and how to make apps zipaligned , which answers the second part of your question : quite understandably , situation would be reserved for unaligned application packages . resource reading would be slow and memory usage would be on the higher end of the spectrum . it would also depend on how many unaligned applications are present . for example , if less number of applications with an unaligned home application , you’d see slower application launch times . this is the best case scenario . for a worst case scenario , having a number of unaligned applications will result in the system repeatedly starting and killing processes , struggling with lags and huge battery drain .
i have heard from various sources that facebook ( and other companies , frankly ) do track geo-locations for various purposes , the first and foremost being that they want to serve you ads that you usually see around the web . i have also seen that they really do snoop around a lot ( on all of your devices , and yes , even without an account ) , so geo-locations are probably just the tip of the iceberg . you might want to check your privacy settings for facebook just to see what data is being collected . if you are tired of facebook eating up the storage on your mom 's phone , uninstalling should take care of that . of course , if you want your mom to be out of facebook 's peering eyes , good luck , because you really can never escape facebook trackers unless you suspend yourself from technology . hope this helped .
according to this thread on blenderartists , sensor size is 4.54 × 3.42 mm and focal length is 3.7mm , which gives a crop factor of 7.7 and a 35mm-equiv . focal length of 28.5 mm . be careful to check if the video is cropped in comparison to the still images , reducing the effective sensor size .
no , there does not appear to be a way to clear the notifications short of visiting the item so it is no longer new . the android facebook app has a lot of deficits . it is still head-and-shoulders better than the previous version , though .
odin is samsung-only , you are right . ( and as far as i know it is not for all samsung phones either , though i could be wrong on that . ) since heimdall is , as far as i know , just an unofficial port of odin i would assume it is the same , but i have never used it . odin3 has a " dump " function that i had never used . it seems to be disabled in v1.8x and v1.7 , but not in v1.52 . i just tried it in v1.52 and it did not work . you hit the dump checkmark under Option , select an output file via the dump button under File [Dump] , then hit start . odin will say " onenand dump start " or similar as it backs up the device . it only backed up 1 kb of something before halting , though . odin just sat there without giving an error message . you might have different results with a different device ( i have a vibrant ) . i am also wondering whether my ext4 lagfix might be affecting this . perhaps later i will flash to stock 2.1 and try again . edit : no change on stock 2.1 jfd .
just wanted to update this in case anyone else cares . this and many other streaming audio issues seem fixed in the latest ota : 3.70.651.1
it is the most frequently used apps while the earphones are plugged in . just open the app you want to show up 4 or 5 times in a row while the page buddy is active ( earphones plugged in ) and it will show up in the recommended apps . repeat for the next 3 apps you want to show . there is usually 4 recommended apps . this goes for all of the page buddy pages , earphones , docking , roaming , and spen ( on supported devices ) .
install a sensor app like androsens or androsensor . they both are able to show you the proximity information . note : the sensor only distinguishes between near and far proximity ( 0-5cm and > =5cm usually ) . it is ok that you will not get accurate distance measurements .
switch the sim , answer no when whatsapp asks you to switch numbers . ref : stackexchange-url if you switch sim after installing whatsapp , you are good to go with the old number . the servers " save " your activation phone number during that initial sms . i tested it on my own phone ( it is a gingerbread p1000n - all hail the venerable p1000 ) with a borrowed sim card , the app just kept sending messages with my old phone number . whatsapp did not ask to switch numbers . there is a " change number " setting . if you reinstall the app while switching sim , then you have to restart and get a new number . about what is usually done when travelling , i can say from the world cup visitors we received , several just bought a new temporary sim card after arriving here in brazil . the local phone companies even set up special and attractive prepaid plans for the football fans . ymmv anyway , and you should check your home carrier overseas fees and the local fares . usually you can get a better deal buying a trowaway sim . here in brazil we even do it when traveling to another state . if you want to keep your number and still enjoy the reduced local mobile internet fees , you can try and get any old android device that can do tethering ( or buy a unlocked mobile hotspot ) , and then insert the other sim into that device , then tether the internet to your main phone using the old phone as a mobile hotspot . just turn off data and use wi-fi . on verizon 's global ( not really global ) plan , i urge you to read what peter shankman wrote of his personal experiences with that . my advice , is : do not . or if you do , monitor closely your fees .
for galaxy nexus these are different builds : takju : devices sold through the play store in the us . contains the google wallet aplication . yakju : devices sold through google outside the us . yakjuxw : devices sold by samsung . if you buy yakjuxw i would recommend that you update to yakju with factory images provided by google . this way you will get the updates in time . i was not aware that there are similar builds for the nexus 7 .
without root : no , for security reasons this command is only accessible for the superuser . standard firmware , rooted : yes , if the partition you like to remount is not in a locked flash region ( htc calls that s-on/s-off )
your mention of ' reset ' is a little unclear , if it is : you did a reboot and it is still broken : it might be broken settings , but that is not easy to debug and fix manually backup via recovery first ! do a wipe dalvik cache via recovery else , reinstall your current rom and google apps , maybe this helps see what adb logcat outputs during boot/runtime , maybe this sheds some light ( hacky , via adb shell ) you can also forcibly rename /system/app/phone . apk to phone . apk . off and reboot , then do a backup of all needed stuff and then reinstall your rom and gapps if all that does not help , consider wiping . titanium backup pro allows extracting backups from your saved nandroid dump ( from step 1 ) fully wiped and still not better : has to be something different than settings , either a faulty rom or a hardware issue backup via recovery first ! install cm7.2 ( see last sentence ) , wipe cache and dalvik cache via recovery ps : cm7.2 is out since june 16 , 2012 .
there is a bluetooth connect and play app that can intercept the incoming " play " command . while it was originally designed to let you start a specific music app playing when a specific bluetooth device connects , you can instead select " stop music from playing " to keep any app from starting when the car connects .
here are some options you can try : remove your google account and adding it back . source clear app data via Settings &gt; Application manager &gt; Calendar Storage &gt; Clear data . source . update 2013-05-15: this worked for l0b0
i got it back . for answer check the xda forum with same question . . anybody in same condition . . please visit the link . .
how about this ? information from here
you can obtain the apks for flash for all versions of android directly from adobe in their old version archives . http://helpx.adobe.com/flash-player/kb/archived-flash-player-versions.html scroll down a bit and you will find " flash player for android 4.0 archives " and " flash player for android 2 . x and 3 . x archives " . these include the last versions of each released before abode dropped flash for android .
my first instinct is to say the partitions are messed up . i would try using the " shipped rom " from here and re-partitioning via odin . i found the . pit file here .
developers can choose to target specific devices or not . presumably these apps are either limited to devices that are known to work , or have blacklisted the galaxy player due to incompatibility . another option is that some apps might be available only while connected to a cell network or a particular cell network . there are some at and t apps that are only available to those on at and t , for example , and i imagine this might be more broadly the case . here are some workarounds : get the app via another ( legitimate ) means , possibly the developer 's site or another app market . use an app like marketenabler ( requires root ) to fake a different network . edit your /system/build.prop file to report your device as a different device . only edit the device name and versions and so on , not other settings , or your device may stop working ! you should be able to google the various fields for other devices and see what to use if you want to mimic one . note that doing 2 or 3 in order to circumvent distribution controls may not be legal in your region . the onus is on you to ensure you are acting legally . i am not a lawyer and this is not legal advice . etc .
yes , you actually can do this . it is kind of kludgy looking when you inspect the clipboard , but it works just fine . first off , you can inspect the current clipboard contents with service call clipboard 1 from an adb shell ( or , without shelling in first , adb shell service call clipboard 1 ) . it may start out initially blank after a reboot , for example : you can put text into the clipboard using service call clipboard 2 , which basically takes 3 parameters - two ints and the string you want to put on the clipboard : # service call clipboard 2 i32 1 i32 0 s16 "Hi there" Result: Parcel(00000000 '....')  to be honest , i am not sure what the first two parameters are . one answer on stack overflow has suggested the first int is " number of items in the parcel " ( one in this case ) and that the second is the length of the string . however , i have used 0 for the second parameter and it works fine , and i can not find any documentation that matches up with this particular function . . . so take that for what it is worth . in any case , it is basically creating a parcel object with 3 fields , then passing it into the clipboard . the clipboard then unpacks the parcel and sets the string value passed in as the clipboard 's contents . you can see this when you go to retrieve the value afterwards : similarly , if you long-press on a text entry field and hit " paste " after doing this , you will get the text that was set via the call service clipboard 2 line above ( and it will look completely normal ) . ( the above examples come from my htc evo , running cyanogenmod 7 )
so , as said , i had tried everything , refresh included , the international code for my number and all contacts numbers , everything . the problem was much more idiot : my friend finally told me that the number connected to whatsapp was the old one . as it was associated to the email , it was not letting the new number appear . something like that . i still do not understand how this is possible , i mean , somebody uses whatsapp with a number , then changes number but not email , and start sending messages through the new number , but does not appear with that number because the email is registered with the old number ? crazy . how can then this person send messages from the new number ? complicated . anyway . thanks : )
the icon that is displayed on the action bar is called a favicon . it is a low resolution ( usually 16x16 ) icon made to be displayed next to the name in a bookmark bar . android understandably does not use this as it would look hideous on your homescreen . for a website 's icon to show up they need to add another icon : the apple-touch-icon . this one was meant to be used as an icon on the homescreen . originally for idevices , but android adapted it . unfortunately i am not aware of a way to add an icon yourself if the site does not supply it .
while in this case it turned out to be a carrier issue ( and solved on the carrier 's end , see this comment ) , in other cases one of the test menus might prove helpful . for a starter , you can find a lot of " secret codes " in this list for the sgs , together with a short explanation . but use them on your own risk : )
first , look at which apps are runnng ( including services ) . then use titanium backup to freeze on of those apps ( exclude regular system apps/services , unless you have determined nothing else is the culprit ) and see if your problem stops . if you have not found the offender , un-freeze and try another .
have you tried a file explorer like es file explorer or my files , which comes with later versions of android ? if go to the download folder is the half file present ? a completely downloaded file will present a long list of options if you long press the file , allowing you to cut/copy/rename/delete . possibly it will also appear on a halfway complete download to allow you to delete . then revisit the gmail message to restart the download if you want . remember that the target folder might have been specified other than the download folder . good luck .
a quick google search leads me to believe that the device in question is extremely osbscure . rooting it is probably possible , but almost definitely will not be easy . i was unable to find any methods for rooting it . a custom rom is almost entirely out of the question . i do not think there are any custom roms compatible with the device at all . additionally , i do not think there are any custom recovery options available to you at all . i would say that unless you are very experienced with treading where none have tread before for the device - gaining root manually , hacking , compiling kernels , compiling roms for the device - you are more or less out of luck . anyone feel free to correct me if i am wrong .
the web market and the honeycomb tablet market app now have a whole set of pages listing the " top x apps " for a whole set of definitions of " top " . i can not see any way to get to all of these categories in the current gingerbread phone version of the market app , presumably they have less screen room to show all of these different views . here are some direct links to the web market 's pages , if you are on a tablet most of these should show up as links on the market app 's home page : apps top free apps top paid apps top grossing apps ( see this question regarding confusion over what defines " top grossing" ) top new free apps top new paid apps games top free games top paid games top grossing games top new free games top new paid games apps and games combined editors ' choice trending apps to directly answer your question i would guess that most of the " famous " and " must-have " apps and games would show up in the " trending " and " editors ' choice " areas .
since android does not really have control or alt , you might be able to get a virtual keyboard with them but i very much doubt there is a device with them on a physical keyboard . your best bet is a shell with support for these keys . terminal emulator does ctrl+key by holding volume down and pressing the key , for example .
afaik , android market shows the list of installed apps in chronological order . so the latest app you have installed should be on the top ( first ) of the list . the app that was installed before this - should be the second .
check the microphone . can you record yourself with the voice recorder app ? if not , i would suspect you damaged it somehow .
gameloft has been reluctant to publish on android market because of their own drm policies , but lately they have been changing their stance and putting more of their games on android market . ea has plenty of titles up for sale as well ( in europe , see ea netherlands ) . some other big names like id software and epic have mentioned a strong possibility of bringing ports to the likes of rage and unreal engine to android some time in the future as well . and then of course , there is zynga , if you are not getting enough spam from their apps on facebook .
the total of all the usage should always approximate 100% . that android ( the core ) is responsible for 79% of the entire drain is not anything to worry about , it just says that not much else was drawing power .
like on any os , although the app code itself is isolated in its own process container , it is possible for the app to trigger problems in the os itself or in the hardware . for example , if the crash you are seeing is caused by a hardware problem such as a damaged heatsink , then any heavy workload will make the hardware fail , and there is not much the os can do to stop that . the least reliable part of most operating systems is the drivers , so if there is a bug in ( say ) the gpu driver , that could make the kernel hang regardless of which process caused the situation that triggered the bug .
i figured it out myself . here 's how i fixed it : as it turns out , the message that says " too many unsent multimedia messages " actually means that there are too many unset multimedia messages ( who would have thought it ! ) . i went into the stock message client ( the one that came with the phone ) , clicked the menu button , and selected the " unsent " menu tab . then i clicked the menu button again , and selected the " delete " tab . then i just deleted all of the unsent messages . now it works fine . not sure why there was a limit on how many unsent messages there could be , and i am still not sure why it worked with the stock client , and handcent , but not go sms , but , now it works !
there is two ways of doing this : the intents used can be searched throughout the entire source of cm available on github , notably frameworks/base/core/res/AndroidManifest.xml and general grep ping of the source . adb shell dumpsys | grep "Action: \"android.intent.action" the second option is the easiest - from aosp here 's a list of the intents . . . the mileage will vary slightly with cm as that would have extras or omissions :
rooting the atrix 4g does only that - gives you elevated privileges on stock os . in order to be able to install a different recovery image and custom roms , the phone 's bootloader must be unlocked first . this is a fairly complicated process that carries the usual warnings and disclaimers of modifying phone software . it will most definitely void your warranty with at and t ( and possibly with motorola as well , ) so be very certain that your phone is either free of hardware defects , or out of warranty with your carrier before unlocking it . see this thread on xda-developers forum for further details and installation instructions .
if you are willing to use external hardware , one good option is an external hdmi capture card and a usb to hdmi cable . for example a Blackmagic Design : UltraStudio Mini Recorder is only $145 for an hd-sdi and hdmi thunderbolt device , and a micro usb to hdmi cable can go for as little as $10 . this way the recording does not affect the performance of your device or app . more expensive than an app on the device , but much more flexible .
P5110 is the galaxy tab 2 while P7510 is the original . the difference is that the newer ships with ics and has a different soc along with a slightly larger battery , while it is a lightly ticker . the P7510 came out almost a year ago . if you want future software upgrades the P5110 is a safer bet . see that datasheets for more info .
you would need a rooted device to do this . first browse the photos you want to download . now open any file explorer app like root explorer . navigate to /data/data/com.instagram.android/cache via root explorer . the files here would be named something like ccf3a266.0 , copy the file you want or entire folder and paste it on your sd card . now open these .0 files in your pc via a image viewer like irfanview . you can sort the files by size to determine large images . the .0 files are cahce files and some of these are essentially JPG image files and quality may depend upon your device i believe because it would download compressed image if the device screen/density is small . ( that is just a theory ) .
it is unlikely that any twitter app offers a way to do this . in general , intents are used to start an action that requires user interaction to complete , or at the very least ask you for confirmation . if an app offered a way to send a tweet automatically via an intent , it would also have to require the app sending the intent ( llama in this case ) to have a permission created by the app handling the intent ( the twitter app ) . otherwise , any app on the phone could send tweets without your knowledge or permission . llama would have to be written to ask for this permission , and since it is not , it would not be allowed to send the intent anyway . alternatively , it would be possible for the twitter app to offer such an intent , but ignore the intent unless it was sent by llama ( or better yet , using a configurable list of allowed apps ) . this is how many apps ' tasker integrations work . since this is a pretty niche need , i do not know whether you had be able to find an app that works this way . you might find that there is an app written this way specifically to act as a llama plugin .
this to me looks like something your provider has added in to stop you getting free tethering on your data plan . if you are rooted ( which i assume you are as you are using a tethering app ) , then you can attempt to freeze the app that is responsible for this , using an app freezer such as app quarantine root . if it is not an app , then it may be part of the rom directly , in which case you would have to install a custom rom such as cyanogenmod . you should look at forums such as xda-developers to find a rom for your device . using a custom rom will definitely remove the message .
if you see " join latitude " then your latitude options are already " off " . if you also now see " location sharing is not turned on " , then your account is not set up to share the location information and it will not be sharing the information . if you do not already , turn off wifi and gps when you are not using them , mpas will be less likely to try and get " pin point " information if you do not have these running .
so the problem was : market and market updater were not signed by the same key , no idea why . as a result , the market was not able to send an intent to a receiver in the market updater that was protected by a signature-level permission . here 's what i have done . i took marketupdater . apk from the device . i took it apart with apktool: apktool d -s MarketUpdater.apk mu  i then opened the androidmanifest . xml . i changed the package attribute under &lt;manifest&gt; to package="com.android.vending.updateralt"  that was to avoid a name clash with the vanilla market updater app . changed the &lt;receiver&gt; element 's header to this : &lt;receiver android:name="com.android.vending.updater.UpdateMarketReceiver"&gt;  see - no permission attribute . no longer requiring that the intent sender is signed by the same certificate . spelling out the java package name in android:name was necessary , since the apk package name no longer matched the java package name of the class . i then packaged the apk back : apktool b mu MarketUpdaterAlt.apk  i signed the apk , using the jarsigner tool , with an arbitrary key that i had from another project : uploaded the apk to /system/app , registered with pm: adb push MarketUpdaterAlt.apk /system/app adb shell pm install -r /system/app/MarketUpdaterAlt.apk  and forced a market self-update . removed the preferences file : adb shell rm /data/data/com.android.vending/shared_prefs/*  then restarted the market , waited for five minutes , and closed the market . the update went through like a charm . now i have market 2.3.6 , in-app billing and all . good thing the permission-based coupling between the market and market updater was not two-way . . . edit : the alternative updater apk is available for all at http://www.jishop.com/temp/marketupdateralt.apk
i have asked a similar question about my browser . the consensus seems to be that these apps are normally pretty dormant when in the background , and my browser was behaving strangely . android 's designed so that you do not need to exit apps ( the system manages suspending and killing them ) ; so , unless you notice an app consuming an abnormal amount of cpu time while in the background , it should be safe to leave them be .
the root permission exists inside the recovery , but not in the normal system , you need to root it in there . there is usually , two partitions recovery and system , as the op indicated , was booted into the cwm recovery which resides on recovery hence is rooted , but not the normal android system .
i believe you will find it in settings > notification settings > then make sure enable popup is not selected . ( i just tested disabling popup messages - it works . phone vibrates with new message , screen stays off . ) alternatively , you can keep popup enabled , select popup settings > then make sure screen on for popup is not selected . this should allow the popup when you are using the phone , but not when the screen is off .
you have multiple options to solve this : go to settings-> apps , scroll to skype , open it , and hit the " clear defaults " button if that for some reason does not work : simply install some other voip app , try to call a person again ( now you should be able to chose ) , hangup , and remove the other voip app again try default app manager lite , defaultapp reset , or similar apps to reset single default actions chuck-norris-mode : try clear default app for action to reset all default actions last ressort : uninstall and re-install skype all above solutions should reset the default app selected . besides : same procedure works for multiple web browsers , home screen replacements ( launchers ) , image viewers . . .
a hard reset is traditionally when you kill all power to the phone and then boot it up from that state . normally you remove the battery , then put it back in and boot up . you are right about factory reset -- it erases all your settings and data , leaving the os . unfortunately , some people use " hard reset " when they really mean " factory reset " .
the answer is not to copy to the directory named usbStorage . probably , just for galaxy s2 . create new directory named Media in / and move your music in it . then , reboot ( optional ) .
that is a known bug with kitkat , not only affecting the nexus but other devices as well . we discussed that on chat lately . a work-around is using an app like appchooser , which replaces the share menu . as a side-effect , it even gives you several improvements above the built-in share menu , as e.g. the possibility to chose between grid and list display , or have the list sorted alphabetically versus last-used ( where the latter would have your most frequently used share-targets always on top ) . you can even hide apps you do not want to see in the share menu ( and make them visible via the " show all " button ) . appchoser ( source : google play ) the only alternative i know of is andmade share , which offers comparable features .
i have had the same problem since upgrading my rom . the solution i am going to present will lead to the loss of unsent emails , so copy them to somewhere . you have to clear the application data . to do that you go to : settings > applications > manage applications look for gmail and clear data it will synchronize again with gmail servers and the problem should be solved . send a test e-mail to yourself .
Settings - Account and Sync - &lt;your exchange account&gt;' - Account settings - (scroll down) Incoming settings' - password field . on my samsung galaxy s - running froyo 2.2.1
short answer : no . explanation : this action would involve multiple steps : re-mount /system read-write write the hosts file to /system/etc/hosts re-mount /system read-only each of the step requires root permissions , as the file belongs to system:system and usually is read-only to other " users " .
lockscreen calendar is a fairly lightweight app to display your next few upcoming events on your lockscreen . unfortunately , it does not currently support recurring events .
open the " people " application and press the menu key , and then " view " and click " only contacts with phone numbers "
summed-up solution from above comments : you can use a filtering proxy like e.g. filterproxy , which lets you define what urls should be blocked . to prevent other users from simply disabling the proxy then , you could protect it using an app locker like e.g. app lock .
maybe not exactly what you had in mind , but coming close : there are several clipboard-action apps available which might come close to that . i did not try them , so no guarantees – but their descriptions are promising they can do that . two examples would be : speaklip auto speak clipboard 2 hopefully one of them proves helpful to you . good luck !
/proc/config.gz ( and consequently .config ) , a file containing all needed flags for the linux kernel building process , can only be found if the kernel maker / your device manufacturer explicitly enabled config.gz availability when the linux kernel was being built . so if it is not present in /proc , you had have to either do a trial-and-error , get help from somebody else , or contact the manufacturer .
you can perform updates on installed app 's accessing the play store : find the play store icon on your home screen or in your app drawer and tap it to open it up . once the play store loads , tap the menu button on your device and choose the " my apps " option . wait until the list gets filled . if there are available updates you will see:: a text that says " update " to the right of the app 's name , you can long press it to update that app ; additionally , you can press " update " on the top of the list to update all app 's . usually a number is present to the right , that refers to the total number of updates available .
you can verify by checking /proc/config.gz and search through it looking for the configure option - CONFIG_BLK_DEV_LOOP=y . to do that you need to do it this way : cp /proc/config.gz /sdcard/kernel_config.gz  and adb pull /sdcard/kernel_config.gz  unzip the kernel_config . gz and open it up in a notepad or text editor and search it . if its either # CONFIG_BLK_DEV_LOOP is not set or CONFIG_BLK_DEV_LOOP=n all bets are off .
the reason the pictures remains visible in the gallery is because the android 's mediascanner is a bit weak in this regard . what happens is this - when android boots up , it runs the mediascanner , which goes off and checks all the images , ringtones , audio to sum up , and keeps tab on it . this is only done once on boot . you can get around this , by unmounting the sd card , do this safely ( settings > storage > unmount sd card ) this will take a few seconds , once its unmounted , you can pop out the sd card , pop it back in again , this in turn will force the mediascanner to run again , and then all the images that you have deleted are no longer there in the gallery . mediascanner is a service that acts as a caching service in that it caches all media ( images/audio ) . on some roms , there is a facility to force it to run again without having to do the above .
if you have windows pc try this . back up any data in sd card and save it in pc . insert your sd card in any card reader and insert in pc press Windows Key + R and the run dialog should popup . type in diskpart and hit enter . once diskpart comes up , type list disk . ( this will show you all the disks that are attached to the system . you will want to note the number of the one that is your sd card/flash drive . you should be able to distinguish it based on it is small size compared to your hard disks . ) select the sd card by typing select disk number ( eg:select disk 2 ) type list part and it will show you what partitions are already on the disk . next to remove all the partitions from the disk just type clean . afterwards type list part and the console should say that there are now no partitions on the disk . ( if you need more than one partition goto step 8 ) type create partition primary and this will create a new partition that fills the available space on the disk . you can type list part to confirm that the new partition has been created . goto step 11 if you want it a particular size add the size parameter size=20 eg : create partition primary size=100 ( with the size in mbs ) select the new partition select partition 1 ( you can list partition using list partition command ) now format it to fat32 format FS=Fat32 label="SDCARD" repeat 8,9,10 to create more partition ( you can use exfat instead of fat32 if you have more than 4gb sdcard , you can omit the label part if not needed ) thats it now you can close diskpart and eject the sd card and insert in your android
it is a froyo rom , according to comments i have read around xda . a custom froyo rom based on jpa blog entry detailing the european froyo update rollout , references jpa
use one of those : <code> cat /proc/mounts mount # free disk space of mounted fs ' df # this shows you available devices cat /proc/partitions </code> ps : lines containing asec are moved-to-sdcard apps ( it is each an encrypted volume per app for security reasons )
here is the google play link for google voice , if that is what you have been looking for . total offline answering machine functionality is not possible due to androids technical barriers . see this thread on xda . you can use apps like youmail visual voicemail which sounds promising . if not , you can easily find many alternatives after a quick search on google play .
while i do not know any built-in solution , there are several birthday reminder apps available on the playstore promising exactly that , e.g. : birthdays ( including widgets ) birthdays ( puts them in your notification bar when due ) birthday reminder ( again notifications ) many more the 3 example apps i have picked above use your google contacts to check for birthdays , so you do not need to manage a separate list . others might use their own databases , so check their descriptions . there might be " privacy issues " when those apps have access to your contacts ( which is needed for the birthday reminders ) and full internet ( e . g . for ads ) at the same time , which you might wish to keep an eye on while picking a suiting app .
no , not if you are using the google authenticator app . you will be able to receive the sms with the code , but you will not be able to link the app . always print out your backup codes in case of this : account - security - 2 step verification - backup codes
afaik , cm does not ( yet ) support to configure it . issue 5268 at the cm tracker addresses this ( yours , i take it ? ) - so anybody else affected is encouraged to " star " it . meanwhile , an app named call waiting configurations might provide a work-around ( not sure , i did not test it myself ) until the cm team adds the possibility of configuration . or you could instead activate the checkbox to " vibrate on call waiting": additionally , the following apps might be worth checking : advanced call settings call wait vibrate
you can access the built-in graphic equalizer by going to settings , then sound , then audio effects .
in the realm of the arm chipsets which is the common factor , the entire android stack , from the near-identical kernel based on linux , are in fact , 32bit , cross-compiled from usually either a 32bit/64bit host environment , the host environment is usually one of the distributions of linux . recommended distribution , by google , for building and cross-compiling android is ubuntu . the android run-time library ( media , graphics , filesystem , to name but a few ) are also 32bit , but as we reach the layer of the dalvikvm , then the number of bits becomes irrelevant as it is at this point , the apks coming from the google play store are native bytecode ( a " by-product " of generated java code compiled into a portable bytecode ) which targets the dalvikvm ( virtual machine ) which in turn interprets and translates the bytecode targetting the raw arm instruction set . froyo was the last android that enabled compilation under a 32bit hosted environment in which it was cross-compiled targetting the arm chipset . gingerbread was the first of " future " android , back then circa , three years ago , that introduced a requirement to use a 64bit hosted environment in which it was built . there was many hacks to get gingerbread to be built under 32bit hosted environment . ics and jb , and upwards now definitely requires a 64bit environment to speed up compilation and to reduce turn-around time in building . so to sum up , what you see on the play store has no bearing on whether 32bit or 64bit are used and thus irrelevant . side note : typical 16gb ram/quad core/64bit linux distribution , the time it takes to build ics from scratch , takes 30minutes maximum , had this being a 32bit linux distribution , it would have taken longer , in fact , may cause a cpu meltdown as there is simply , not enough processing power to churn and crank out cross-compiled code , which is a very demanding and taxing process ! proof of this . pull in any native arm binary found in /system/bin or /system/xbin , for example , /system/bin/dalvikvm , this is the dalvik vm binary that is responsible for the upper layers of java and apks . now , examine the binary by issuing this command : file dalvikvm which gives a summary of the type of file it is , the expected output would be this : dalvikvm : elf 32-bit lsb executable , arm , version 1 ( sysv ) , dynamically linked ( uses shared libs ) , stripped notice the reference to 32-bit elf , and is cross-compiled to arm and is a binary executable . right , moving on , let 's inspect a native shared library found in /system/lib , for example , /system/lib/libandroid_runtime.so , now issue file libandroid_runtime.so , the expected output would be this : libandroid_runtime . so : elf 32-bit lsb shared object , arm , version 1 ( sysv ) , dynamically linked , stripped again , notice , its 32-bit elf , cross-compiled to arm and is a shared library . the key to the host 's cross-compilation can be found in the aosp source , i.e. , gingerbread build originally had a requirement to be built on a 64bit host system , here 's the newsgroup linky referring to how to patch the scripts to get it to build on 32bit host which has two patches , found here , for build/core.mk and build/main.mk ( combined ) on aosp 's gerrit review . as a subsequent result , this patch had made its way to ics 's build scripts in which i did have the privilege of compiling ics on a 32bit platform which took 3 days to build ( it was a port of ics for the zte blade ) . now , the requirements are ramped up , you do definitely need 64bit host to enable cross-compilation of building aosp from ics upwards : )
a subscriber identity module commonly known as sim card has a storage for text ( sms ) messages and contacts only . settings ( i presume you are talking about access points and gprs/3g configuration - clarify it you mean something else ) about your phone are not stored , except the carrier related parameters like message service center number , value added services codes etc .
you say " tasker does not seem a solution " . if you already have tasker installed you can do the following : create a task with 6 actions that puts the names of the files in the camera folder into an array , then loops through the array moving files one by one depending on the filename extention . note , in the if statements , ~ means matches , and ! ~ means does not match . ( your directory may look different to mine ) list files dir : external-sd/dcim/camera variable : %myfiles variable set name %arrayindex to 0 variable add name %arrayindex value : 1 move from %myfiles ( %arrayindex ) to external-sd/pics if %myfiles ( %arrayindex ) ~ *.jpg move from %myfiles ( %arrayindex ) to external-sd/vids if %myfiles ( %arrayindex ) ~ * . mp4 goto type action number number 3 if %arrayindex ! ~ %myfiles ( # ) now you can launch this task with a shortcut on your homescreen , or you can make it fully automatic by having tasker run this task whenever the camera app closes . to do this create a context -application-camera , and link it to the above task . then long-click on the task and select " move to exit "
it does not look like there is any reliable way to unlock it without the unlock code . you should call the carrier and ask them to help you unlock it . most will give you the code if you are persistent enough , and apparently you can enter it by typing *#06# on the dialer .
according to their bug tracker , webrtc is currently broken on firefox android . you can get audio or video , but not both , and attempting to get both results in your getting neither . as for chrome android , it is only in the beta ( m25 and later ) and is disabled by default . to enable it , type chrome://flags into the url bar , then scroll down and find the " enable webrtc " checkbox and check it . it'll then prompt you to restart the browser . note that webrtc in chrome is really beta , not " google beta " and has some issues , such as ; audio sounds choppy and warbled especially on devices where the cpu is heavily loaded acoustic echo cancellation on mobile platforms is not working well chroma components received from the galaxy s3 camera drivers are swapped ( colors look inverted ) dtls via openssl on android fails and needs to be disabled general stability and complexity issues another note , neither of these browsers quite follows the standard , so the people who are writing the sites need to be adapting for the browsers eccentricities and if they are not being throughout , it will work on one browser , but not the other .
try clearing the data for the market app : go to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications -&gt; All and find the market app if it is running , kill it with the button there clear the data ( this will clear the cache as well , no need to do both manually ) restart your phone then try the market again . edit : since that did not work , i would try wiping the data partition ( similar to a factory reset ) : power off your phone boot into bootloader mode by holding down volume down , power , and the camera button . pull the battery and power back on while holding the home button . once you see an android with the triangle and exclamation point , press the search button . using the side volume buttons to move around and the power button to select , select the " wipe data " option . once the wipe is finished , select " reboot system now " .
a factory reset will not remove a custom rom unless the backup image in the custom rom is for a rom other than itself . this would be pretty unlikely . i think we had need to know your phone model and the rom you used to help you figure out why it did not write over the system apps . that is definitely not normal . normally virtually no trace of the old rom should be left .
since you are talking about tasker , have you seen this comment from their google play page : tasker integration : add a locale variable to your layout and set the variable name ( click it ) in tasker select plugins -> minimalistic text for an action click " edit " , a new activity starts enter the name of the variable and the text that should be displayed for this variable ( you can use tasker variables ) everything else is customizable . add a new row , and use the + button to select and add new elements by checking them .
i have verified that google+ version 2.4.1.271037 on android 4.0.3 uses https for instant upload . i did what @shambleh suggested and performed a network trace at my internet gateway . enabled instant upload , snapped a picture , and saw a bunch of traffic hitting google servers ( ip address 74.125.226.70 , but remember this may change ) on http port 443 . using wireshark , it is clear that the traffic is encrypted .
looking at a teardown of the new nexus 7 , it looks to be near the center again ( here you can see in the photo the nfc is under the inductive charging ) . ifixit did a pretty good teardown of it here which may give you more detail .
this is a new feature as of android 4.2 . it serves two purposes : to focus your camera on what you click on long press it and you get a radial menu of different camera settings to change ( flash on/off , etc ) . this is the exact same behavior as if you clicked the icon in the top right corner of your screenshot .
unfortunately it appears your only option is an unlock code , i have just done a search . this xda thread has a couple ways to get into the unlock screen so you can enter the code . your options for get the unlock code are to ask the carrier the phone is locked to -- they might give it to you if they are feeling nice -- or to buy it online . there are no reputable sellers of unlock codes online , of course , but you could search around and find someone whose experience seems reliable and use the same service that they did .
i hope it is okay to answer my own but i thought it might be useful to others . i found these looking around more : photon browser and puffin browser . both play flash sites without all the complicated installation of adobe .
if both devices are rooted , you can use airdroid , which offers an . . . realtime android screen ( experimental feature , root permission required ) view your android 's screen , take a screenshot , or even record a screencast . as you connect to the device using a web browser , you can just have two browser windows open - et voila , both devices should be shown simultaneously . alternativ solution : droid vnc server ( and other vnc servers ) . again , requires rooted device -- plus a vnc client on the computer . there are several more solutions , but they mostly fall in either of the mentioned categories .
there is no official google talk voice/video chat for android phones . you can use google talk in android 2.3.4+ to make video chats now . additionally , any calls made via google voice are done via cell tower ( using your minutes ) , not data .
you might wish to run a search on google play . one good choice will be airdroid , which gives you a full remote maintenance suite . and of course you can send/receive sms using any browser you like .
android 's hotkey to take screenshots is vol down and power pressed simultaneously for about 3 seconds . the delay is there to prevent accidental presses . ( samsung phones hotkey is the power and home button )
once you have created a folder in the apps ( i.e. . i created a " temp" ) and then remove it : 1 . go to the app drawer , apps , and find the panel holding the folder . 2 . menu > edit 3 . press and hold the folder until " remove " appears . 4 . drag to trash can ( remove ) . 5 . save gone .
you can specify and logic in contexts , not just tasks . do not forget that you can have multiple contexts that must all be met ( logical and ) before the task ( s ) run . try adding the context State &gt; Call [Any, Invert = YES] ; this would mean the profile will only activate 1 ) when a text is received and 2 ) no call is active .
the question you linked to has the information you need to access the modem . you might also find this so answer helpful for accessing the modem . be warned that the device file you need to use is different for each model of phone , so you will have to examine /dev on each device to find out which file to use . as it points out , you need to be root to do this . the rooting process is different for each model of phone . for most models , you have to wipe the phone to achieve it , as the process involves unlocking the bootloader ( and maybe flashing a custom recovery ) in order to flash the su binary into the system image . some models have security vulnerabilities you can exploit with a program you download , to achieve this without unlocking the bootloader . how do i root my android device ? explains more about the process , and has an index of questions about rooting particular devices .
by request from ' dan hulme ' who replied to my question , i got the message to pop up again and managed to get the app-info . it turns out to be an app connected to the facebook app called ' sns ' . i simply removed the tick from the " show notifications " option . the message no longer pops up . it can otherwise be found on " settings -> more -> application manager " shuffle so you see the " all " list , then scroll down til you find the sns application .
this is how many modern android phones ( including all nexus phones ) work . the nexus 4 can switch between mtp and ptp modes . to overgeneralize a bit , it can use mtp to emulate a media device and ptp to emulate a camera . the nexus 4 has no way to mount as a mass storage device ( and thus , no practical way to mount it and get a drive letter for it )
both solutions mentioned by @izzy and @darknight in comments could work , but i found the easiest way is to replace steps 8,9,10 of the instructions by the following terminal command : sudo apt-get install android-tools-adb android-tools-fastboot  and then continuing as normal ( and of course write fastboot instead of fastboot . exe in steps 15,16 ) . that saves the trouble of manually downloading and installing flashboot and configuring files and so .
i do not think there is a good way to do this - the issue is not that the private number is being hidden by your phone , it is that the phone company is not transmitting the caller id info to you at all . so there should not be any way for you to get that data working strictly from your phone . unless you know people who regularly block caller id data , but do not leave messages , i would just assume it is spam callers and ignore them .
there is no such thing as normal usb transfer speed . it depends on several factors including but not limited to : class of the sdcard usb speed ( 1.1 vs 2.0 ) performance and load of the the computer out of these three the one with the most influence is the class of the sdcard . the class describes the minimum write speed of the card in mb/s . for example a class 10 card has a minimum writing speed of 10mb/s . based on this your sdcard is most likely a class 2 . if you can not locate your sdcard class , there is a free tool ( only for windows users ) that gives you the transfer rate of your sdcard : h2testw 1.4 after you have finished verifying your unit you will be able to see the exact time it took for the operation to complete , the number of megabytes tested , and , of course , the writing / reading speed . as a side note : the cache that abdul mentions has nothing to do with this . that is for reading and only applies if the card is mounted in the phone .
my issue was resolved by upgrading google maps to v5.0 . for those troubleshooting this issue , also see this question ( which should probably be your first step ) : how do i set google latitude to auto-update with location regularly ?
this can ( and certainly will ) happen when installing apps on sdcard . normally , the system should prevent this ( or rather the dev , by defining the " install-location " accordingly in the app 's Manifest ) . so if the apps were installed on sdcard , go to settings→apps , scroll to the apps ' entries , open them ( one by one ) , and move the app to internal storage . if the widgets do not appear right away after that , they should do so at least after a reboot .
in order to connect to a given 3g/3.5g network , your phone must support the correct band . based on the sparse information i was able to gather , it seems that claro is using bands ii and v ( 1900 and 850 ) it seems that there are at least three different models of the htc desire , of which the htc triumph / desire us a8182 and htc desire telstra a8183 support bands ii and v . the third model , htc desire a8181 supports bands i and viii instead . if your phone has the correct apn , supports the correct bands , and 3g is not disabled it should just work .
i was facing the same problem for long time on my galaxy s3 , at last i figure it out by default android sms allow you to send same message to multiple people without converting it to mms . but when you select the option Group Messaging under the multimedia message (MMS) setting it now set group messaging only for mms try un-checking the option hope this will help ( am using default sms of android ) screenshot ( click to enlarge )
ok . i found a even more strange thing . the differences are due to the language . if i set my browser language to portuguese suddently i see all the comments that i saw on the other account ( that i was seeing on an android device set to portuguese ) . this is very strange as all comments are written in portuguese . i have not discovered yet how they associate the language to the comment . . . my guess : comments are only visible on the language that they are added . for example : ( this is a guess ) if i add a comment with my browser in portuguese , only people with browsers/devices in portuguese will see it should not the market show all anyway , with somekind of language filter ( our language vs all ) or use google translate to translate all from the start ? does anyone else has a clue about this ? !
i ended up doing a factory reset on my tablet ( after doing a backup of my data with " app backup" ) . as far as i know the downgrade would probably have worked , but i decided not to risk it .
your sd card contains pretty much all the data you need . in addition to app backup , you can also use sms backup+ to backup your texts to the sd card ( and then to the home server ) . titanium backup pro version has an option to backup files to your dropbox folder , so you can use that instead of rsync if you like . also , try to move as much data to the cloud as you can - including contacts , settings , photos etc - you get peace of mind knowing that most things are already backed up even if your phone gets damaged or stolen .
if you are still paired to that media center , then unpair it and turn off you bluetooth visibility , this way media center will not be able to detect your bluetooth , but you will still be able to connect to other devices .
upgrade your phone to latest jellybean stock rom and flash speedmod kernel from odin . right now is one of the most stable combinations for the galaxy s ii . if you want more performance you can always install siyah kernel and tweak it for your needs . also remember to do a full nandroid backup before flashing anything and wipe /system , /data and /cache before installing jb from odin .
try looking at the logcat output . i had a similar issue with multiple devices ( all of the same manufacturer , though not yours ) -- and it turned out they obviously had a bug in adb implementation ( logcat showed a parse error for the backup file ) . if your situation is comparable ( some adb bug on your device 's firmware ) , you can forget restoring that backup using adb . still , there are alternatives : as you can read in the tag-wiki or our backup tag , there are other apps which can read and restore from adb backups . such as e.g. titanium backup . i am not sure if this feature is reserved for the pro version , but it is at least worth a try with the free one . and even if , this app is worth buying . note , however , that your device must be rooted for this . copy your nexus.ab to the sdcard of your nexus ( i know it has no microsd slot , but the internal sd should do ) . then use tibu to restore from that backup file . you might not be able to restore everything ( i never tried , so i am not sure how far it goes ) -- but at least your apps and their data should be able to get restored . a second way ( to be used for the remaining things ) is to manually unpack the backup archive . details can be found here : how do you extract an app 's data from a full backup made through “adb backup” ? is there a way to look inside and modify an adb backup created file ? you might also wish to consult other questions tagged " adb+backup " for additional information .
the permissions are entered by the developer , yes . but the android os only grants those specific permissions , and no others . therefore an app could try to do something it was not allowed to , but it would fail ( barring a security exploit ) . see http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/security/security.html#permissions for more details .
it looks like all of the default ringtones and notification sound files are in /system/media/audio . if you can not get to them when mounting via usb , you should be able to use something like astro file manager to copy the files to your sd card and then get them that way . they just appear to be ogg files .
this is only any use to you if your pc has an hdmi input , which is very unusual . you will only have such a thing if you deliberately bought video capture hardware and attached it to your pc . if you have such hardware , you should use the video capture software that came with it . trying to use camtasia to capture it would be like trying to use camtasia to capture from a webcam . in addition , depending on what adaptor you use , your video capture hardware may also need to support mhl ( the wire protocol used to send video data over the micro-usb and hdmi connectors ) . see my answer on how does mhl work ? for more details .
try adb shell ls -l /sys and check the output . most likely , access to the /sys/module directory has limited access . it does not matter that your device is rooted , when you are not using your root powers . to view the contents of " restircted directories": # open a shell adb shell # obtain root permission su - # now access your target ls -l /sys/module  when issuing the su - , you will have to approve a popup to confirm superuser access − at least on the first try . you then can tell your superuser/supersu app to remember your choice .
fortunately there is no region-locking for phones , just carrier locking . if your phone came with european firmware then you should probably stick with european firmware . ideally you had be able to find something from your carrier even if it was re-packaged by someone for odin . as for your network settings , there are a couple possibilities . you may need to supply the apn information , which you can usually find by doing a web search for "&lt ; carrier&gt ; apn " or similar . you might also need to flash a different modem if the one you have is buggy or otherwise incompatible with your device/carrier .
usually this should be an easy task – provided you have got a custom recovery on your device . turned out , it was not as easy in this special case , so i will list multiple options here . in combination , they finally lead to success – as one can see in the comments on the question itself . variant 1: custom recovery that is a one-liner : put the gapps archive on your sdcard , boot into recovery , chose " install update . zip from sdcard " , and select the gapps archive . done . after the next boot , google apps should be there . trouble in this case : no custom recovery . ok , next one . variant 2: use adb to side-load it this variant was even figured by the op himself . requires adb to be installed on your computer ( see : is there a minimal installation of adb ? ) , and your device setup ( device drivers etc . ) as well as connected via usb . for a detailed how-to , please see how to : use " adb sideload " on your android device . here , in short : place the gapps zip file in the directory where your adb executable is make sure you have usb debugging enabled in settings → development on your device boot your device in recovery mode , and connect it to your pc on your device , use the volume up / down keys to select " apply update from adb , " then press power to select it on your computer , open a command prompt window and navigate to the directory from 1 . , then execute adb sideload &lt;zipfile&gt; ( replacing &lt;zipfile&gt; with the name of your gapps file ) when the installation is finished , select to " reboot " the device . done . once the device finished booting , your google apps should be there . or not , as in our case . services got installed , apps were missing . ok , let 's trick the remains . variant #3: doint it manually preparation install es file explorer on your device . this will help us a lot . unpack the gapps archive into an empty directory on your sdcard . might be an optional step , as es file explorer can deal with zips directly , but might make things easier do it launch es file explorer on your device . tap the menu button , tap " root-explorer " ( the text , not the switch next to it – though you must make sure that is switched to " on " as well ) . a popup should open , where you should find a " r/w " icon ( second to last entry ) . tap that . this should remount your /system partition , so you can write to it . now use es file explorer to navigate to your ( unpacked ) gapps archive . copy the .apk files from system/apps/ to /system/apps/ on your device . similarly , files from data/apps/ should be copied to /data/apps/ . now back to the menu , and re-mount your /system partition read-only . reboot . now , the google apps should be there . still not ? bang . variant 4: get another device . . . or at least another rom . . .
on my android 4.0.4 if i click on the picture of the contact , i get option to save it .
no , you do not need to install the android sdk . the sdk 's drivers do not work for the galaxy s , actually , at least not the last time i tried . you best bet is to download samsung kies and update the drivers through it , as per this answer to another question . you can get kies most easily from samsung uk here .
that looks like a job for tasker : profile camerarotate : condition : app → camera task : notify sound ( text : " rotate me , please ! " , sound : [ select file ] ) this way , whenever the camera app becomes the active ( foreground ) app , a notification will appear with the text specified . you can also include a sound ( maybe something annoying or shocking , to make the " user in question " really aware ) . also , instead of the notification you could chose " play sound " , and have a pre-recorded mp3 played saying/shooting something like " hey , do not forget to rotate the device ! "
i have looked a number of products and i have got to say touchdown by nitrodesk always comes out on top . i have just returned to android after a short spell with wp7 and fogot how much i relied on touchdown . my favourite is the fact it will read out emails , which is useful !
stock android does not support ad-hoc wifi networks . if you have a rooted device , it is possible to work around this limitation as described here . basically you can install a custom rom that has this feature enabled , or manually configure the wpa-supplicant , or if you are feeling adventurous you can compile your own patched copy of wpa-supplicant that fools android into thinking that ad-hoc networks are regular infrastructure mode access points .
this is for the nfc functionality . those contacts are used to transmit the info to and from the receiver/transmitter on the back cover ( seen below outlined in green , though you probably guessed it : ) ) . they have to put it on the back cover because nfc only works for usually no more than a few centimetres , and they need a way to feed the information back to the phone system itself . it is discussed more in this post on another android forum .
within gmail while at the inbox screen if you click menu and then label settings you should then be able to check notify once and then you should get notified for every new messages as a group .
backup your data and perform a factory reset ( settings> privacy> factory data reset ) . then restore the data
it seems that moboot in touchpad is corresponding to the bootloader in android native device , so i think it may be impossible to enter such a ' bootloader ' in hp touchpad .
if you look at this video from the google i/o conference and the slides you can see that they show how much wifi , the cpu , screen , gps , accelerometer etc . use in a device . here is the video and the slides . a quick summary in case the links go down : this shows the amount of battery used by the components in milliamps ( ma ) . another unit needed is milliamp hours ( mah ) which is what battery capacity is measured in , a typical smartphone might have 1600mah capacity . having just the screen on we can see how long the device may last by dividing the capacity ( 1600 mah ) by the usage ( ~100 ma ) giving us 16 hours of use with just the lcd screen on . it is an interesting video if you take the time to watch the whole thing . it discusses wake locks , where an app will wake up the device to update itself , and how they affect battery life which is an aspect i do not usually consider about applications .
you need to install the correct drivers for the device . i am not familiar with the device in question , but it seems that there are two drivers available on the gionee mobile india site . try installing one of the drivers there and then connect your device again .
for tilting , from : bluestacks goes into beta , supports more apps the latest version of bluestacks also offers accelerometer support . no , you won’t have to tilt your computer to use it , just hit the arrow keys – the up arrow tilts forward , the down arrow tilts back toward you , and the left and right arrows tilt left and right ( surprise surprise ) . unfortunately for shake as of from four months back , from : need to shake the " phone " how i do this ? this functionality is not available with current version of bluestacks app player . stay tuned for future version with its fix .
not really an android question ( rather linux/shell/bash ) , but i give the credit of the missing executable . so : for i in * ; do j=`echo $i | tr '[a-m][n-z][A-M][N-Z]' '[n-z][a-m][N-Z][A-M]'`; mv "$i" "$j"; done 
from what i can see from this site ( in spanish ) : this is a specific advertising service that only the Movistar network seems to push to phones . the only solution i found is to disable the " sim toolkit " application , Settings &gt; Applications &gt; SIM Toolkit but this may require root access to your device . removing sim toolkit according to android forum users can be removed without any issues . i would Disable it rather than take the nuclear deletion option personally . from the link : has not been on my phone in a year . . . no problems without it - that i am aware of . and i know for a fact that 4g works without it . . . has not been on my phone for the last year - and every rom i could flash made no difference . i am really temped to believe that simtoolkit is for metro 's various services/bloatware ( where they monitor data usage - for whatever reason ) from wikipedia : sim application toolkit ( commonly referred to as stk ) is a standard of the gsm system which enables the subscriber identity module ( sim ) to initiate actions which can be used for various value-added services . these so called ' value added services ' are what you want to remove . alternatively you could contact movistar and see if they can stop it , tell them it is crashing your device or causing you issues and ask what can be done . depending on your contract you could move to another network also .
check out this thread , original rom , which is about returning a nexus one to an unmodded rom .
that appears to be your carrier 's delivery report code . many ( but not necessarily all ) carriers implement it in some form or another , but the exact method can vary pretty widely . it is briefly mentioned on the sms wikipedia article . i do not recall exactly when the network sends the delivery report , but i am fairly positive that it would not be originating from the phone , and therefore would not count against any sms limit it may have . the device may respond to the provider when it receives the message ( though it may not since the carrier may send the report at some other point in the process ) , but the actual sms you get back should be originating from the network 's sms gateway , i believe . the phone 's os ( or sim ) may have some bearing on whether or not it " honors " the request , but i am not sure . i found a ( probably incomplete ) list of some of the various carrier codes here :
first i have to admit i am not an expert on device encryption . i cannot speak out of first-hand experience , but at least can give some background information which definitely will prove helpful here . so for one , there is the big confusion about storage naming . our storage tag-wiki can be a big help on this . in your specific case it is the question what " internal storage " refers to , and how that differs from " internal sdcard " ( which it does ) . so let 's see how our internal-storage tag-wiki defines internal storage : internal storage generally refers to the storage space on your device that can be used for installing applications and their associated data . i see our storage tag-wiki is even more precise/detailed : device storage : usually referred to as " internal storage " or " phone storage " . [ … ] on your device , this will be used for apps and data , and usually is mounted at /data internal sdcard : some devices offer a separate internal sdcard , where you can store your own data ( such as documents , videos , music files , pictures , etc . ) . so from this you can clearly see the difference . without root , you are not able to ( freely ) store your personal data ( as defined above ) on device storage . but our apps have their own specific directories here where they can ( and do ) save their settings , data , and more . second confusion is caused by different manufacturers using different " mount points " and access-paths for storages . as you describe for your device , they might even mount the sdcard inside the /data partition . however , if the encryption setup offers you separate choices to encrypt internal storage and internal sdcard , this should not matter : if you can tell it to not encrypt a given partition , one should assume it follows this advice . if , on the other hand , you do not get the option to not touch the internal sdcard , i am not sure it will be left out . in that case , it might very much depend on your device ( and system ) . when switching from ums to mtp to provide access to your " internal sdcard " from your computer , for many of them there was a second change going along : to not " fragment " the internal storage space ( i.e. . " internal storage " running low while there is plenty of space available on " internal sd " , or vice versa ) , they just use a single partition to hold both . the " internal sdcard " then is created as fuse device , in simplified terms : pointing to a directory on internal storage . if that is true for your device , encryption of " internal storage " most likely will affect the " internal sdcard " as well . but as initially stated : i have no first-hand experience here , and thus gladly accept corrections in the comments .
export DISPLAY=:0  when you type " xterm " a terminal should appear inside x but does not work very well , because some x11-features are not implemented in this android-xserver .
i just called verizon customer care . they had me dial *900 and that fixed the issue . this cancels any possible call forwarding . works like a champ now .
it could most likely be a bug . i suggest you upgrade your android via kies or manually . galaxy nexus is known to have a similar software issue with volume : http://techie-buzz.com/mobile-news/galaxy-nexus-to-get-a-software-update-to-fix-the-volume-bug.html perhaps it could be the same with your s2 , especially since it is on older android version .
unfortunately , it is not possible . those apps rely on parts of the touchwiz framework to operate . no touchwiz , no apps . the only way would be to install a custom touchwiz based rom . it would give you some of the performance improvements of cyanogenmod but with access to the samsung apps .
well , this sony ericsson sync tool seems to work , specially if you want to move contacts from another sony ericsson device from your new one ( they claim you can also synchronize your data from other devices , as long es they support syncml ) . but i personally use gmail 's contact management , which is easy to use , practical and safe . obviously is a good idea to auto-synchronize it , as you did , even if you were not aware ; ) . after reading your post i have been playing with the Backup &amp; Restore tool , and i realized they warn something like : contacts synchronized using other services are not included . * *i do not know if this is the actual english message , cause my phone is in spanish , but should be somehing like that , should not it ? regards .
mininoteviewer (https://market.android.com/details?id=jp.gr.java_conf.hatalab.mnvhl=en) basically works the way i want . there is no explicit switch between " edit " and " view " modes , but it does not pop up the keyboard until you tell it to . good enough . also jota view ( https://market.android.com/details?id=jp.sblo.pandora.jota ) can be set to not pop up the keyboard when you are viewing a note ( preferences-> input-> viewer ) , though the app is overcomplicated imo .
yes . and not just for the inbox , but inbox and sent may be the only folders synchronized by default . note : this answer was written about a now obsolete version of the gmail app , which continues to change in its user interface over time . the answer will not be updated to track that evolution , as there are multiple versions in use at any time which behave differently , and it is ultimately the idea rather than the specific steps which are important .
if it came pre-installed with your phone then its a system app . you cannot uninstall it ( unless you have your phone rooted , which i think you do not have ) . best option for you is to disable the app . in this case , the app will not run and will not consume any cpu or battery ( if that is your problem ) . if you are concerned about storage space running out then this will not solve the storage problem .
the signature mismatch indicates that the package you have installed ( the mediatek-res.apk ) is not from the same source as the rest of the os . it is from a different rom , probably one made for a different device , by a different oem . you need to find the apk file that matches the rest of your rom , from the same device as yours .
have you tried clearing the data for the app ? or uninstalling then reinstalling ? or does hootsuite cache unsent/failed tweets to the cloud ?
this was resolved . unfortunately , i do not have any recollection of how it was resolved . presumably a software update ?
take any nfc enabled thing to test it out and install this task launching app . now create an action using the app to do anything ( click the + icon and follow instructions ) . when it asks you to write the tag , just touch the back of the device to your nfc enabled thing . it may fail to write , but it will still work . examples of some nfc enabled things you might just have lying around : metro cards some electronic keys any other nfc enabled phone
i was able to retrieve the primary e-mail address from my phone : in the details of an appointment , i was listed as attendee under an e-mail address different from the one the account was configured for , and the e-mail address of this attendee turned out to be my primary e-mail address . i was unable to change the e-mail address for the existing account . after dropping and recreating the account using the primary e-mail address , i can now update details of all appointments on my device .
alas , most probably the answer is : no . reason : android 's app model . an app exists of rather loose coupled components ( activities here ) that may be launched independently from each other . only when the main activity is launched as a separate task an entry in the recently launched list is created . other apps can also launch an external activity ( of another app ) that does not count towards that list then . this happens mostly when you dont launch an app from the launcher : you click a notification ( missed call , sms , calendar event , . . . ) an app opens another app ( twitter app -> browser ) follow a link in an sms -> browser select an image in an app -> open in gallery open youtube from a browser link . . . all those ' opened ' apps count as part of the opening app and not as a separate instance ( most likely ) i answered a similar question here : function of back button after opening url from ( twitter ) application info about the underlying architecture : http://developer.android.com/guide/topics/fundamentals/tasks-and-back-stack.html
you can download the documentation of ice cream sandwich ( android 4.0 ) by the sdk manager . sdk manager--> android 4.0.3 ( api15 ) --> documentation for android sdk it will download all the documentation in &lt;android-sdk&gt;\docs of your pc .
tibu stores its backups in a folder on your sdcard ( either the internal or the external , depends on what you have and how you have configured it ) . so you can simply copy that entire folder over to your pc before applying the factory-reset . just check the root of your sdcard ( s ) for a folder named TitaniumBackup . after the factory reset , the folder should still be there ( unless your device is one of those including the card with the reset – hence the copy to pc , which in this case you now can simply copy back ) . launch tibu , and restore what you want to have restored . one thing to keep in mind : i do not know what is causing your trouble , but restoring the entire backup completely might bring it back if the troublemaker was included there , so take care ; )
well i found this to delete ( uninstall ) superuser : use root explorer and delete superuser . apk from the /system/app folder ( 1 ) . go to the android market and download and install super user . use root explorer again and delete su from /system/bin ( 2 ) . go to the market and uninstall super user . notes : ( 1 ) i use root app delete , but the idea is the same . ( 2 ) i try to delete but it is unsuccessful : ) i solve finally using this guide : http://www.androidrootz.com/2012/08/how-to-unroot-any-android-device.html resume : install es file explorer , install supersu start supersu in es file explorer start root explorer delete /system/bin/su delete /system/xbin/su uninstall supersu
yes , the home button ( and possibly the volume buttons ) turn on the screen . found a fix on : http://www.droidforums.net/forum/drod2169-x/132091-ocd-stop-home-button-waking-screen-save-battery.html have not tested yet , but it is mentioned in several places . not sure if it works on an unrooted phone . gingerbread open /system/usr/keylayout/sholes-keypad . kl remove " wake_dropped " and/or " wake " after any entries for : home menu search back volume up volume down froyo open /system/usr/keylayout/cdma_shadow-keypad . kl remove " wake_dropped " and/or " wake " after any entries for : home menu search back volume up volume down
in my lg optimus one running gingerbread , i can open a message thread and long press on an message . this pops up a list of options and if i press ' view message details ' i get details like from , date , time . the value displayed for from is not the contact name rather it is their number . alternatively , instead of long press , short press on the sender 's name in the message gives an option to call and when i do so and quickly disconnect , i can see the number which is called , which is the number the message came from .
use es file explorer https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.estrongs.android.pophl=en free . how to use go into your pc and set up a share folder . use this as reference http://www.techrepublic.com/blog/windows-and-office/how-do-i-share-folders-in-windows-7-with-the-shared-folder-wizard/ either place your file to transfer in the shared folder or make the shared folder where your file is located . now install es file explorer on the device and run app . goto the quick access menu ( 3 dash button in the top left corner ) . select network> lan . bottom of the screen select scan , might take a minute to acquire connection . select your shared folder . select your file ( long pressing file and select copy at the bottom ) goto the quick access again and select local pick your destination location from there and tap paste enjoy ! !
you should not have to re-install anything . i do not recall any app having an issue from an os upgrade , except those that needed changes to work with 2.2 . since you are getting 2.2 so long after its initial launch i would expect all of those issues to already have been worked out .
it comes with an ac adapter and a charging/data cable which can plug directly into the tablet , though it does still use their proprietary cable connection since it plugs into the same connector that the keyboard dock uses ( the other end is male usb ) . using proprietary charging cables is not unheard of - samsung and apple have done this ; i do not personally like it when companies use proprietary cables , but in this case it is mostly because the charging/data port doubles as the dock connector . here 's an image from engadget 's unboxing/review of the prime . the ac adapter is at the bottom .
what you are missing is : the application ( in your case toolbox ) can evaluate how it was called . to make an easy linux-example : say you have a script called myscript , and call it with the parameters para1 para2 ( i.e. . myscript para1 para2 ) , and the script has a line : echo $0 $1 $1  it would output exactly what you called it : myscript para1 para2 . now make a symlink : ln -s myscript mylink , call mylink para1 para2 , and guess what it will " echo": the command line you called . so parsing the command line , based on the symlink your toolbox was called by , it can determine which functionality you were pointing at .
the newest version of the gmail app supports file downloads , rather than previews . if you are using the website i would think that foley is correct .
short answer : no . there is nothing that prevent developer from making lots of additional google accounts to provide 5 star ratings . google recently made a change that require a google+ enabled account to post reviews/star ratings on google play ( at least using the on-device play-app on certain phones ) which is a small improvement from the past where a simple gmail account would be enough .
when you are talking about an android rom , you are really talking of a group of programs , including the android base system , that are put together to work with your phone and that once installed are what you see and use when you start your phone without installing any app from anywhere else . you can imagine that the rom is the operating system of your phone plus the “default applications” that come with it . the thing with android is that is open source , so come people have managed to build systems configured to offer the user some things the original manufacturers of the phones don’t offer . this is the case of cm7 ( cyanogenmod 7 ) . if i install gingerbread , is that a rom like cm7 is ? gingerbread is the codename of a version of android , the 2.3 , to be exact . andorid 2.1 --> eclair android 2.2 --> froyo android 2.3 --> gingerbread android 3 . x --> honeycomb ( only for tablets ) android 4.0 --> ice cream sandwich android 4.1 --> jelly bean cm7 is a rom that uses as base system the android 2.3 system , so you can say that cm7 is a rom based on gingerbread . confused as to what exactly to do after a root , can i install gingerbread without rooting ? that depends . if htc offers an official rom upgrade to gingerbread ( version 2.3 of android ) , you can . if htc doesn’t offer this update , then you can only install an unofficial rom ( like cm7 ) . if i want to install htc sense , is that a rom ? htc sense is a pack of applications developed by htc to customize their phones and make themselves unique . htc sense is not a rom , but you can find roms for your phone that are based on the official rom with sense and some of the other parts of the system changed . rooting a phone is the process to gain full permissions . it is the equivalent of being the administrator of the system . once you are root you have full access to the system , so you can change it .
geeksphone started off with the premise of a completely open software and hardware stack . so far they released two handsets , one and zero . although both models are severely outdated specifications-wise compared to today 's high-end models , the " zero " model is quite comparable to current mid-range devices . the company provides source code for the kernel and drivers of their " one " model on the web site . i could not find the sources for the " zero " model , but i am sure they will if you reach out to them .
you may be able to use one of these which has one 2.1a usb port , but only if the device you are charging supports it . most devices when transferring data lock the power output to the standard usb power standard when connected as a data device though . also if you are using a modded device with a usb fast charge enabled kernel , you will not be able to accomplish what you want because of how it is implemented . the force usb fast charge mode tricks the phone into thinking it is on mains power so it shuts off data ports .
it looks like i may have found the problem . the latest update from at and t ( 4.5.141 . mb860 . att . en . us ) which they pushed a few weeks ago appears to not handle a " forever " dhcp lease properly or my router does not properly handle a dhcp lease renewal when configured for " forever " . one does have to wonder why the phone was renewing a lease which had no timeout , and especially after only 150 seconds ( allowing for the 30 second network request timeout ) . coincident with the wifi dropping , the logs show the phone tearing down the wifi service and restarting it after a failed lease renewal request . because the router has always had a " forever " lease time , my money is on the update introducing a bug in the phone . from my phone log ( note there is a large time between the request and the renewal only because the log captures only a couple of minutes , so i had to capture a number of small log fragments before i tumbled to the dhcp connection ) : since changing my router to use a two week dhcp lease , the phone has had a stable wifi connection for an hour and a half , which is considerably longer than i have seen since i started monitoring this condition . assuming there are no further problems , i will accept this in a couple of days , indicating that the problem is indeed resolved . ( btw , the log collector i used is " log collector " by xtralogic inc , and " wifi analyzer " is by farproc ) . update : 2012-03-29 am : the root cause seems to be an inability to renew a dhcp lease - changing the lease time to 30 minutes caused the connection to drop precisely 30 minutes after connecting the phone to the router . update : 2012-03-29 pm : that there is a general problem renewing dhcp leases is born out by testing all day with a short lease time ; every ( or very nearly every ) attempt at renewing the lease fails , and then disconnects and reconnects the wifi service . now knowing precisely what the problem is and what to search for , it may be that this is a long-standing problem with the android wifi service , present since 2.2 and still a problem even in 4.0 .
cyanogenmod is a tweaked kernel . because of this it is faster , since the team that make it work pretty hard to make android more faster and stable as possible and also it is already rooted , so you do not need to go all over the process of rooting again . i highly recommend you to check the cyanogenmod wiki
to add the current page as a bookmark , in the browser : menu-> bookmarks-> add bookmark then you can long click the bookmark and select ' add shortcut to home ' which will add an icon for the bookmark on the desktop . alternatively , long click on the desktop , then select add item-> shortcut-> bookmark
well , i did a more thorough research and found that deleted mails actually are archived rather than deleted . what i did not realize is that deleted mails are not in fact moved to [ imap ] /trash , they are just labeled like that . so they still are in all mails and can be found by browsing or searching . other labels are also preserved . this is a feature of gmail imap regardless of the client . problem solved - there was not any problem in the first place : )
as per their faq : how many kindles can i use to access titles in my library ? most books you purchase from the kindle store may be simultaneously accessed for your personal use on up to six kindles or kindle-compatible devices ( such as kindle for pc or kindle for iphone ) registered to your amazon . com account . if the limit is less than six simultaneous copies for a specific title , you will see the message " simultaneous device usage : up to x simultaneous devices , per publisher limits " on the amazon . com detail page . if you reach the device limit and want to replace one of your current devices with a new one , you must first deregister and delete the content from the device you wish to replace before you can access the content in question from your new device . for device registration instructions , please see the help page for the device you wish to register/deregister on the kindle support pages . subscription content such as magazines and blogs can only be downloaded to one kindle at a time and cannot be accessed from kindle for pc . so yes , you can read the ebook on multiple devices , but be aware that there is a limit of 6 ( or fewer ) devices .
adb sideload does not transfer the file to the sdcard permanently . to sideload correctly , you need to pick that option from the recovery first and then when the phone is waiting for the sideload type , adb sideload &lt;PACKAGE&gt;  if you want to push the file to the phone 's sdcard , you could try , adb push &lt;PACKAGE&gt; /sdcard/  that should copy the file over to the sdcard . keep in mind that there is no progress bar . edit : try the following to restart the adb server , adb kill-server  then , adb start-server  then check if the instructions work again .
what you are referring to are called htc scenes ( hero scenes link ) . off the top of my head i do not know of anything like that and only htc devices have the htc scenes . i just did a quick search of the market and did not come up with anything so my initial guess is : no , there is nothing like that currently . you would either need a sense-based custom rom ( not sure if there are any for the droid x ) or an htc device .
there is no manual or faq i have found for the program so i am not certain if this is the way they intended it to be used . it does work , though , and i can not see an alternative method of using usb . you need adb installed along with the proper drivers for your device . this varies with platform and phone , so check google or xda . enable usb debugging on your device -- settings > applications > development > usb debugging plug in , start droid vnc server on a command line , run these commands : adb forward tcp:5801 tcp:5801 adb forward tcp:5901 tcp:5901 visit http://localhost:5801 with a browser or point your vnc client to localhost:5901 i do notice that performance is not any better over usb vs a 802.11g , so i would only recommend going to the trouble of this if accessing your device via wifi is not feasible .
if you have a fastboot-enabled bootloader then it should be pretty simple . just put the system . img file somewhere on your pc , connect your device via a usb cable , reboot into your bootloader 's fastboot mode and then : fastboot flash system /path/to/system.img  if you do not have fastboot then you will have to jump through some more hoops . one option would be to use something like unyaffs to extract the contents of the system . img ( if it is an ext2/3/4 filesystem then just mount it ) and then package it up as a zip file that can be installed from a custom recovery . there are some tutorials floating around that explain the syntax of the installer script file , but the easiest way to figure it out would probably be to download a custom rom for your device , unzip it , and look at the updater-script file ( should be META-INF/com/google/android/updater-script in the archive ) . you may also be able to get away with simply using dd on the device , though i would be careful if you decide to try it , and make sure you are booted into recovery : adb push system.img /sdcard/ adb shell dd if=/sdcard/system.img of=/your/system/partition  alternatively , you can often build the source so that it creates a zip file instead of raw images , then install the zip from recovery . i would suggest checking to see see if you have something like make otapackage available to you .
there is no os-wide " trash " or " recycle bin " like other shells have . however , the android design guidelines recommend app authors to put something like that in each app as appropriate , to allow undoing deletes . thus , in one app , a delete button might delete the content immediately , while another might mark the content as deleted but wait for some time before deleting any files in the filesystem . there are even more possibilities with apps that sync to a server : they might need to keep ' deleted ' content around for the next sync , or it might be on a server somewhere , never deleted . in addition , not every item of user data you might delete is a file . some apps might store things in a database , so after you delete an item , part or all of it might still be present in the app 's database . of course , like any filesystem , once a file is deleted , most of its content remains on the storage . someone with physical access to the storage , or a rogue root app , can almost certainly still read it for quite some time after it is deleted . it is pretty easy to recover files in this way , especially if your phone acts as a usb mass storage device when plugged into a computer .
you lost all your contacts as it was tied to the old one , registered a new one , then when ics sync'd , nothing there . . . as it was on a newly registered account . question is what happened to attribute you to getting your previous google account closed ?
had the same problem . solved it by clearing defaults in my gallery application .
you can simply use an app like wifi file transfer as explained in this answer . you can use a usb otg cable and connect a mouse to use your phone for your data recovery process . you may have to hurry as the water that is already inside the device can harm the hardware in your device . keep the device turned off and remove battery . try to give it a little bit of sunlight . do not expose it to direct strong sunlight .
from what i read a few days ago , tablet cannot run android market ( and therefore will not be distributed with it ) until 2.3 is released in the early part of next year . i have heard of a few tablets being released using the manufacturers own market-type application but nothing using the official android market . i think we will have to wait until 2.3 is released before we hear about tablet support = ( gary
try es file explorer . it can access user shared folders + administrative shares .
a microsd nfc reader has been certified for commercial use ( visa certifies devicefidelity’s in2pay nfc microsd ) . we used a nexus s to read , display , and share a video from an rfid sticker the internet of experiences : consumer-based advertising using the nexus s . xtremesignpost consumer-based advertising .
i found a nice solution with hacker 's keyboard it is free available in the google store and you can choose between many keyboard languages . the nicest thing for me is that , even if i choose the croatian language , i can still easily write german umlauts , which i need as i live in switzerland .
no , it will not update google maps . you will have to update that manually or through google play . however , after you download and install the ota update , you may receive a google map update notification . just make sure you do not set your google play apps to auto-update , so you can close / ignore those notifications . source : comments on cnet .
i found an app called panic alert button which does exactly what i was looking for .
what system are you running the emulator on ? at the moment , it just seems like your system is probably too slow to run the emulator . the emulator is very resource intensive , and unless you have a high end machine it is going to be very slow . for the start , you had want to start with a smaller screen resolution . tablet-sized screen resolution is practically impossible to emulate unless you have a very high-end machine , try wqvga size . next check how much ram you allocate for the virtual machine , if it exceeds the amount of free ram you usually have when you do not have the emulator running , then it is going to be very slow due to heavy swapping . also , close other applications running on the system to free up resources .
download the zip to your computer , boot up the phone in normal mode ( just press the power on button when turned off - no bootloader , fastboot or anything like that ) and connect it to the computer via usb . the phone memory that opens up on your computer is where you should put it . it really does not matter the exact location , as long you can access it later in the twrp recovery ( the download directory mentioned in the guide is also there ) . then you can proceed with step 10 ( or step 15 if you have already installed the twrp recovery ) .
gtasks allows you to work with you task list offline on your phone and then sync when you have internet as do most task managers that sync with google tasks . i have never tried any of the others but i can say from experience that gtasks works well .
there is an app for this called secure deletion for android , which can be used to overwrite the data . another way to obfuscate the data would be to encrypt the device before using factory reset . this encrypts all your data , and after the device is reset , it will be very unlikely that the data can be recovered .
go into the people or contacts app . at the top of the list is a heading me with a special item to set up my profile . click that item and it takes you to the " new contact " screen . on this screen , to the right of the " name " field , there is a little grey " contact icon " box . if you click that you can replace the photo with a picture from the gallery or by taking a photo .
it could be done technically . afaik all communication between mms enabled components is done via standard tcp/ip . but in a regular provider setup the mms store and forward server ( s ) ( mmsc ) are only reachable via the providers network . that is why you can not send and receive mms via wifi . it is also the reason why you can not make a call and send/receive an mms simultaneously when you have only 2g ( gprs/edge ) connectivity . normally android will drop the gsm data connection if there is wifi connectivity and all data will be routed through the wifi interface , but there is one exception : the mms traffic will still go through the mobile data connection .
the phone should be in download mode : take out the battery plug into usb ( apparently skip this if you have an i9000 -- see comments ) while holding both volume buttons ( note , you may need to hold home+voldown instead ) insert the battery click the power button phone should go into download mode after a few seconds : you may need to disconnect from and reconnect it to the computer after this for odin to see it .
load the kernel . zip file into the pda field of odin , and ( if you have it , should have come with odin ) load the 512 . pit file into the pit field of odin . then flash it just like you did for the froyo rom . a stock rom is just a rom that is not modified by anyone , it came straight from samsung . if you are not using a lagfix already , you probably do not need a stock rom however . you should be able to find one easily enough in the xda subforum for your device , if you want it ; use js5 , since that is what the kernel is based on . your paid apps are recorded in your google account . you will never lose your purchase rights to them ( barring any service suspensions and that sort of thing ) . you can , however , use something like titanium backup to back them up ( requires root ) . you can back up the entire device using clockworkmod / nandroid ; look for rom manager in the market ( requires root ) . one question : why are you using that over straight voodoo ? voodoo 's perfect , and i believe supercurio has taken stock kernels and added only voodoo so you do not get any other random stuff .
i am not familiar with how htc sense deals with vibration settings , but this does sound like a bug . as a possible work around - you could install tasker and set a profile for every time you turn the screen on to set vibration off . this is a nasty hack , but would stop the vibration function on your phone from coming on all the time .
handcent sms is the most oft-recommended sms replacement app on this site , so it is probably good to try . if you have no issues with it , then i would assume it is just a buggy sms app that you have and not a deeper problem . if you do not mind losing all your messages you could try going to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications , finding the sms app ( "messaging " or similar ) , and clearing the data for it . there may also be something like " messaging storage " that you need to clear . i do not know of any app that will improve performance of the existing app , and replacing a messaging app can be tricky . i would recommend a custom rom that has had some of these bugs worked out . this xda topic has a good overview of roms for your device .
the general opinion everywhere is that the web marketplace is much better with search results than the marketplace app ( it is really puzzling as to why is such the case ) . and no , the problem is not india specific , it is faced everywhere . the same opinion holds for other stores as well , including apple 's appstore . the good news is , there are a few companies trying to make it better , namely chomp and tapjoy : chomp has been pretty successful and has been solving a truly-existing problem , which is evident since verizon now includes chomp in its tethered phones . for more info , see xconomy . com news article discussing the search issues in the mobile market places and apps like chomp and tapjoy .
im apps that do not require an additional account tend to be few and far between on android ( in my experience , anyway ) , but so far i have seen two : ebuddy - this does have an associated " ebudy id " account that you can register for , but you are not required to do so in order to use other protocols . im+ ( free , pro ) - same as ebuddy above . another potential selling point is that the tablet interface is much nicer , imho .
if you live in non-us country , then you can follow a guide for installing the us-based ics on you xoom that i have written up on my blog . the basic procedure is : install android sdk and motorola usb drivers on your pc download us honeycomb stock rom from here extract all files from this zip file into platform-tools folder under android sdk boot the device into fastboot mode . then from command prompt ( with current directory ‘sdk/platform-tools’ ) run following commands- fastboot oem unlock ( this is red pill , at this point your device warranty voids ! welcome to matrix ! ! ) fastboot flash boot boot . img fastboot flash system system . img fastboot flash recovery recovery . img fastboot flash userdata userdata . img fastboot erase cache now reboot the device go to settings -> about -> update , this will download subsequent rom update and will install it , and then reboot repeat step-7 until all updates are done ( will normally need 4-5 update cycles ) note that it will void your device warranty
as you are using a galaxy s2 which has samsung 's touchwiz interface layered over the android os , some of your questions are specific to touchwiz , so i will answer them that way too , in a way that may not be helpful to people with a different interface : yes , there are a number of lockscreens built in , if you go into settings -> location and security , then you should see a section labelled screen unlock settings selecting set screen lock gives you some options . this is touchwiz specific . on the home screen press the applications icon to get to the apps list , then press the menu button and select edit . you should now be able to drag any icon off the " home row " , and drag any other icon on ( to maximum of four apps ) . there are a couple of other questions on this site about setting up quick dials ( like this one ) etc . but it sounds like you could do what you want by creating a starred contacts folder on your home screen . firstly go through your contacts and " star " any contacts that you had regard as favourites , then find an empty space on your home screen , long-press there , sleect folders from the menu that pops up and then select starred contacts . do not really use folders myself , so i will leave that to someone else . that was the first annoyance i noticed when i got my first android phone a few years ago , i use the sms popup app for that , could not use an android for messaging without it . never even tried doing that , but when you are in their text message conversation you can press menu then more then call .
go to your settings -> applications -> manage applications . select the ' all ' tab and scroll to the current dialer app . scroll down and press the ' clear defaults ' button . now when you select dial , you should be prompted to select a particular app and also have the opportunity to set a new default .
it turns out my probably was solved by something as simple as clearing my cache . which makes me feel pretty stupid , because i should have done that before even bothering to ask . i never suspected this could happen straight out of the box , guess i was wrong .
you could first add a facebook account from  Settings-&gt;Account-&gt;Add new account-&gt;Facebook  then the fb contacts will get synced with their numbers if users have added it on facebook . after that try syncing with the google account . if this does not work , you could always use the ' link contacts ' option provided in almost all contact application . it will detect similar accounts and link them to form a single contact file . hope this helps ! import facebook contects to goole+ .
if you do not want to/can not install the market on your tablet , you can download the . apk file for an app either directly from a website on your tablet or download it on your pc and then transfer it to your tablet . after that you can use any file manager to navigate to the apk and then click on it to install it ( you have to have third party app installation turned on ) . i usually get my apks at android community for devs
you can only zoom without multitouch in reflow text mode , sadly . Menu -&gt; View Mode -&gt; Reflow Text and then hit the t+ button that pops up when you tap the screen .
you can use the ping utility from terminal emulator or adb shell . also : https://market.android.com/search?q=pingso=1c=apps
sipdroid that i what started with but after researching on it and from developers reviews i found that application has some missing functionality like multiple call and transferring calls etc . . . i do not know but may who is expert in sip stack or have time to do can implement missing functionality but i am neither one of them so my desire to get an application that have all this functionality and by modifying it i can integrate into my application and csipsimple is the answer . however its not easy job to build csipsimple into windows environment but there is hack how to do it . so carefully read its wiki about building project into window environment . according to wiki you can build native library or you can go ahead without building the native library . i suggest for windows user to go with without building the native library . if you have read wiki then in " without building the native library " section last line is like " to get the . so files , download latest nightly build from nightly build website and unpack the apk file ( apk files are just zip files ) . then get lib/arch/ . so files and copy it into csipsimple libs/arch/ . so " i have to clarify one important thing about that : first get . apk file of csipsimple . the version of . apk file must same to download version of your csipsimple source code . . here , you can see the source code version . download the same version . apk and do further as described in wiki .
the folders are already there , by default your inbox is shown , while inside your inbox , choose menu => folders and you will see a list of all your corporate folders . pick one to switch to viewing it .
after the latest update , the samsung messaging app provides an option to disable google talk messages . exactly what i was looking for .
android 2.2 is now available for your device , which includes voice search : http://archosfans.com/2010/11/30/froyo-firmware-2-0-54-for-gen8-released-2/
there is a reason why pressing ok has to be done and cannot be avoided is this - the pin number can be of any length of your preference , and by pressing ok that is signalling the intention that there i have all the pin digits entered , now android , please verify ! if there was a way to avoid pressing ok , that would impose the restriction on the length of the pin digits used , once the length of digits is reached ( for example the pin can be four digits long ) , then it would be automatic , but unfortunately in this case , no , you do have to press ok .
you might want to see apps you have installed previously but since uninstalled in order to find an app that you but want to recommend to a friend . you might uninstall an app by accident and want to find it again easily . google play needs to keep track of this information anyway , for two reasons:- you can only review an app you have installed ; even after uninstalling a paid app , it remains available to you , and you can reinstall it again without paying . deleting an entry only hides it from the list ( on all your devices and the web interface ) , and has no other effect .
ah , cripes . i do not know what on earth put this .nomedia file on the root of my sd card . problem fixed .
what you describe is a mix of multiple problems . first , your apps becoming " unavailable " is most likely due to apps2sd being used , and you installed those on your sd card . see : how to undo apps2sd second thing is your card itself ( hardware , the " thing you put inside your device" ) . if it goes broke that often , this rises some hardware related questions . most likely possibilities : your card is broken your devices card adapter is broken something with your card controller is broken you can check 1 . easily in different ways : a . check whether your card causes problems in other devices b . check whether other cards cause the same problems with your sgs if ( a but not b ) => use a new card ( case 1 . ) if ( b but not a ) => have your device checked ( for either 2 . or 3 . ) . hopefully you have got some warranty left . other useful q and as on this site which might prove helpful to you include ( but are not limited to ) : why has my micro sd card suddenly stopped working in my samsung galaxy siii ? micro sd card physically damaged ? how to fix damaged sd card ? fix a damaged microsd card ?
it does not matter where you put them . a convenient place usually is the ( internal or external ) sd card , where you simply could create a Photos folder , and extract your photos to . the gallery app simply checks the devices media database , it does not check the directories directly . this database gets fed by the so-called media scanner , which gets triggered by different system events , such as immediately after a completed boot , or whenever the sd card gets mounted . this is why you do not see the extracted images immediately . see my answer here for how to trigger it " on demand " ( hint : for kitkat , try the sd scanner app ) .
i had the same problem . my solution was to uninstall and reinstall google+ and everything worked fine after that .
that is normal . the htc stock recovery behaves like that . it is different from a custom recovery , you can not do anything with it . the stock recovery does only install the otas you receive officially . no need to worry about it .
i found this page on google 's support site which states the following about restoring your phone 's settings during the initial setup : " important : if you want to restore your settings , you must do that now during setup . you can’t restore data after setup is complete . " based on this , i am guessing there is no way to restore my account data at this point , short of doing a factory reset on the phone and starting over ( undesirable at this point ) . i would love to be wrong though .
google has released google calendar as separate app officially on google play .
do you have any control over the ( presumably wireless ) lan that you are connecting your phone to ? it seems to me that the main part of your problem is just that your phone picks up different ip addresses each time it connects to your lan . if it always had the same ip , then you could either make a note of this , save it in your ssh client , or assign a name to that ip on your other machine ( s ) using a hosts file or similar . are you in control of your network , or do you know the person that is ? you ( or they ) should be able to assign a static ip address , or a reserved ip address , to your device so that every time you connect your phone to the lan it always picks up the same ip address . if it is a small , personal network then this would just be a setting on your device 's record on your router , if this is a larger network then it would be setup on the dhcp server and a matching a name record could also be setup on their internal dns to give you a permanent name .
looks like you are not the only one with this problem . a simple reboot seems to be working for most people , with some having to do a factory reset . if you have to do that , do not forget to use an app such as titanium backup to back up your apps first .
" how do i know if i have busybox ? " open terminal emulator and type " busybox " . if it gives you a giant list of command options , it is installed . if it says " command not found " , it is not . edit rather than putting this in the comments : you could also try su to become root followed by busybox , busybox --version , busybox --help or anything that will give you some feedback and some clues as to what is going on .
i had the same problem , tried cleaning cache and data with no result . so i went in settings > applications > manage apps > all , picked the download manager and " uninstalled the updates " . it told me the app would reset to factory settings , and when i started the phone again , it was running marketplace 3.4.4 and i managed to update and install apps normally after that . disclaimer : i only tried that because i planed to do a factory reset if i broke everything . i do not guarantee the results .
android is a linux too , so a simple example : am start -a android.intent.action.MAIN -n com.android.settings/.TetherSettings &amp; 
there are several ways to get your volume levels back . personally i like to use the ifttt app to set my ringer volume to maximum when i connect to my home wifi . ( recipe ) if you want to fix your volume at a specific time , say , you can create a new recipe using the date and time channel .
i do not really know what caused this problem . i had to unlock the bootloader and sideload with adb . this involved completely wiping my tablet . here are instructions . now my tablet updates just fine .
these steps were using an htc evo with htc sense - your menu options may be different but should be similar . there should be a " format sd card " in the phone " settings " . open " settings " , then go to " sd and phone storage " , then you should see " format sd card " . if the option is grayed out then you may need to unmount your sd card first and then format the card . make sure you have backed up anything you want to save with a backup app or just by copying whatever files off your card onto a computer because this will erase everything on the card . hope this helps
i think this is more than enough . flashing your rom again should be more than sufficient . this not only allows fresh installations of any old apps to prevent spyware , but also dormant any other app data from existing apps to be largely overwritten or deemed as corpses . you can also perform a cleanup using sd maid just to be sure .
root access or superuser is an apk that resides in /system/app . if you remove it with the rest of the apps , you lose root . as a possible workaround , you can try to run : &gt; adb root &gt; adb shell  and see if the shell that adb opens is $ ( normal user ) or # ( root ) . if you are logged as a normal user , i am afraid you will need to reinstall root in your phone . also , /system/app is like C:\Windows or /bin ( in linux ) , if you remove the files there , do not expect the device to run , as it will not have the necessary files to do so .
Unknown Sources simply means applications that are not downloaded from the google play store . even if you put your applications on amazon app store or other alternative stores , your users will have to enable Unknown Sources . you can not change this behaviour , except maybe by modifying android 's sources , but i am sure you do not want to .
it looks like having the screen turn on when sms messages arrive is a stock feature of the samsung galaxy s4 on verzion ( possibly applies to other models and carriers as well ) . i saw threads here and here discussing the problem . there is no setting to disable only the screen turning on . the workaround that i ended up using is as follows : 1 ) disable notification in the stock app : go to settings and scroll down to notification settings and unselect " notifications " . 2 ) install sms popup . 3 ) enable sms popup . then go to addition settings and disable " screen on for popup " . maybe someday samsung/verizon will fix the problem , but for now this workaround seems to work for me .
looks to be bad recognition by google 's code . :-/ happens on mine as well and no setting can change it . google is surprisingly receptive to feedback on its apps ( a bug fix i reported made it into google music 's update ! ) , so two ways to get this fixed : go to keep 's page and click " email developer " and write this up . or , within keep , menu -> send feedback .
the verizon gnex has nfc , it just does not have google wallet pre-installed . it is pretty trivial to sideload it , though , and it is worked just fine the 2 times i used it . another thing to note here is that the nfc antenna is actually on the battery , not in the device itself . this means that if you get an extended battery you need to make sure it has an nfc antenna in it as well , otherwise it will not work . the t-mobile usa and sprint versions have not actually been released yet , so i guess there is no guarantee on those at this point . sprint supported nfc and google wallet for the nexus s 4g , though , so i can not imagine they had stiff the gnex . for t-mobile you could just get the existing gsm version and it should work fine since it is pentaband hspa+ ( it should work on at and t for the same reason , though you would not get their lte service ) .
it is because there is a threshold beyond which it starts deleting old messages . go into messaging , hit the menu button and go to settings . the first option is Delete old messages ( checked by default ) , and the next is Text message limit ( set to 200 by default ) . so you have just hit that threshold and it is deleting your old messages .
this xda forums thread sounds like what you are looking for . note that the apk has only been tested on froyo by the author . personally i use battery indicator pro , it can also tell you how much time is left on the battery for various usage scenarios .
you probably need to root it to gain access to the protected "/system " file system . xda developer 's has a ( probably ) outdated thread how to do it here . after you suceeded , you can take the usual steps to mod it ( remount /system read-write , copy your edited file over , etc . )
accounts and data are not removed if you switch the sim . for obvious reasons : travelling abroad when you do not want to roam , or getting a new phone/data plan from a different carrier , etc . you could guess how mad people would get if their device got wiped by a sim switch . you are not safe , unless you also have set up a screen lock ( or full device encryption ) . all common smartphones act similar here ( windows phone/ios/android ) : if the sim is locked with a pin , it must be re-unlocked each boot if it is present if the device has a screen lock , it must be unlocked each boot and if you switch on the screen i.e. , a sim lock is only bound to your specific sim and it only prevents misuse of your number and phone/data plan , not the device and its data stored within . as soon as the sim is replaced or removed , one does not need the sim-pin to to access the phone . only a screen lock pin ( or password , unlock gesture or full device encryption ) will do .
wifi hardware was faulty . ( this is a common issue ) the wifi chip set no more working . so the whole motherboard should be changed . costs nearly 5000inr ( 80$ ) .
as a last ditch effort , you could try this : use titanium backup to backup all your apps + data . reset the phone to factory defaults . restore all apps and data except for activesync . this will definitely fix your issues . question is , " is it worth the effort ? "
this is possible using adb shell : $ telnet localhost 5554 Android Console: type 'help' for a list of commands OK geo fix -82.411629 28.054553 OK  please read : stackexchange-url
sim contacts are not synced , neither are " phone " contacts . if you had used google contact , they would have been synced with your google/gmail account -- but then you would not have noticed their loss , as they would have been synced back to your new device . had you saved them as sim contacts , they had also be on your new device . which leaves us with the other non-synced variant : " phone contacts " . those are stored on device internal storage ( to be more precise : in a database file located in /data/data/com.google.android.providers.contacts/databases ) , which is not directly accessible by normal users , so you could not have simply copied it . conclusion : as these data are not stored in " my files " , you have not copied them . and as you have factory-reset the original device , you cannot simply restore them from there . so apart from a quite expensive forensics recovery ( done by a data recovery specialist ) from your old device , there is no way to recover those contacts , sorry .
the only way rooting can gain you battery time is if you can uninstall an app that is using a lot of power , and which you can not uninstall without rooting ( i.e. . it is something that shipped with the device ) . i do not know what is on your device , but judging from what i have seen on my droid 3 , there is not likely to be any noticeable change in battery life . on the plus side , if you root the device , you will have the option to get rid of any junk that was pre-installed and thereby not have to see all the update notices for stuff that you will never use and which wants more and more permissions with every update .
the wallpaper was in data/data/com.android.settings/files/  on previous versions of android . however it appears that it was moved as part of the multi-user preparations . the current location is data/system/users/0/  the file is conveniently called wallpaper and it is a png file .
you can use tpacketcapture to route your traffic through a local vpn . the app will then write a log which you can open with wireshark on your desktop and analyze data flow . it will not allow you to see which app sent which packet , but this is as good as it gets without root . although there is a pro version available which allows you to filter out applications .
try directly this if link is originated from an app for android to handle : market://details?id=&lt;package_name&gt; notice : there is no domain and host .
root your phone and use titanum backup app .
according to this , you need an external app and you need to root the phone . some other solutions shared in a google code issue thread . update : using gesture search , i entered " proxy " and got to the proxy settings on my droid . do not know how to get there otherwise , and do not know if it actually works , but there you go . ( someone else mentioned it in that google thread . )
install the avd and sdk manager - i am assuming you use c:\android_sdk edit c:\android_sdk\usb_driver\android_winusb . inf find the section [ google . ntx86 ] and add the following : <code> ; techpad %singleadbinterface% = usb_install , usb\vid_18d1 and pid_0002 %compositeadbinterface% = usb_install , usb\vid_18d1 and pid_0002 and mi_01 </code> find the section [ google . ntamd64 ] and add the following : edit . android\adb_usb . ini and add the following :  0x18D1  note : this corresponds to the device id up top plug device in - you should have an unknown device in the device manager . update the driver on it and manual select the location of c:\android_sdk\usb_driver . it should install the driver and show up as an adb device . run adb kill-server then adb devices remember to turn on usb debugging from the application settings as well
taken straight from android developer site there is no effect on the application performance so long as the external storage is mounted on the device . the . apk file is saved on the external storage , but all private user data , databases , optimized . dex files , and extracted native code are saved on the internal device memory . the unique container in which your application is stored is encrypted with a randomly generated key that can be decrypted only by the device that originally installed it . thus , an application installed on an sd card works for only one device . the user can move your application to the internal storage through the system settings . also -> applications that should not install on external storage ( more details on android developer site ) services alarm services live wallpapers live folders app widgets account managers sync adapters device administrators broadcast receivers listening for " boot completed "
using nothing but your android options will not do the job straight forward , you need to install an app to do your folders , there are two applications ( amongst others of course ) ; one called app mate , or appmanager-organize your apps , both are available at the market , and both will require sometime at first to cache your apps and stuff . i am caching my handset right now , and will get back to here with what is what . [ update ] app mate is no use for you , on the other hand appmanager is way much better , it can even sort your folder applications according to frequency of use but unfortunately the folders it creates on your home-screen is cropped in a strange way , i guess that will be easy for the developer to fix .
ironically the android 4.2.2 update i had been waiting many months for turned finally turned up the day after i posted my question . since i updated i have not seen the problem occur again so i am hoping it fixed it . on the other hand it might just be a coincidence so i will have to see how it goes .
download and install the google calendar from the market . source .
if you do not want to be shackled to itunes for downloading/syncing the actual episodes , you can right-click the podcast in itunes , and select copy podcast url . it will copy the url to the podcast feed to your clipboard . use this url on your android device to subscribe to the podcast there .
the playstore app usually uses /data/local to temporarily store .apk files while downloading , then installs them from there , and finally removes the temporary download-file ( which then went to /data/app ) . the /data/local directory should be readable by all processes ( so no root needed to list its contents ) , as it is used as a kind of " temporary directory " for a lot of things ( you might think of it as a " misnamed " /tmp directory ) . this directory should be " cleaned up " on reboot 1 , so your issue might rather be a broken .apk in /data/app . a new install should solve this anyway . i further recommend using appmonster pro -- yes , the pro version : on each install/update it grabs the .apk file of the installed/updated app and stores away a copy . so in cases like this , you could simply grab a previous version and install it over . just for completeness : there seem to be more such " temporary directories " on android devices . investigating a dump from a stock 2.2 motorola milestone 2 , i e.g. also found /data/download . different devices might use other directories additionally . but that should not affect your playstore question . 1 i can only base this on one of my devices ( motorola milestone 2 , stock android 2.2 ) , where i extracted a nandroid backup stored on my pc . there the init.rc file ( which is called during the boot process ) a.o. contains the following : easy to see : the /data/local directory is created during the boot , which suggests it being empty at this point . same is valid btw . for /data/download
as much as i personally like swype , slideit or swiftkey ( or thumbkeyboard on my tab ) , no vk can ever come even close to replacing a real hardware keyboard . accuracy issues because of screen issues ( lack of true multitouch ) , poor prediction software ( especially on slower phones ) always make me spend more time correcting what i thought i typed than actually typing . unfortunately swapping the phone is usually not an option for most people . i did some googling i found a mini bluetooth keyboard with case that could potentially work for you .
in addition to the well-known titanium backup app ( for which you must purchase the pro key to unlock the cwm/twrp nandroid backup support ) , there is another app now : nandroid manager , which according to its description can restore apps from nandroid backups even with the free version ( there is a pro key too , but it is required if you want to restore special data such as wi-fi access points , bluetooth data , user dictionary and browser data ) . however , i did not try using this app .
are you trying to access the market from a home screen shortcut or from the app drawer ? updates can sometimes break shortcuts so try to open it from the app drawer . another thing you can try is to reset market data from Settings -> Applications -> Manage applications -> All -> Market -> Clear data and Clear cache .
download google play store here [ http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1996995 ] . install it from file manager by clicking apk file . convert to system app via titaniumbackup if you have already bought it as this feature is only available in pro version . or use this app [ https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=de.j4velin.systemappmover ] which is free . you can also move to /system/app folder manually and then set the right permission [ and generate odex file ] but using app to convert app to system app is safer option .
the problem was , that i had the m7att version of cwm installed . must have misclicked when downloading . updated cwm to the generic m7 version and rom flashing works again .
i ended up coding a lot on it . it works quite well . i use igo stowaway bluetooth keyboard ( it fits in a pocket ) . i map esc to jk or jj . i also bring a charger just in case . the small font size does not bother me as much . i just move my head closer to the screen . also alt-tab works for switching application . it is useful because you need to use a stackoverflow for coding :- )
there is no alternative for kies . kies is the only offical way to update samsung 's android devices . to unofficially flash/update samsung devices odin ( for windows ) and heimdall ( for linux ) are the de facto standard . these two a very reliable .
did you try " volume up + menu button + power button " ? that should get you to recovery mode and you should have an option there to factory reset your phone .
i eventually just stopped using the app . not worth my headache . thanks for the help .
keepscreen can let you choose some applications and select a specific screen timeout for each of them . so you could just set the clock application with the " no timeout " option .
these are the steps i took on my htc desire running android version 2.2 to delete all calendar data , and in turn the pc sync calendar : on the phone , open settings > applications > manage applications click the “all” tab at the top of the screen scroll down and tap the calendar storage application tap the “clear data” button , and confirm you’d like to proceed . now all the calendar data is gone from the phone , running your sync processes again to populate only the calendars you want on your phone .
yes you can . both sim can be used for internet and voice calls . you can also select which sim can be used for internet and which can be used for voice calls . the settings can be found under Settings-&gt; Wireless &amp; networks .
no , it is not normal . the following might seem obvious if you are familiar with android , but it is worth a check . android has separate volume levels for media ( such as music ) , notifications , and in-call . it also has a separate volume level for when you are using headphones , to avoid deafening yourself by plugging in headphones when the volume is high . it could be that the " in-call without headphones " volume is very low , and the other volumes are normal . try turning up the volume ( with the physical volume keys ) while you are in a call ( with no headphones plugged in ) , and see if that solves the problem . if not , it sounds like a hardware problem with the speaker that goes next to your ear . there is a separate speaker for when it is on speakerphone , or for music or videos . in that case , a warranty claim would be the appropriate course of action , especially if this is a new phone and it has always had this problem .
check your androidmanifest . xml and see if you have below prezented : there is no button for tablets : ) you have to make it available for that type of screen . hope this helps .
the limit is actually placed on virtual size of the downloaded area . the upper limit is approximately 80mb of data , and the lower limit is smaller than maps displays , somewhere below 100kb , equivalent to around . 6 square miles . here is one place that mentions the 80mb limit . in my own testing , i was able to download up to 87mb of data , which is approximately 5625 square miles . this may have been coincidence , but in my testing , the allowable size ranged from a square . 75 miles on a side to a square 75 miles on a side .
there are tons of apps that do batch uninstalling but here 's a simple free one that i know works : uninstaller pro a lot of the more full featured app managers also have a batch uninstall option . i like to consolidate functions into as few apps as i can . now i use smartbar which has a good app manager with batch uninstall .
just for reference of others , here is some background on the . ab file format . the android backup ( * . ab ) file is a compressed tar file . it is compressed using the deflate algorithm . on top of that , there can be aes encryption used . this is determined when you create the backup , if you enter a password then the backup is encrypted , otherwise ; there is no encryption , it is only compressed . the header of the file is a little different then a normal delfate archive . it contains information about the backup and looks like the following : ANDROID BACKUP 1 1 none  the first line is the " magic " line . the next line is the version of the android backup file format . the next line is a boolean ( true or false , 1 or 0 ) indicating if the file is compressed . the last line is the type of encryption . this example is not using any encryption . if there was a password , the line would read " aes-256" . after that is the encryption cypher . if no password , then the deflate " archive " starts . it is compressed using the java deflater . which , from a developers perspective , causes issues if you want to use anything besides java to extract it . i have not been able to find anything that can deflate it using the same algorithm , even though all that i have found ( for like c# ) are supposed to follow the " spec " . with that said , there is an open source project under the apache 2.0 license , written by nikolay elenkov that will allow you to extract the . ab in to a tar file . usage : java -jar abe.jar unpack &lt;backup.ab&gt; &lt;backup.tar&gt; &lt;password&gt;  if you are not sure how to really use that ( which is beyond the scope of this answer ) the next version of droid explorer v0.8.8.7 ( available here ) will allow you to do exactly this , and more , right from explorer . you can read more about the features on my blog ( yes , i know , shameless plug . i do that when it fits the question )
whenever android needs more ram , it will kill anything in the " background " the htc sense is background if you are playing a video game or any other app . so when android sees that it needs ram , sense with it is fairly large memory footprint is a prime candidate . think nothing of it . if it crashed you would get a " force close " . some launchers do tricks to force them to not be killed by android but that has a negative effect on ram availability for foreground apps .
you can use any standard midi keyboard with your device . ( src ) there are several keyboards with korg and roland . choice of the device is all yours . but unfortunately there are reports that your nanopad is not working with this as you asked in your original question . ( src ) you may want to verify that with the manufacturer first , before you go for a new one . once you have a standard midi device ( which does not require driver installations ) , you can use apps like usb midi monitor or grand piano note : you can try ebay for good solutions . visit a local music store and check compatibility before you buy as izzy suggested
according tho this post , that feature was removed as of version 5.10 of google maps app because it was never properly working .
i found an option in the Launcher Settings of holo launcher which allows choosing the default launcher . setting it to the correct one ( holo/default ) takes care of the issue .
android will not run anything from the app as soon as you install it . an app can only set alarms , register broadcast receivers , etc . after the first time you run it manually , for example by : launching one of its activities from the launcher clicking open in the play store app creating a home screen or lock screen widget provided by this app starting it from another app ( via a share action or the like ) this is not a complete list , but it should be pretty obvious what actions start the app . if you have not started the app , it can not have run yet , unless the author is able to exploit a bug in android that no one else knows about . this is very different to the situation on desktop oses . in windows and most gnu/linux package managers , installing an application consists of running code provided by the app author . in contrast , android is designed to limit what apps can do . android itself installs the package by reading its manifest , which tells android the name of the package and what components it contains . android unpacks the app 's files to its own private directory in internal storage , without running any code provided by the app . if the app wants to do any further setup ( such as performing an anti-piracy check , or getting you to sign into a server ) , it can only do this when you first run the app .
it does not update only when it is visible . because all widgets are drawn by the host ( i.e. . the home screen or lock screen ) , there is no way for the widget provider to tell whether the widget is visible or not . it would be possible for the service that keeps changing the widget to find out when the screen is turned off . in recent android versions , you could verify that using the battery screen in settings . add the widget to your home screen , then ( while the phone/tablet is not plugged in ) leave the screen turned off for some time . turn it back on , and see if your task manager app is listed on the battery screen . regardless of the result , your task manager app is probably doing more harm than good . android is not like windows : it is designed to keep as much memory in use as it can , and only frees memory when it has to . see do i really need to install a task manager ? for more info .
your confusion is most likely caused by the way the playstore handles installs/updates . they are first downloaded and stored in internal storage ( not on sdcard , but /data/local ) , then the app is to be installed on the same partition ( /data/data/app.package.name ) -- only after that the download can be deleted . in your case , this would mean a 12m download , which then needs to be unpacked ( at least another 12m , or rather more ) -- which could sum up to 30m or more . a safety margin needs to be kept to keep the device from crashing -- so you get the " insufficient storage " error . see also : package install via market sometimes fails and gives seemingly random error message
the answer is usually " no . " the framework changes introduced with manufacturers ' ui overlays ( samsung 's touchwiz in the case of your galaxy s ii ) most likely make the stock apps like phone , contacts , calendar , etc . incompatible with custom roms like cyanogenmod rom that are based on aosp ( android open source project ) .
ok , this answer does not get to the root cause or the " why it happened " but the issue is now resolved . it may help others if their purchased applications are suddenly not available on google play for installation on a new device . i received an notification to update my android firmware and reboot . i followed the instructions , went into google play and my purchased items were now available . i can not explain why , they just were .
short answer there is no such thing as " randomly break " , phone owners tend to use or make up terms to disguise their ineffectiveness to explain what happened , or as an excuse to avoid saying " i broke my phone " . common factors leading to the glass or the display damage are , but not limited to : manufacturer fault , a damage batch ; device falling or getting tossed ; user sat down with the device in his back pocket . keep reading as to better understand the misleading information found on the mentioned forums ! clear some ideas randomly break there is no such thing like " randomly break " , every device that physically breaks has a cause behind . faulty software the software is not responsible for the device physical damage , the software interacts and allows the usage of the hardware . every software that directly interacts with the hardware has built in fail-safes to prevent abuses . take the example of a battery charge , when you are charging the system may present you with a message informing that the charge process was interrupted to prevent heat damage to the device . glass or display while users tend to call screen and say " my screen is broken " , they should actually be specific enough as to clarify if the glass is broken or the display module is broken . the two are very distinct , carrying different reasons as to why they may have broken . why would a glass or display module break ? the glass the motorola droid razr maxx comes equipped with a gorilla® glass . despite the heavy promotion that its indestructible , there is no truth to that . this glass enables your device to resist damage like scrapes , bumps and drops , from the abuses that come with everyday use . a small drop in the right angle can shred the glass due to the force propagation within the impact point to the remaining of the device : e.g. , take a 22 inches fall , is just over 4 times the height of the phone . comparing this to a human been , could the average 6' tall person survive a fall of over 24' without breaking in some way ? on the other hand , a battery dilatation due to excessive heat will never cause the glass to break . way before that , the plastic casing would crack , some components could even melt , and eventually the glass would fell off , lying on the floor shining like a brand new one : ) from the corning® gorilla® glass - faqs : can i break gorilla glass ? if subjected to enough abuse , gorilla glass can break . however , gorilla glass is better able to survive the real-world events that most commonly cause glass to scratch , chip , or break . the display schematic of an active matrix oled display the motorola droid razr maxx comes equipped with motorola 's super amoled advanced . while the glass is designed and used with one specific purpose , the protection of the display from scrapes , bumps and drops , the display can be affected from other directions , not just by its front . if a phone falls and hits the ground by its corner , the glass has no effect protecting the display . the phone casing may not be sufficient to absorve the impact , and the resulting force from the impact may damage or even crack the display . the display is actually more sensitive than the remaining components of a mobile device . prevent damaging the display or glass the best way to prevent damage to the device , either by accident or by careless handling during use are : avoid charging the device while exposed to heat or direct sunlight . protect it with an exterior rubber casing , to absorb the impact force generated when it falls . if carried closely with hard objects , consider using a device casing , preferably made of leather or any other robust material to prevent damage from bumps . do not carry the phone inside tight jeans or in your back pocket . your natural movements or if you sit down , may exercise overwhelming force into the device .
if it was shared to your google account , you should be able to find it in Shared with me:
since you are rooted within cm , its a matter of doing the following , provided you have read the following : caveat emptor : the jellybean leaked apks are signed with the signature key used to generate the signed leaked rom of jb , however , it may clash with cm 's own signature key which is , and i will guarantee , different , so may not work at all ! you are on your own from there onwards . ------------------------------------- remounting the /system rewriteable as in adb remount to make it writeable replace the apk 's concerned within /system/app by adb pushing the appropriate apks taken from jb , as in adb push name_of_jb_apk.apk /system/app ( repeat for each apk concerned ) - this will overwrite the apk 's already residing in /system/app remount the /system as read-only as in adb remount reboot , and go into clockworkmod recovery and clear the data/cache , the reason being is to remove the old cached data that was in use by the old apk 's , and thus , minimize the chances of force closes within the relevant apks in question . i will list the actual filenames for the apk 's concerned : sms , the filename is Mms.apk contacts , there is two apks involved , ContactsProvider.apk and Contacts.apk dialler , name is Phone.apk , now , beware , this may have a dependency on TelephonyProvider.apk also . whilst i have mentioned the actual apk 's , i am therefore disclaiming any responsibility for anything that may happen on your handset as a result of replacing system apps .
if you are looking to buy a cable that you can use to attach a usb keyboard to that connector , then everywhere i have seen calls it something like a " 30-pin samsung socket " , and the cables are called something like " 30-pin to usb otg adapter cable " or " usb otg adapter cable for samsung galaxy tab 2 " , eg examples on amazon . com , or on ebay . com . samsung themselves either seem to avoid naming the port when they are selling their official adapters and cables that plug into it , or just call it a "30 pin": " galaxy tab adapters " or " galaxy tab™ data cable ( charging ) usb to 30 pin "
i do not believe you need to worry about hardware compatibility beyond the bt specs . your a43it uses bluetooth 2.1 edr so as long as the bt gps supports that it should be all set . you will either need an internet connection to use google maps , or like you were planning , an app that downloads the maps , like copilot . i have not gotten around to buying one yet , but i have been doing some digging in preperation . here 's some links that may help : bluegps4droid - app over at xda that interfaces with the bt gps this guy is using his nexus 1 to give his a70it wifi and gps here 's another relevant thread . . . and another . let me know what you end up doing and what works in case you beat me to the setup .
is it swiftkey ? swiftkey brings the future of text entry to smartphones . it uses touchtype’s breakthrough fluency™ technology to predict the next word you want to type , before you even press a key . [ . . . ] swiftkey doesn’t just predict regular words – it learns as you type and remembers how you write . as words and sentences are chosen over time , its fluency™ engine creates a dynamic understanding of your writing style to boost the accuracy , fluency and speed of prediction .
i found a solution in this answer in the xda forum . to generalize and hopefully be of use to others , the key point seems to be that even if you think you have the right rom for the right device , it might be that your particular model has very slight differences . in my case , if i understand correctly , i was using roms built for the gt-i9100 model of the samsung galaxy s2 . however , the device issued in japan , the sc-02c , has some very slight differences . so , i needed to get be more particular about which software i downloaded .
no . this completely disables all data access . only calls/messages can be used . edit : you might try looking into something called juicedefender . the free version will disable your data access when your screen turns off . good for both battery saving and data-usage saving !
there is a single list of contacts . but smartphones allow many different contact providers ( google contacts , facebook , sim card , internal phone contacts , skype , . . . ) . but they are all shown within the same app in a single list . a symbol tells you where the contact came from . i recommend to use google contacts as main contacts provider . do not save contacts on the sim card and the internal phone memory . google contacts are automatically synced with your phone and the cloud . you can comfortably edit the contacts @ google.com/contacts . every edit is instantly propagated to your phone . and if you change your device you simply add your google account and all your contacts will appear there , too . no more sim card contact importing/exporting . in order to solve the problem of duplicate contacts from different contact providers android provides a ' join contacts ' feature , which merges the information from different providers into one single contact .
it does not appear that you can , at least at this time . not particularly surprising . their app just sends you to m . facebook . com for anything more than basic functionality .
it is a headset ( as opposed to merely headphone ) port , tested using trrs ( tip ring ring sleeve ) klipsch image s4i headset . also , because of the peculiarities of the way htc soldered the fm radio on the 3d , it apparently ( i did not test this , do not have any trs headsets/do not care about fm ) only works correctly with a trrs cable . you will note on android , when you plugin a trrs headset , the icon in the notification area is subtly different ( it has a mic boom under the headphones ) . if the notification area icon only has the ' phones and no mic , you probably do not have the headset plugged in all the way ( happened to me with a case skin on my dinc ) and music will sound kind of funny . the pertinent htc evo 3d forum entry
it does not look like there is an alternative to sms activation just yet . here 's what they say on the prey blog ( emphasis mine ) : prey for android works the same way as it does in portables and desktops . the only difference is that there’s no standalone mode ( yet ) , and the activation is not done via the control panel , but by sending an sms to your phone with any message you want . as this is currently meant for phones , if you have no data plan on a device , it cannot recieve an sms and therefore cannot activate prey remotely . the good news is that it seems like standalone mode is being introduced in newer versions post v0.51 , and only on android 2.2 and above ( no issue in the case of you xoom )
the setting at the domain level was the issue . i enabled it , and it starting working a few hours later . this should not be an issue for standard google accounts - just google apps accounts .
google docs on android has no offline cache at the moment . source the browser version has this functionality . i hope the android app get 's offline docs too , that would be awesome . : )
motoblur has a bunch of widget-based applications which bring your social networks and/or emails together for ease of viewing , as well as weather , rss feeds and other simple ui elements/widgets that can come in handy . however , motoblur keeps a process running in the background for each service ( type of widget ) and thus many people ( myself included ) forego it and install a non-motoblur rom to conserve ram , cpu and battery . but if you are an avid user of social networking sites then it is a good choice and worth the battery drain .
while it amounts to recommending major surgery for a small problem , cyanogenmod has customizable lock-screen controls . ( my wife 's g1 is configured to unlock when she pushes the menu button . ) of course this requires rooting , modding , and hardware buttons . . . but it is a solution .
it seems my problem was in my battery saver app ( in this case 2x battery ) . i read a question in this site couple days ago . the problem of questioner was like me and he/she answer it , and said problem was from battery saver app . i think if i disable this option ( wireless saver ) it goes well . but just after disabling the hole app it fixed . for now i check it and i did not have any problem . p . s : i really forget the title of that question or link of it . if i find that , i set it here for others .
summing up all the comments : will google save the locations ? definitely . as soon as you want to use the more battery-friendly “network based location” you have to agree that google collects your location data “to improve its services”: click image for larger variant so “location history” and ”location report” are meaningless in this context . as it was adressed : whilest theoretically you should be able to delete all collected data associated with your account , first google claims here it is “anonymous” ( so not connected to your account ) – and second , noone except google can tell if “deleting” really means the data was “destroyed” . different reports rather suggest otherwise , as e.g. a german tech magazin found out : they decided to delete all backups from google servers . weeks later , they wanted to test a new device , and configured it with the very same account . miraculously , that device immediately connected to their wifi . how can that be , with the backups deleted ? ( find the full article here , in german ) . will you miss anything when switching to gps only ? depends on your “usage profile” . when no satellites are in sight , you would be unable to find your location . that could be e.g. with heavy clouds , or inside buildings – where otherwise a “coarse location” based on wifi aps and mobile cell ids would be possible . but there are ways to get that functionality back without google : the opencellid project is aimed to provide the data , and there are several connected apps – including alternative open source network location providers . but to use those , your device must be rooted , as these services must be installed as system apps . you can find out more in my android without google series . should you use alternative maps ? that is pretty much opinion-based . i do so , but not solely for the reasons you mentioned . there are alternatives ( part 2 of the just mentioned series names some ) . furthermore , let me quote dan here : the answer to " is x secure ? " is always " secure against what ? " what are you worried about ? it is secure in the sense that it will not let people run malware on your phone , but that is probably not what you are thinking of . imho you cannot avoid completely that some services collect data on you . you can minimize it , you can make it harder for them – and you definitely should not offer your data on a silver tablet . it is always balancing privacy and convenience . so how much privacy you can gain , depends on how much convenience you are willing to give up . more hints not only if you are absolutely paranoid ( correct : today that is called “informed” ) , a custom-rom can offer you advantages . as those usually ship without all the pre-installed bloat , your battery will last much longer ( on my “android device without google” , 3 times longer : 4,5 days , and still 20% left ) . in this context , i have to mention replicant – which is aimed at absolute open-source . unfortunately , only few devices are supported .
k-9 mail supports exchange 2003/2007 via webdav . no support for exchange 2010 , unfortunately , since microsoft removed webdav support in the newest version . see the official wiki page for configuration instructions .
i have found the problem . i changed the density to a higher resolution . after resetting to system resolution , problem was solved . i would still be glad to know if there is a solution that will allow me using the calendar at a high res . as well .
chances are you are using a stock launcher ( maybe samsung 's touchwiz ) that leaves empty spaces when you uninstall an app . if you are using samsung galaxy s4 ( using stock launcher ) , you can go to the apps screen , and click on left menu key &gt; View type &gt; Alphabetical grid . if you are not on an s4 , see if you can find something similar to this . if you do not have the Alphabetical grid option , you can install a 3rd party launcher like nova . nova can sort your app drawer alphabetically .
on the electrify , the external sd card is mounted at /mnt/sdcard-ext/ while the internal is at /mnt/sdcard/ . the two are logically separate and cannot / should not be merged . on the mesmerize , the external sd card is mounted at /mnt/sdcard/external-sd/ as if it were a subfolder of the internal sd storage , which is also mounted at /mnt/sdcard/ like the electrify . the two are just as separate as on the electrify , however , and the subfolder is not " real " . if you connect your phone to your pc you will see two separate drives for them , and the " external-sd " folder on the internal storage will show up as empty &mdash ; since it is ! i think what is happening here is that you want your data &mdash ; downloads , possibly pictures and music , etc . &mdash ; from your mesmerize 's internal sd , and you thought it was all on the external sd . ( i do not blame you , this system of having two areas both called sd is confusing . ) what i would do is : power off both phones remove any external sd cards from both phones to avoid confusion power on both phones connect both phones to your pc and mount the internal storages on both to your pc copy the content of the mesmerise 's internal storage over to the electrify 's internal storage properly dismount both phones from the pc power off both phones re-insert your external sd card ( s ) power on the electrify and go happily on your way
the thunderbolt has dlna , so if your tv supports dlna you can use that . on my samsung phone , you use the allshare app for dlna , but i think the thunderbolt has another app built in . page 275 of the user manual describes how to use dlna . this droidforums thread has a discussion of ways to use dlna without a compliant tv , i am not sure how well other ways will work . there is also a " multimedia dock " that is supposed to be released shortly , it is " out of stock " until then . that should provide a cable-based way of video output .
replace the usb port . you can find them ( port and ribbon ) on ebay for $13 , including shipping . there are 6 screws to open the phone up . separate the outside case ; there is 1 screw at the bottom once you open it . take out the large black piece ( i think its the mic and vibrating mechanism ) . undo the bottom portion of the antenna . undo some of the connectors on the the main board to be able to lift the bottom up some and gain access to the usb ribbon . remove and replace with new ribbon . be careful when lifting the main board and removing the usb ribbon to make sure nothing is connected so you do not rip or break anything . plug all connectors and antenna back in . put the battery in to make sure it turns on and you have reception . if you are good , turn it back off and screw everything back together . make sure you get a little kit off ebay with the tiny screw drivers and the plastics tool to pull apart the case housing .
unfortunately it is not , my galaxy s ii already has a lot of little scratches on the camera " glass " , and unlike in my old htc desire phone , gsii does not have extra " glass " in the back plate to protect the actual lens . so when it gets scratched i cannot just exchange the backplate : ( . i treat my phone very gently , so i am very surprised to see the lens having some many little scratches : ( . clearly in gsii the lens is way too unprotected and near the surface when you place it on flat surface . as a extra step , i bought case-mate " though " case to add a bit more space between the lens and flat surface . although the lens is scratched all the pictures seem to be just fine . phew . . .
you have to enable " multiline text entry " in the options und " look " ( roughly translation from german localisation ) . after that you can youst hit enter in the node name . to confirm the node name then , you have to tap outside of the writing area of the node .
try using an alternative to the stock sms app like handcent sms . a cautionary note - turn off the auto delete option ( the option to auto delete messages older than x days ) . an additional note - since your sms store seems quite precious to you , i would also recommend sms backup and restore . it can backup your sms at scheduled intervals and also email / upload them to dropbox if need be .
you will be unable to do this without a rooted device , as the /data directory can only be read by the android system , and apps can also read their own /data/data/&lt;package name&gt; directory only . android devices do not come with sudo , and you need to be rooted to use su as it switches to the root shell ( on unrooted rom 's , su can not switch to the root user , as the kernel denies it ) . if you do find a way to root the device , ( which may be difficult ) , you can mount the /data partition as rw , then you can copy files from it . use these command to remount the /data patition : su mount -o remount,rw /data the su command can only be executed on a rooted device . edit : just for clarification , the sms backup and restore app uses an api call to get the sms messages via the messaging app , hence the need for the READ_SMS permission . edit2: most rooting methods do not wipe the device data , however some do . you would have to google for a way to root your droid 2 however , and see if it wipes the data .
for the process to work , requirements are : titanium backup zip file , see below the license key file TitaniumBackup_license.txt . the idea being , is copy the license file and install the app onto the new device . caveat emptor this is only for legitimate licensed titanium backup owners . device is rooted usb cable plugged into device functioning copy of adb . step 1 . easiest way , is to generate the titanium backup zip file , tap menu scroll to the bottom , titled ' special features ' tap on " create ' update . zip ' " scripting type - edify default titanium backup will be installed as - user application default select the name of the output file - titaniumbackup-6.1.0 . zip tap that selection this will create the appropriate zip file on the /sdcard . pull that zip file across to your pc , as in adb pull /sdcard/TitaniumBackup-6.1.0.zip . unzip it , the file to look for is data/app/com.keramidas.TitaniumBackup.apk step 2 . pull the license file across to pc , as in adb pull /sdcard/TitaniumBackup_license.txt final step . now with both steps completed , it is a matter of : pushing the license file across to the new device as in adb push TitaniumBackup_license.txt /sdcard . it must be the root of the sdcard , anywhere else , it fails ! install the apk , as in adb install data/app/com.keramidas.TitaniumBackup.apk now launch the titanium backup , it should pick up the license file and treat it as pro version . in the event it does not , its likely a very weird glitch in the application , try reboot the device , to see if it works , if not , report it to the developers . ( i have this problem on my xperia mini , have a valid license , and it does not recognize it despite having the license in the root directory of the sdcard ! ) the hardcore way this will apply to any app . gist of these steps , is to move the application to /system/app . remount the system as re-writeable , adb remount shell in via adb and invoke su , adb shell followed by su . move the app from the /data/app to /system/app directory for example : an app called fooBarApp its underlying name is /data/app/fooBarApp-1.apk so without further ado : cp /data/app/fooBarApp-1.apk /system/app/fooBarApp.apk ( we need to drop the -1 part of the name as system apps do not have them ) rm /data/app/fooBarApp-1.apk ( to avoid duplication ! ) at this point , the ownership may get clobbered , or the permissions , for that matter , so make it chmod 644 /system/app/fooBarApp.apk reboot
smartphones and tablets have an obvious problem with events like mouseover : when there’s no mouse cursor , there’s no way to mouse over controls . some techniques may be applied as a work around , but it is hard to have them working decently . testing : with minimal success do not know what browser are you using , but with my phone : agent : mozilla/5.0 ( linux ; u ; android 2.3.3 ; en-us ; u8510 build/huaweiu8510 ) applewebkit/533.1 ( khtml , like gecko ) version/4.0 mobile safari/533.1 if i long press the menu that contains a sub-menu presented with mouseover , it opens after about 3 seconds ( even though , every two out of three , the click for the main menu gets triggered ) . ps : the website used to test it was developed by me , so i know for sure that there is no support for mobile phones being used .
a factory reset usually does not touch " external storage " ( may sound confusing , but that includes the " internal sdcard " as well ) – unless it explicitly specifies so ( some devices/roms have a corresponding checkbox in the system menu , usually settings → backup and reset , where this might be specified to be included ) . what a factory reset usually does is , basically , to wipe /cache ( where the application cache should be ) and /data ( where the userdata reside , including the apps the user installed ) . which means : nothing is wrong here , it is " working as designed " . if you want the sdcard to be wiped , you will have to do so yourself . you can e.g. use a file manager app , or connect your device to a computer . or simply use a terminal app ( or adb shell ) , and invoke rm -rf /storage/sdcard0/* to have all files removed from there . see also : factory-reset tag-wiki
i do not think there is much you can do beyond trying other wifi tether apps . you could also try using cyanogenmod ( for the gsm version of the hero , or the cdma version ) .
i am in canada and recently made a road trip to the states . when i am planning a trip starting in canada , the whole trip is in km , even if it crosses into the us . if the trip starts in the us , however , it shows everything in miles , even if it crosses into canada . it appears that it is not the location set in your phone but rather the location of the phone itself ( if using " my location " as the departure point - otherwise it is just the departure point ) . you can try this out by plotting a trip from a " miles " country to a " km " country and then clicking the reverse trip . the units changed with me .
are you sure you have the google-experience launcher ? the one that comeswith the nexus 5 and has integrated google now on the leftmost screen ? it does not come with the nexus 7 update , it is nexus 5 exclusive . you can sideload it , but since you mention " five homescreens " you do not have it . you have the stock launcher . if you are using the nexus 7 ' stock ' launcher you cannot remove or add homescreens . you could install nova launcher or another third party launcher . you can easily add and remove screens on these , through pinch out and drag screen to the ' trash can ' or ' x ' icon . specific to g.e. l : you simply remove all the shortcuts from the rightmost screen and it will automatically remove the screen itself . the reverse is true also , drag an icon out of the app drawer over the edge of the rightmost screen and a new one will be created . side loading gel : phandroid ' how to ' with links to the apk files you can easily sideload gel and you will only have one homescreen by default , and integrated google now . this should work on any android 4.0+ device . i have tested on 4.2.2 and 4.3 and 4.4 on galaxy s4 , nexus 4 and htc one .
as i did not find any suitable solutions i decided to write my own widget . it is available on google play : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=eu.siebeck.sipswitch i also made the source code available : https://github.com/robert7k/sipswitch
resetting the phone to factory settings ( Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Privacy -&gt; Factory data reset ) and wiping the microsd card ( after backing up its contents ) should be all that is needed . factory reset dis-associates the phone from your google account , removes any custom apps ( installed on internal memory ) with their data , and clears all the caches . [ edit ] p.s. there is a good chance that the manufacturer ( samsung in your case ) or whoever you are sending your phone to for repairs might send you a different handset . depending on their service terms , they may simply ship you a brand new nexus s , or even a refurb . so jumping through hoops to leave your installed apps intact might be a waste of time .
as per this comment , the place for bug reports seems to be via the about -> send feedback link within the gmail app - this links to this survey page : http://www.google.com/m/survey/mail_ca
htc wildfire is supported by 3 . you need to go to favoured on 3 website and choose skype . then it begins to download .
you do not install system apps , they are automatically detected . after you move it to /system/app/ just remount system as read-only and reboot . if your rom 's not deodexed that may not work but that is a whole other can of worms .
this is an official representative of viber media . the source of this issue could greatly vary . please read this short page in our helpdesk , quoted below outlining some possible workarounds that will help reboot synchronization of the contact list : android : contact list is not showing your friends as viber users ? make sure you are using the latest version of viber . you can download the latest version from http://www.viber.com/ make sure that you are looking at the viber contact list , not your device 's contact list . in order for your contacts to see you as a viber user and be able to call you through viber , your phone number , which is saved on their address book , must be the exact same number that you used to register to viber and vice- versa . try tapping on the ' more ' tab at the bottom of the viber app , then select " settings " and the add a check mark [ √ ] to " show all contacts " once you installed viber , if you do not see someone in your contact list whom you know to have viber , it might be that the list is not updated ( this may be due to an unstable connection during setup , or just a slight delay ) . to update your contact list , re-sync it by re-initiating viber or by manually updating your contacts list . you do not need to uninstall and reinstall viber . shut viber down ( so that it no longer runs in the background ) or turn the phone off , and then re-open it . if this does not work , try the following steps : send the user an invite and if the number is a registered viber user , it will automatically update the viber contact list . enter into your viber contact list , then select the device 's menu button , and tap on " update contacts " . then just click your device ' home ' button . viber will run in the background . in about 30 min . to an hour , check again by clicking on the viber icon . confirm that you have an active internet connection . dial a number manually , using the viber keypad delete the contact with the missing viber badge from your contact list . add it again and make sure to include the country code . the phone number format should include the plus sign , country code , cell code and phone number . the standard format is : + ( country code ) - ( cell code ) - ( phone number ) for example : +1-555-555-5555 for more questions or technical support , please visit our official helpdesk . from the faq : try tapping on the " more " tab at the bottom of the viber app , then select " settings " and the add a check mark [ √ ] to " show all contacts " .
i found the answer i was needing in this video : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7eq7z6_v_fc i was holding down the wrong side of the rocker switch when booting , ending up in " recovery " mode .
depends on how the copy is performed . the sd card contains a couple of hidden files/directories ( especially with app2sd being used , there is the .android_secure folder to be considered ) . usually , when on a linux workstation , a complete copy from sdcard#1 to sdcard#2 should do the job ( cp -dpR &lt;source&gt; &lt;target&gt; ) . same should apply to mac os . as i have no windows , i cannot speak for that .
according to the official twitter feed , their website is having problems right now . try it again later . mightytext is a reputable piece of software , so while we can not say for sure what they are doing with your information ( like any other closed-source software ) , you should not assume it is malware just because it is not working as it should . see also this venn diagram illustrating the situation :
your phone is not using both wifi and 4g , but the 4g radio stays on and stays in sync with the tower ( if you move from a 4g to 3g area while still on wifi , you will see the icon change when it recognizes the tower swtich ) . on my droid bionic ( verizon ) , i have a tasker script that turns off mobile data when i am connected to work or home wifi networks ; my battery life is greatly extended with this setup , and the phone works as i expect ( i am told that mms messages require the mobile data connection , but i rarely receive them , so i can not say if that is true ; if so , it may be one reason the radio stays on by default ) .
as said in the comments the device is partitioned and you can not see all parts of the device on a non root ed device . as an example a galaxy s4 is advertised as a 16gb device , and out of the box shows 9.1 gb available . this is a common practice in android oems it would seem . ( desire x from htc 4gb , shows 1gb ) just to give you a scale of what you are dealing with from addictive tips : let’s start with a list of standard internal memory partitions on android phones and tablets . these are : note : it says " standard " partitions . different companies come out with their own partitions . a good example is the galaxy s4 , and the galaxy s4 google edition . they are absolutely identical hardware in every way . until recently ( with so called ' merged roms' ) no rom from one could be installed on the other due , mostly , to the partitioning of the two devices being totally different . /boot /system /recovery /data /cache /misc in addition , there are the sd card partitions . /sdcard /sd-ext note that only /sdcard is found in all android devices and the rest are present only in select devices . let’s now take a look at the purpose and contents of each of these partitions . /boot this is the partition that enables the phone to boot , as the name suggests . it includes the kernel and the ramdisk . without this partition , the device will simply not be able to boot . wiping this partition from recovery should only be done if absolutely required and once done , the device must not be rebooted before installing a new one , which can be done by installing a rom that includes a /boot partition . /system this partition basically contains the entire operating system , other than the kernel and the ramdisk . this includes the android user interface as well as all the system applications that come pre-installed on the device . wiping this partition will remove android from the device without rendering it unbootable , and you will still be able to put the phone into recovery or bootloader mode to install a new rom . /recovery the recovery partition can be considered as an alternative boot partition that lets you boot the device into a recovery console for performing advanced recovery and maintenance operations on it . to learn more about this partition and its contents , see the ‘about android recovery’ section of our guide to clockworkmod recovery . /data also called userdata , the data partition contains the user’s data – this is where your contacts , messages , settings and apps that you have installed go . wiping this partition essentially performs a factory reset on your device , restoring it to the way it was when you first booted it , or the way it was after the last official or custom rom installation . when you perform a wipe data/factory reset from recovery , it is this partition that you are wiping . /cache this is the partition where android stores frequently accessed data and app components . wiping the cache doesn’t effect your personal data but simply gets rid of the existing data there , which gets automatically rebuilt as you continue using the device . /misc this partition contains miscellaneous system settings in form of on/off switches . these settings may include cid ( carrier or region id ) , usb configuration and certain hardware settings etc . this is an important partition and if it is corrupt or missing , several of the device’s features will will not function normally . /sdcard this is not a partition on the internal memory of the device but rather the sd card . in terms of usage , this is your storage space to use as you see fit , to store your media , documents , roms etc . on it . wiping it is perfectly safe as long as you backup all the data you require from it , to your computer first . though several user-installed apps save their data and settings on the sd card and wiping this partition will make you lose all that data . on devices with both an internal and an external sd card – devices like the samsung galaxy s and several tablets – the /sdcard partition is always used to refer to the internal sd card . for the external sd card – if present – an alternative partition is used , which differs from device to device . in case of samsung galaxy s series devices , it is /sdcard/sd while in many other devices , it is /sdcard2 . unlike /sdcard , no system or app data whatsoever is stored automatically on this external sd card and everything present on it has been added there by the user . you can safely wipe it after backing up any data from it that you need to save . /sd-ext this is not a standard android partition , but has become popular in the custom rom scene . it is basically an additional partition on your sd card that acts as the /data partition when used with certain roms that have special features called app2sd+ or data2ext enabled . it is especially useful on devices with little internal memory allotted to the /data partition . thus , users who want to install more programs than the internal memory allows can make this partition and use it with a custom rom that supports this feature , to get additional storage for installing their apps . wiping this partition is essentially the same as wiping the /data partition – you lose your contacts , sms , market apps and settings .
nexus 4 does not officially support usb otg . but rooting and modding the software can do the trick . here 's a handy guide i found !
most phones use data downloaded from the cell network to speed up the initial position fix when you turn on gps : without these data , it can take several minutes to first get the position , as the gps receiver has to download all the ephemeris data ( i.e. . the latest updates/corrections about the satellites ' orbits ) via the low-bandwidth gps connection . using the cell network to download these data only takes a few seconds , and then you can get a gps fix right away if you have good visibility . it does not actually use the internet at all , which is why it is not affected by the mobile data setting , but since it does download data over your cellular connection , some carriers choose to bill for this as mobile data . see also what is assisted gps ? on this site .
your assumption that contacts , sms and call logs are automatically saved to the sd card was incorrect . they are indeed stored on the internal memory of the device . /data/data/com.android.providers.contacts/ is the most likely storage location . that can change though , depending on android os version , manufacturer/carrier modifications , or even 3rd-party apps that you use in place of built-in contacts/phone/messaging apps . unless you synced your contacts to your google account , backed up sms and call logs , they are now lost after a factory reset .
although i know this is an old question , i have a better answer for whoever is later to find this on google . try using ink over apps , you can download it free from the google play store . i have it on my tf700 and it seems to work perfectly !
you can always try flashing the 4.3 factory image if data preservation is not a problem . grab the image from google , then follow these instructions
if you buy the galaxy s iii 32 gb you get 32 gb of internal memory , i realize that you are worried about getting perhaps 16 gb internal + 16 gb sd-card but that is absolutely not the case , and it would be pretty much false advertising and they would piss a lot of people off . i just looked up the specs and it is indeed 32 gb internal memory for the 32 gb variant . i do not know how specifically the partitions are set up since i have a galaxy nexus myself , but i would not be surprised if it is the exact same , where /sdcard is a separate partition but still on the internal memory physically . so , to answer your question : is the device storage an extension of the primary device memory , or is it treated as a separate memory area that can only be used for data storage no , the device storage is not an extension of the primary memory as far as i know , it is all internal flash memory albeit still partitioned to standard android partitions for obvious reasons , where /sdcard is one of those standard partitions even when no actual sdcard is present . so as far as i understand , you will have 32 gb of pure internal storage .
try this : menu > settings > wireless and networks > mobile networks > data enabled ( that should be checked ) . menu > settings > wireless and networks > mobile networks > access point names , hit menu , tap on ' reset to default ' : )
basic walkthrough for any phone : alternative 1: flash a cwm recovery for samsung , use heimdall . download for ' galaxy s2' or ' sgh-i777' , depending on what you own heimdall also supports a dump command that can be used to backup all flash beforehand command to flash : heimdall flash --recovery CWM-recovery.img enter the newly installed cwm recovery do a backup in cwm to your external sdcard ( be sure there is enough space left ) switch off and check the backup on your pc ( it is located in /clockworkmod/backup/ on the sdcard ) if you are sure your backup is ok , enter cwm again and do a full wipe reboot your phone , do the first-time-init ( google account and such ) install titanium backup + its pro key in titanium backup : extract from nandroid backup alternative 2: applicable if your fastboot mode supports the extended command ' boot ' compatible devices : google 's nexus line , htc desire with patched hboot loader and others steps : enter fastboot mode and load a recovery into ram ( without flashing ) : fastboot boot recovery.img continue with step 3 from ' alternative 1' alternative 3 ( samsung only , but broken on galaxy s i9000 ) : not tried yet , see this as an idea as for now . you are on your own with errors on extraction and restore heimdall implements a ' dump ' and command and a means to print the partition table ( pit ) : heimdall dump --chip-type NAND --chip-id 0 --output nanddump.out.img heimdall print-pit or heimdall download-pit --output nand.out.pit you may then cut the nand dump into pieces ( one for each partition ) and name them accordingly . if successfull , you can then access your data and continue at alternative 1 , step 8 or 4
why is the internal storage no longer visible in thunar ? how can i restore it to its original state ? i do not know how to adapt these instructions to my model of mid first of all you need to get adb working ( android debug bridge if you want to learn more ) . specific information regarding this is available at adb for android developers ( archos internet tablet ) as linked in the answer you provided . when you have adb ready , you should be able to run adb shell . this will give you the ability to give commands to adb and we can start accessing the device . i am quoting the answer you linked here : if the connection is ok , it will start a server and after e few seconds show the '$' prompt . this means you are connected to the tablet and have direct access to the linux shell . if you type ' ls ' you will see a list of folders that contain the operating system and all supporting files that make your tablet work . now navigate to the folder containing the flash file system by typing : cd ./dev/block/vold  if you now type ' ls ' again you should see three or four folders that have numbered names . one of them is '31:8' . this is the folder that points to the internal flash . now we can fix our problem by recreating the ms-dos ( fat32 ) file system on this partition . type the following : mkdosfs -F 32 /dev/block/vold/31:8/  this will fix the fat32 filesystem . now leave the shell by typing ' exit ' , disconnect the usb and restart your tablet . on my system this made internal storage re-appear , and after that it also mounted the sd-card . problem solved . please follow these steps and report if it works or not , please supply any error messages and i will try to help you further to the best of my abilities . is that normal that “internal flash storage” is reported as “0” ? will this give me any problems ? this is likely just due to the fact that the internal storage is not detected by the device . it does not necessarily mean that it is broken or lost forever . i would also like to add as a final point that messing with the partitions on the internal storage is usually a very bad idea . do not do it unless you know exactly what you are doing and why . you should always assume that messing with partitions can lead to data loss .
repligo reader ( $5 ) allows you to copy text and to make annotations . also , if you convert them to epubs the nook app allows you to make notes . it may let you copy text on a non-drm'd book but i do not have any of those so i am not able to test it . ( just note that while the nook lets you read pdfs the nook app currently doesnt .
check out a piece of software such as mobile defense which gives you remote tracking and wiping of your phone .
after researching this in local forums , it turned out to a sim card issue . my carrier had a series of yellow sim cards that for some reason caused this problem . i had my carrier replace it , and i have been on cm ever since ( with a short break for aokp ) .
well that is strange timing ! just received an update notification on the tablet , installed the update and suddenly i can copy files to the sd card , delete files from the sd card and create folders on the sd card with no problem ! this was using the built-in files app . it is still saying my android version is 3.2 , but the build number has updated to h . 6.6-23 , so can only assume this is an update to the drivers or motorola 's software rather than the os itself . found a thread on the xoom owner 's forum mentioning it another uk update ? i just received another update to my uk wi-fi xoom . i already had the original 3.2 update . i did not really catch the update number , but the release notes appeared looked to be the same as the previous big update . it was very small ( only 1 or 2 k ! ) . i could only really think of one reason this might have been sent out , so tried copying from the internal memory to /mnt/external1 ( a 32 gb sd card ) and it worked ! so it looks like this was probably a fault that they have pushed out a fix for , rather than any design problem .
as of version 1.2.5 , tethering has been included in afwall+ , you should only need to enable ( tethering ) - dhcp+dns services
it was indeed wifi channels ( as per phunehehe is comment ) - setting the router to use band 11 suddenly brought the access point back into being detectable . excellent .
alright everyone , i think i may have found something , so if anyone is having this problem , hopefully it can help . i believe it is a problem with google maps . for me , sometimes , when i launch maps and the gps icon flashes a few times without locking and disappearing , that is when the problem starts . well i had the google maps traffic widgets active , and i would use those all the times and did not realize it was not locking the gps , but my speedometer apps would not work , or even maps would not work i uninstalled maps , and reinstalled , did not help . this is what i found that works - do not use the traffic widgets , just open maps and look at traffic if you need to . the second is , if you open maps and gps does not lock , exit maps . open up gps status , let it lock - for me i do not even need to clear or update agps info , but you may need to . exit gps status , not open your speedometer app or maps , and it should work . i have been able to ' fix ' the gps issue this way over the last few days with multiple reboots and intalls/uninstalls of maps . hopefully this can be helpful or at least a start to troubleshooting . good luck !
answering my question after the comments , it turns out only ' pc sync ' would show when creating an event by tapping on a specific day/time , but when using the ' add event ' option , the other calendars would show as an option . once this is used the first time , then tapping on the day/time shows the other options . all good .
the rom that bsnl customer care provided might not have gapps installed . you can download a relevant version of gapps from goo . im/gapps . based on the information you had provided , you can use gapps-ics-20120429-signed . zip . download that zip file and place it in your sd card . install rommanager from their site . once installed , choose install zip option and select the zip file .
ok . just now i realized how it works . if i have a contact whose name is starting with QAP ( for example ; ) . otherwise i do not think in the world any name would start like this ) , then i should type 727 and it will bring that contact on top . basically it works as if t9 is activated for the keypad and that is why it does not show names starting from Q when i press 7 twice . i hope it helps others .
there is currently no way to apply a user stylesheet with the default android browser . if you firefox is not available on your phone , you could install the apk manually , but it may not work since it is not supported . you could download the opera browser , connect it to remote debugging using the dragonfly debugger , and then manually apply the stylesheet via debugging--but there are a lot of steps to that and you would have to add the stylesheet on every page load . this may not be a solution depending on what your needs are for the user stylesheet .
use market applications like permission watchdog or permissions . also , there are several others .
no , you must not reformat it before copying ! formatting a storage device means to prepare it to hold files , and it will delete everything on it ( see the tag wiki of the formatting tag for details ) . so yes , formatting woul imply losing all contents on the formatted device ( in this case , from your sdcard ) . new cards usually come pre-formatted , so there is no action needed either : simply insert and enjoy . i never heard a device prompting you to format a newly inserted card , and i have had some of them . of course , a warning is issued when you manually select to format a card , so you do not accidentally fall into such a trap .
this has nothing to do with the file being of type mp4 and everything to do with the video codec being used . if you have video files that are not playing particularly well on the tablet , you should consider looking at handbrake , a free piece of software that allows you to convert video formats . in-depth instructions are available at how to : handbrake and a500 on xda-developers . basically , you want to use the following settings in the application : load your video in handbrake picture tab - set anamorphic to loose and width to 1280 video tab - select constant quality with a value of 20 audio tab - audio codec aac ( faac ) , mixdown dolby pro logic ii , samplerate auto , bitrate 160 , drc 0.0 there are some settings that can be tweaked in the advance tab ( see the forum post i linked ) . you can then save this profile in handbrake and run this for any video files you encounter . for playback on the iconia , i use mobo player but there are others that work fine .
i found an app : business calendar beta ( free ) that support default reminder .
as i said in several comments , the calendar app is the way to interact with your calendar offline . if you are interacting with the calendar via the browser , you need to be connected . the android browser does not support any sort of " plug-in " .
i am not 100% sure because i have never used the app myself , but knowing that it has a million features i am sure tasker could handle this . tasker
