there are two different kinds of widget in android : appwidget : a small view of an application ( e . g . weather widget ) that can be embedded inside another application ( e . g . home screen ) gui widget : buttons , textbox , etc ; any visual interface element . i believe you are talking about the former ( appwidget ) . an appwidget always belongs to an app . an app that acts as a appwidgethost ( e . g . homescreen apps ) can lend a part of its ui to be managed by the app that provides an appwidget . in short , it is a way of embedding an application inside another application . an appwidget is usually used as a " smart shortcut" ; a shortcut that provides additional logic other than just being clickable and launching an activity . typical examples of appwidget is recent email/sms/facebook/twitter/whatever-your-favorite-messaging-app widgets , astrid 's task list , calendar widget , etc . an appwidget is conceptually a gui widget , except that appwidget is a gui widget that is not provided by android 's framework , instead it is provided by some other application installed in the system .
as far as i know , a fully updated n1 will not have any exploitable vulnerabilities to allow you to root the device . most of the older " one click " and similar methods used things like gingerbreak , which were holes in android that eventually got patched . i have not seen a root exploit on vanilla android since gingerbreak . xda 's wiki has a couple of different options regarding the n1 which work but require unlocking the bootloader , and unlocking will perform a factory reset automatically . they can be found here and basically amount to : unlock the bootloader from fastboot mode with fastboot oem unlock flash a custom recovery ( usually clockworkmod ) flash a zip file from recovery that will install su and superuser for you reboot
i found an app bookmark home which adds add bookmark to the share list . if you send a bookmark to it , it will be stored in the apps own storage , but there is an export option to save all of them in the browser bookmarks .
try this link first - lg l1 support page and checkout the manuals provided . if you do not find what you need then try Live Chat provided below in the same page to ask them directly about this problem . if no chat agents available at that time try emailing them .
you mention dropbox in the comments area of another answer . merely deleting dropbox data is insufficient to cleansing its folders . you must dissassociate the device from your account or the deleted items will re-synch to the device when next possible . start dropbox . settings > unlink device from dropbox . if this was not done , or done improperly , i can understand how the recovery occurred to the phone .
sounds like you custom maps is exactly what you are after .
there is an app called screen resolution that will tell you the , ummm , screen resolution : ) what device do you have , i have seen some specs for devices coming with a 12.1 mp camera , mostly by sony ericsson , but i do not think they are out yet , so it is possible that the manufacture is not lying .
loudness compensation boosts the volume on the high and low ends of the frequency band . as you might expect , the higher you set it , the more it boosts . it is mostly useful for balancing out the sound on cheap headphones , which tend to have poor response at the upper and lower bounds of their range . if you are putting worthwhile sound equipment in/on/around your ears , you probably want to leave it disabled .
honeycomb was a tablet-only version of the os it was only ever released for a few devices the source code was never released not released until the source for ice cream sandwich was available , and even then the android devs noted that 3 . x source was not complete it never had much in the way of market share see also : what percentage of users use each of the android versions ? is android 3.0 honeycomb only for tablets ?
this turned out to be a problem with my router - earlier today i also noticed that i could not connect to my printer either - it seems like the router had gotten in a weird ap isolation mode or something like that somehow - i rebooted it and i can connect to the s4 as expected now .
these suggestions might seem odd and they might not yield any results but they are worth a shot : try using the panorama and video settings in the stock camera , and i do mean actually use them . do not just switch to them and switch back to picture mode . if you are lucky changing modes , taking a panorama/video , then changing back to normal picture mode will reset whatever needs to be reset . in normal picture mode long-press the shutter button . try this twice , one time release the screen as normal and the next drag your finger away from the shutter button before releasing the screen . i am not sure if doing it these two ways will have different results , but i know that if you drag your finger away no picture will be taken .
the device does not run on the charger . it will always run on the battery , unless the battery is not present . the discharge you see can be from just applications on the device running in the background . the charger stops charging the battery when it reaches full status . note that this may not be 100% , even on a brand new battery . my battery does not charge past 96% any longer . once it reaches that , it reports full and the device stops charging the device . the device stops charging once the battery reports full so it does not over charge and damage the battery . this is why you probably see that the battery is at 98% after leaving it on the charger for a while . it does charge full ( any probably to 100% , or close to it ) but then the device stops charging once it is full . it wont just start charging the battery again when it drops below full , because this can also damage the battery if it was constantly charging/not charging the battery .
the latest version of the gmail app ( it has not been released yet , but you can find a copy of a leaked official apk floating around somewhere ) has this feature . it adds a " more details " link on every email header so you can see the actual email addresses used . i am not sure whether this version will work on 1.5 and up , as google has not said anything yet . i know that part of their work in 2.2 was better separating the google apps like gmail from the rest of the platform , so that they could ship updates through the market . so it is possible that this will only become available for 2.2 .
if you enabled " my location " in Settings &gt; Location &amp; Security &gt; Use wireless networks then your cell/wifi and/or gps data will be sent to google to triangulate your location if there is an application in the phone that requested for location . your gps data may also be sent to google if you are using google latitude , google navigation , location-aware search , or use other location-based services . third party applications may also track your location , read their privacy policy before installing those applications if you are concerned . edit : according to android central android does the same sort of thing , boys and girls . and it is supposed to . but it does it right . instead of saving days and weeks and months of location data , it saves the 50 most recent cellular gps locations , and 200 most recent wifi fixes . and it is stored in a little file on your phone . . . . you can shut off android 's location services and stop further caching of location data . it is in settings> location and security .
try upgrading to android 4.4.2 . settings -> general -> about device -> software update -> update . : )
yes . see this method or this one , for example . as per eldarerathis ' comment , these are both for running ubuntu in a chroot environment .
samsung phones that are running touchwiz ( samsung 's fork of android ) do not support native themeing , as is the case with other manufacturers such as sony and acer . you can check if you are running touchwiz by dialing *#0*# on your dialer - if a new screen appears , you are most definitely running touchwiz . to achieve support for the theme apps you see on the play store , you need to install or flash a custom android rom , such as cyanogenmod and paranoidandroid .
i do not think you can set separate default numbers . however what you could do is set a shortcut to message that contact and leave the default number empty so it can prompt you when you call . to set a message shortcut : long press on the home-screen , select " shortcut " , then select " direct message " . this will launch your default messaging app to send a message to that contact to whichever number you set when you create the shortcut . hope this helps
the only way to remove your main google account is to factory reset the phone which removes everything . your best bet will be to download an app that can backup your sms to a file .
from the fring for android user manual , do this after starting a video chat : to switch camera , press the switch button on the left side . if it does not work on the nexus s , it is probably because they have not had time to fix it since yesterday . you can report a bug on their forum .
i have been looking at llama . you can set actions based on conditions , and one of the selectable conditions is NFC tag detected . i have not tried this myself yet , but the program is pretty well thought out . highly recommended !
your answer lies in your question itself , you have mentioned that other than games the phone runs normally ! i think its the games that are causing this , anyway to make sure of that please read ahead . can you specify if it is one particular game or all games ? if it is just the games mentioned in the other link you have provided , can you just try with the following games and let me know how it goes ? temple run 2 subway surfer the games you have mentioned paradise island and dragon city are really heavy games ! also do you play with the charger connected or disconnected ? this was unclear from your question .
my guess would be that Media Scanner was scanning a lot of files . hence , eating up cpu resources and battery . now that you have lesser files , it is probably not working as hard . see if you have Media or android.process.media in System &gt; Battery . a rogue app or a corrupted file could be causing Media to work hard . you could also try to clear the phone 's cache to see if that helps . boot into recovery mode , and clear cache partition .
you can ' encourage ' the phone to rescan the sd card by unmounting and remounting it ( settings > sd and phone storage ) , or by using a little app from the market called ' sdrescan ' ( which essentially does the same thing ) .
this turned out to be a hardware fault which is pretty common on the sgs2 units . the vibration device is mounted next to the audio jack , meaning that it sometimes fails if the jack has been stressed . there is a short video ( warning : nsfw language ) that describes the issues and how to fix them . essentially it works as following : insert a cable into the headphone jack . lightly press on the jack , in the direction of the front-facing camera ( left , if looking at the phone from the front ) whilst lightly pressing in this direction , remove the jack . vibration should be restored . . . for now . the long term fix is to get the vibration motor re-mounted by a qualified repair technician .
the phone now mounts with multiple drives . i think the problem was i had never seen that before on my previous phones and just missed it ! ! : ( my home machine has a lot of drives . i saw one , and missed the second . one drive mounts for the phone memory , one mounts for the ssdcard .
try : -long pressing the notification . -a small dialog that says " app info " will appear . -press " app info " -press " force stop " .
samsung replaced the screen ( it was under warranty )
sounds like a hardware issue . i suggest promptly replacing it with your carrier before your return grace period is up ( 30 days with at and t , for example . ) you will need to do this at the same store where you purchased the handset . i have the exact same problem with my new atrix . unfortunately ( for me ) i unlocked its bootloader , so at and t is refusing to honor the warranty . i sent it in to motorola for repairs , but it is still doing the same thing ( moto was nice enough to re-lock the bootloader , but at and t is still not budging . ) in my case , i have a feeling that it is either damaged battery contacts on the phone , or perhaps a faulty battery itself . i am planning to send it to motorola again ( on their dime this time ) to see if they can fix it for real this time .
it seems that old installation of locale was making problems ; since after uninstalling it problems disappeared . i still do not understand how is it possible for app to influence android systems so badly , since every app should run in it is own sandbox , but at least problem is solved .
there is an app called " just playlists " that states the " none repeating shuffle " as one of its features : http://www.androidzoom.com/android_applications/media_and_video/just-playlists_byqz.html
android scans your sd card . when it finds an mp3 playlist ( m3u file ) it looks for media files in the same path , if it does not find any , it deletes the playlist because it thinks it is empty . to stop this from happening create a file in the folder with the m3u file called .nomedia . this will tell the media scanner to ignore the content in the folder .
i am assuming you have a power cable plugged in . in that case you will have to unplug the cable , turn it on and plug it in as soon as something appears on the screen . i have had this problem several times when trying to flash the phone while tethered to a computer and forgot to take out the usb cable when rebooting .
it definitely is a software configuration . there are 2 possible reasons for this problem : servers its contacting - when google maps on your tablet/phone contacts the gps satellites , its done through a special set of servers . sometimes , the manufacturer might have set the system to connect to a set of particularly busy servers . it has been shown that connecting to other servers with lower traffic can give dramatically faster lock on times . possible bug in the initial configuration - when the manufacturer was setting up the initial build configuration , an unintended bug could have been introduced . the solution to both can be done i believe through a simple fix in the gps . conf file but that would require root access . when i was running the stock firmware on my asus transformer , i was having the same problem . now i am running a custom rom and i have no troubles with lock on in google maps .
i think in many cases updates are to the system partition . the storage on your phone is split across different partitions , the system one is not where you download third party apps to and usually run out of space . so anything an update does on the system partition would not count against you , unless it repartitioned the storage to give system more room , which is rare and usually only heard of in bizarre cases where the device just could not support a newer version of android any other way . please make sure you have gone through the list of apps in your settings and moved any that you can to your sd card , by the way , if you have one . if your phone is rooted , there are other options as well , such as removing system apps that have been updated and are using space in the usual user partition for their update data , etc . .
there are definitely android dlna clients and servers which will allow you to share or receive videos or other media over a wireless network , see these previous questions : dlna enabled media player ? what can i do with dlna on an android smartphone ? can i get dlna on my droid ? what is the android answer to air video server ? if you have a tv with a usb port , you should definitely be able to mount your phone 's sd card as a drive and play the files on it ( assuming they are encoded with codecs that your tv understands ) . also if you have a phone with video or hdmi out functionality you can play videos direct to the tv over a video or hdmi cable . but , i do not think you will be able to do things quite the way you describe . i do not know of any tvs that will mount a usb device as anything other than a mass storage device ( usb drive ) or a network adapter ( normally only specific manufacturer approved adaptors ) , and it sounds like you want to stream movies via your phone rather than just play them from its storage . one problem you are going to face is that on an unmodified android phone the moment you mount your phone as mass storage to one device ( eg your tv ) it is no longer accessible to other apps on your phone ( such as whatever 's receiving it from your pc ) . tl ; dr three realistic options : plug phone into pc copy movies onto sd card , unplug phone , plug into tv play as files if your phone has tv-out , video-out or hdmi-out , plug your phone into the tv that way instead of usb and then either play from its storage , or from a streaming video client if your tv is network connectible , use a dlna client on your phone ( see above question links ) to push the movie from a dlna server on the pc ( eg windows media player on win 7 , or twonky server ) to a dlna compatible , network attached tv ( or media streamer box attached to tv ) .
on all my devices , if there are more than one app to be updated , i can see the Update &lt;x&gt; button above the apps list , in the header bar with the " updates " text . this will update all apps that do not require manual updates .
yes , provided you have got an application to deal with zip files , you should be just fine : winzip for android by default there is already apps within your os to deal with zip files : best is access a zip file thru your browser , download an open one . a window should pop-up , with some recommended apps already on your system .
the power consumption is not noticeable . even a tiny watch battery can run a small led for a few days continuously . increasing the blink rate will not change the power consumption at all : what makes a difference is how long the " on " part of the blink is compared to the " off " part . this is called the duty cycle of the led . most led controllers use the duty cycle to control the brightness of the led ( because leds are not sensitive enough to voltage ) , so even when the led appears to be on continuously , it is actually blinking faster than you can see . you can see this by waving the phone around in a darkened room : instead of tracing a continuous line in the air ( like a sparkler or torch does ) , it looks like a dotted or dashed line . if you can keep the waving speed constant , and measure ( or estimate ) how long the dashes are compared to the gaps , you know the duty cycle . the only reason for the led to blink is a human one : to make it more eye-catching , so you can see when you have a message ( or whatever ) .
i realized last night that since i have 2 factor auth enabled for my account , i might have to generate a new application-specific password in my google account settings . i generated a new one and successfully synced with my new email using it .
i try to not read this as " is there an app . . . " , as that would be off-topic according to our guidelines ( see what topics can i ask about here ? for details ) . so apart from looking for a different app to save some peanuts , you could live with the ads ( according to its description , the app is available for free with ads ; there is no note to the cloud feature being restricted to payment , neither does the related description on the product 's webpage , nor the faq on how can i synchronize my devices mention that ) . according to krampus ' comment below , the cloud functionality seems to be restricted to " premium users " indeed , though none of the material cited says so alternatively , there is the possibility to utilize a synchronized calendar ( like the google calendar ) for that : create an event , which then is synchronized across your devices . so the alert should trigger on all of them .
it turns out that just because you can see and use a map online , that does not mean that google will allow you to make the area available offline . offline maps are only currently available for certain countries , and brazil is not currently one of them , in fact it seems to be a fairly odd selection . google have published the full list of countries that it is available in here : maps for mobile - offline availability edit : note that in a july 2013 google maps update , google made offline maps into a hidden feature with no menu option any more . more about how to make maps available offline here : get offline maps in new google maps
this was fixed in the 4.3 update that came out for my phone lately . all done .
you can not , this is a current permission problem ( bugreport here ) of android 4.0+ 's /sdcard folder if it is not using fat32 ( but fuse ) . reason : there is a transition away from fat32 to unified user storage for both apps and media data ( using ext4 ) on a single file system . we got tired of seeing oems include many gb of internal storage for music , while users were still running out of space for apps and data . this approach lets us merge everything on one volume , which is way better . -- dan morrill , android engineer at google the old fat32 properties are emulated using a fuse layer to be compatible with existing apps . also : /data/ and /sdcard on google devices starting with the nexus 7 use a single partition only ( /data/media represents the " sdcard " content and is exposed using the fuse layer to apps ) . here 's cyanogenmod 's implementation of the fuse driver if you are interested in seeing the source . looks like setting timestamp attributes is implemented , though . edit : it only works with root . exact reason : all files are owned by root . sdcard_rw ( see here ) . a caller withouth uid=0 can not call the utimensat ( ) syscall , it fails in the vfs layer already ( eperm ) for timestamps other than current : the caller 's effective user id must match the owner of the file ; or the caller must have appropriate privileges . to make any change other than setting both timestamps to the current time ( i.e. . , times is not null , and both tv_nsec fields are not utime_now and both tv_nsec fields are not utime_omit ) , either condition 2 or 3 above must apply .
multiple approaches here . first , you can open the playstore app , hit the menu button , go to settings , and advise it to only work with wlan , plus not install apps automatically . this would cover part of your problem . second , you could also tell it to not check for updates at all . while on a first look this seems to contradict with your intention -- please read on . go and install yourself the appbrain app market app . this actually utilizes the google play store , it is not a separate market . it even uses your google account for everything . now synchronize your installed apps with the appbrain app . after that , you will see available updates -- and you can decide on a per-app basis whether to . . . accept this update skip this update only ( and be reminded only for the next update ) skip updates for this app altogether as you told the " original " playstore-app to " shut up " , there will not be multiple update notifications . just use the appbrain app for updating your apps -- it will do so by calling the playstore app using its api . batch-updates ( "update all" ) are of course possible as well .
as it has already been said : the main difference is that disabling an app simply marks it unavailable ( which can easily be reverted ) , while removing physically removes the app and all connected data from the device . what was still left open is : what do you gain from removing an app , that you did not get by disabling it – so it would be worth the risk of not being easily reverted ? space : you are probably talking about system apps here . those are usually installed on the /system partition , which is mounted read-only , and cannot be used by " normal ( user ) applications " . so removing the app itself does not give you space to " simply install other apps " . but still : almost all apps have data , which is stored in /data/data/&lt;app_package_name&gt; 1 . while pressing " clear cache " and " delete data " from settings→apps resets those , it does not completely delete everything . removing the app does . so you gain at least some space here . performance and battery : if you disable an app , it becomes invisible to the user – but the files are still there . also , the package manager still knows it exists . plus the app 's " intents " are still available : if another apps directly calls them , the disabled app still responds to the call . it also seems to listen to some broadcasts it previously had registered listeners on ( example : my lg optimus 4x has those bloated lg stuff i have disabled . nevertheless , after each boot i receive prompts from their " remote service " app to approve ) . that means , a disabled app can still be running in background , if called from some other place – and consume battery plus cpu , even bandwidth and other resources . a removed app obviously can not . 1 some apps also store ( usually " huger chunks " of ) data on sdcard , but almost all apps have at least their central data below /data/data .
go to setting--> data usage under the usage graph there is list of apps with usage specified on right side . go to google play and at the below you will find option restrict background data click on that check box . . and here you go . though you cant install any apps from play store with these setting , but you can always enable background data whenever needed .
when you plug your phone into a pc , or other device that communicates with the phone , the phone uses a usb " data mode " , so to speak . in this mode , there is a 500ma maximum draw from the usb port . when you plug your phone into a regular ac wall charger , there is no data connection . the phone then uses whatever amperage is supported by both the phone and charger ( typically between 500ma and 2.1amps ) there are usb charging cables that have the data pins re-wired to disable a data connection . this makes the phone think it is plugged into a regular ac charger , and allow more than 500ma to flow . that does not mean the usb port has more than 500ma to begin with . typically , usb ports on pcs have 500ma , or usb 3.0 ports may have 900ma . theoretically this is safe because it is just disabling a data connection . it is not using more power than it should . phone 's are designed not to accept more amps than it can handle . there are also apps that allow for fast charging by forcing the phone into using the ac charging mode instead of data . however you still need a compatible kernel or it will not work . ( for standard users , changing the kernel is a complicated and risky procedure . ) please note that there are reported cases of people 's phones not supporting regular data modes after attempting to activate fast charge via an app ( notably the nexus 4 ) .
you could make use of the condition state&rarr ; bluetooth connected : the device is connected to another device via bluetooth . if either of name or address are specified , they must match a connected device . connections to non-paired devices ( e . g . while pairing is taking place ) are ignored . warning : tasker can not directly detect when a bt device is connected , only when a connection or disconnection is made . as for the task , take a look at music play : play a sound file from the sd card . file is the path to the file on the sd card e.g. music/wow . mp3 alternatively : notify sound : show a notification on the top bar and play a sound . the specified title will appear on the bar initially . notifications with a particular ( non-empty ) title replace existing ones with that title . when the notification area is pulled down , the specified text will be visible . or notify vibrate , play ringtone , say ( synthesize the given text into speech ) . . . trying a raw thing ( i did not test this ) : condition : state→bluetooth connected ( specify the parameters ) task : say " you are connected now . " for more information , you might want to take a look at the user manual . also check the tasker homepage itself for more guides , faq , how-tos , etc . moreover , the wiki contains a lot of ready profiles , step-throughs , and more .
it is not normally to do with the position of the phone , there is normally a " proximity sensor " on the front of the phone that locks the screen if the phone is against your face , and unlocks the screen a few moments after you take it away from your face . according to the galaxy pocket duos 's specs on gsm arena there is no proximity sensor built into that model , compare with the alcatel ot-991 or samsung galaxy s 's specs where you can see they do have a proximity sensor .
of course i would figure this out just after asking the question : you can view the application details in landscape mode by first selecting the application in the left-side panel , then clicking the larger application icon or title in the right-side pane .
background data is anything that involves mobile data or wi-fi ; it will use whichever is enabled ( i think wi-fi has higher preference ) . this includes autosync , background polling , notifications , and other similar operations that will access mobile data . assuming you do not have any task / data killer that runs in the background when your phone sleeps , the mms will be sent you do not need to have the messaging app open . however , if the sending fails ( after a certain number of retries ) , it will fail and you will have to resend it manually . update #1: autosync depends on background data . if background data is disabled , autosync is also disabled . autosync is used by accounts defined in settings ( in s4 , System Settings &gt; Accounts ) . but it is also possible to have background data enabled , and autosync disabled . in this case , apps could poll and show notifications ( e . g . twitter ) .
press the power button on the device . all phones should have them and they are usually the buttons that lock the screen as well . if you happen to not have a lock button you can change how quickly android will lock the screen on idle in settings . the way to change this varies from different flavors of android .
it sounds like a defective unit . i would send it in for warranty replacement . if it is getting warm while plugged in the power is shorting out the unit causing it to show no life but receive power .
quite easy : find / starts exploring at the file system root ( i.e. . the very top ) . so it comes to places you have no access to as normal user , and runs into permission issues . it sees a directory called /proc/19619 and , knowing this is a directory , wants to traverse into it . but it is not permitted to ( most likely the permission of that directory is something like drwxr--r-- , so everybody can see ( "r"ead ) it – but only its owner can change into ( execute ) ) . so your find sees it , but can not dive into it . as you have been running this command as root , permission problems should not be the issue . but taking a look at the directory in question pops up a different answer : /proc is storing process information . below this top-level dir , directories are created using the pid of running processes . so /proc/19619 stores information on process 19619 . most likely your find was seeing that directory , and at the same moment that process ended ; so when find finally wanted to dive into , it was gone : No such file or directory ( not anymore ) .
sorry , without root , is probably not possible . with your device 's os version and the fact that you want to capture an overlay ( video playback ) , even harder . prior to android 3.0 , screenshots were taken using the framebuffer , that is accessed by opening the /dev/graphics/fb0 device . this location requires root access , and even with root may not work for all devices . some devices use a pair of framebuffers and toggle between them . additionally , and more related with your current problem , the framebuffer does not contain surfaces in an overlay ( often the case with video playback ) . that is the reason as to why you do not get the video , only the application frame . support information by developers on stackoverflow by this answer and this answer .
i am not 100% sure about the nexus 7 , but with my nexus 4 , you can hold the power button for a very long time ( something like 20 seconds ) and it will hard-shutdown . this should help facilitate a hard reset and let you get into fastboot or recovery mode if you need to .
from here i tried http://androidforums.com/droid-x-support-troubleshooting/196653-help-market-place-gone.html to get the marked app back , without doing a hard reset . used astro file manager opened astro , clicked up navigate to /system/app locate vending . apk push on it to install it , clicked ok etc now back on home screen , follow what is suggested about a clean slate . . . settings -> applications -> manage applications chose all find market push on it and select clear data go back to main home screen , turn your phone off and back on
acutally for the samsung europia , a free update can be downloaded via kies to upgrade to android 2.2 . this then allows you to natively turn your phone into a wifi hotspot . it is then the usual connect to wifi affair
aside from izzy 's suggestions , i also find clean master helpful in cleaning unecessary files / cache . check it out . : )
the chrome page in the app store says this about the new permissions : this version requests two new permissions , camera and modify audio settings , to support webrtc , an experimental feature under development . webrtc itself is designed to expose your camera and mic to the browser , so that web-apps can implement video-conferencing and other multimedia solutions in-browser . the webrtc people have at least nominally considered the privacy implications , by adding an info-bar to chrome : chrome on windows is said to have access to your camera and mic . so if you use chrome on windows ( and soon firefox too ) then you are implicitly trusting the vendor of those programs to not take pictures of you when you do not authorize it . the same is true for android . one hopes that they do not introduce security flaws that allow unauthorized access to the camera/mic by malicious websites . as to what you can do about it , on a rooted phone you can uninstall chrome or install a permissions-control app that denies permissions to installed apps . you can switch to a different browser that does not support webrtc . otherwise you are stuck with what android provides . if you decide that you trust microsoft or apple more than google , you can switch . or maybe you trust an open-source android variant like cyanogenmod . for myself i consider the fact that google already has a bunch of apps on my phone which have access to my camera and mic , so if google wanted to spy on me they already can . heck , they could build that right into the os and just not tell anyone . google apps that can access the camera/mic : search voice search plus translate drive shopper goggles youtube remote youtube not to mention the camera app which is built-in to the phone . edit : the question was updated with a screenshot of what the phone shows when you are prompted to update the app . unfortunately at this time there does not seem to be a way for app developers to document why they need particular permissions , except in external sources . for example , this chrome update states why it needs the permission in the " what is new " page . however , if you do not look there and just see the scary warning , you are left wondering what is going on . as an app developer i wish we could add help text to the permissions page to explain to the user why we need the permissions and how the privacy policy protects the user . google could certainly make this more usable and less scary .
as uri seems not to place it in an answer , i will do so -- to help other searchers see there is an answer ; ) as pointed out , there is a miui control panel , which should ship with most miui roms . if it is not included with yours , you will find it in an app called extended settings .
most apps save their settings and preferences to the internal memory . however , many apps are written to use the sd card for some storage as well . this is usually done to prevent taking up too much space on the ( often very limited ) internal memory . for example , many apps with " offline " mode ( e . g . news readers ) will place downloaded content onto a folder on the sd card . some apps handle disappearance of such cache from the sd card better than others . in most cases though , you can get away with clearing the app cache and data via Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications menu , then tapping on the app , and tapping " clear data " and " clear cache " buttons , if available . uninstall and re-install is a last resort option and should always work .
i do not know about the htc one v specifically , but in my experience , the mic , stereo ouputs , and the single button answer/stop will work for both apple and ( most if not all ) android phones . but the volume up/down buttons will not work , even with an app such as headphone button controller ; it simply does not get detected . the problem arises when the marketing depts start using a word such as " compatible " , meaning a degree of compatibility , but not necessarily every function . so they feel ok saying an apple headphone is compatible , meaning just the audio works , or even the audio and the answer button . however , it is possible that the htc can somehow detect and use these extra two buttons , i suppose , but i would guess not .
in my case , the upgrade to the android 4.3 did not replaced my custom /etc/gps.conf file . it was edited by hands on rooted device before the android upgrade and stayed with the same content afterwards . answering myself : )
no . it is not possible to get this information with the android sdk . you might get this information if you have access to the drivers and the kernel of your device .
the files are generated by samba when it encounters file name having invalid windows file name characters like : , \ , &lt ; , > , | or directories ending with dot . the reason the files appear on your android device is they were synced back from your pc . you can safely delete the files , but they will mostly likely reappear again , as long as files with invalid characters are created by android apps .
i heard dropbox is a good alternative , but i have not tried it myself .
i cannot say for all apps you listed -- but for some , the following applies : some system apps ( as e.g. the market/playstore app ) have to be present in /system in order to work . for the playstore app , the reason is : the permission to install other " packages " is only granted if one of the following two conditions is met : it is signed with the same certificate as the system ( rom ) itself -- which does not apply in your case , due to the custom rom used it is installed as " system app " ( i.e. . below /system ) -- which did no longer apply in your case , since you uninstalled the app from there expecting the pre-conditions given , developers might have forgotten to include a check and implement appropriate exception handling -- which then may lead to the described force-close . similar constellations might apply to other apps/packages as well -- though i am not sure what should make the google translate app so special ( maybe it has some special hooks i missed ) . you could try to find out by following roxan 's advice , to integrate the app as " system app " again using e.g. titanium backup , and see if it still force-closes .
the problem ended up being transient ; i rarely restart my phone . somehow it got stuck in ' on call ' mode , so the proximity sensor was enabled despite nothing being running . a reboot resolved the silly issue .
any micro usb cable that has the capability of charging your phone does excactly that . i found a link on usb powering . the source is from 2005 but the issue remains the same . some cables do charge your device due to a sufficient power flow through the cable while others do not .
i can not reproduce it . it may have been fixed during an os upgrade . if it comes back i will refresh the question .
recently created localcalendar app is what we needed . it works on android 2 . x too and is open source . ( github )
at and t 's 3g works in the 1900 mhz and 850 mhz frequencies . even though htc sensation xe is listed as supporting the 850 mhz frequency , it is only using it for slower 2g ( edge ) speeds . for 3g it is using t-mobile 's hsdpa bands 900/1700/2100 mhz . unfortunately no amount of tweaking in the phone 's software will make it work on at and t 's 3g bands , since this is a hardware difference in the phone 's modem . there are very few phones that work on both t-mobile and at and t 's 3g frequencies - those are called " penta-band " . the new samsung galaxy nexus is one of them , along with older nokia models e7 , n8 and n9 phones , for example .
i used android system info app and it gave me a bit more hardware information ( cpu speed , cpu chip , etc . ) but nothing definitive about the manufacturer . . . i guess it will remain a mysterious an allwinner clone . . . thanks for the help , all . . .
for gsm devices , as far as i know , the proxy settings for your mobile data connection are defined in the access point name ( apn ) . go to Settings &gt; Wireless and Networks &gt; More &gt; Mobile Networks &gt; Access Point Names &gt; [Your data APN] ( your device 's menu may differ slightly ) . check the Proxy field - it is possible this got modified somehow . might also be worth snooping around your carrier 's website for the recommended apn settings and double-checking that everything is correct . once finished , press [Menu] &gt; Save and give it a test .
it is most likely GT-N7105 , the international version . you can find the other models in wikipedia .
usb devices are designed to use a wide variety of voltages ranging from 500ma to 1500ma and have been standardized for quite some time . you can generally plug any usb device into any usb cable and into any usb port , and nothing will blow up . using a more powerful charger should speed up battery charging , while using a less powerful one will just charge slower . a good resource for this topic can be found here . as noted in that article , the only real concern is when charging an older phone with a newer charger , as the battery might not be able to handle the higher current . in your cause your using an older charger with a new phone , so your all good .
3d maps includes 3d models of some cities . london is not included , yet , but new york is , as are cardiff and birmingham on the uk . you do not need to do anything to view them other than select the map layer , zoom right in , and then swipe down with 2 fingers to angle the view . ( the 3d models appear if you are looking straight down , but it misses the point , somewhat . . . )
the play store does have an option in its central settings for controlling whether shortcuts on your home screen are automatically created for apps when you install them : you can get here by opening the play store , pressing the menu button on your phone ( or the " three dots " menu icon if you do not have a hardware menu button ) and select settings , you should then see the " auto-add widgets " setting that you can enable or disable .
the issue is related to , as far as i know , cyanogenmod policies . . in some countries call recording is illegal and therefore cm team has not implemented this feature . it is really annoying because the issue applies to certain ( but not all ) regions of the world . i do hope that cm developers will come up with some sort of hack in the future . for now i am using auto call recorder ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.appstar.callrecorder ) and using mic as a source . the volume of inbound audio is very low unless the mic is turned on during the call . call recording is the only feature i lack in cm . . .
i attempted to get vnc options working , but they are all buggy . in particular the keyboard mappings and clunky and the screens never seem to render correctly . i even wrote to an author offering money for improvements but never got anything back . teamviewer 8 is the only solution i have found where it actually works the way it is supposed to ( i.e. . seamlessly ) . teamviewer is free for personal use , which is a bonus , but it is by far and away the best solution i have found . it properly supports the android home/nav keys and has complete and properly mapped support for keyboard input . to use it , install teamviewer 8 on your pc/mac , and " teamviewer quicksupport " on your android device . as far as i know , root is not required . no , i do not work for teamviewer .
it seems tethering on sgs2 on cm10 is currently broken , according to entropy512 on xda developer : cm10 supports tethering , however wpa/wpa2 tethering was broken on devices with bcmdhd wifi until i fixed it earlier this week . some devices may not have the fix enabled yet ( it has to be enabled on a per-device basis , since the " fix " will break devices that do not need it . )
ifixit has a teardown that shows the wi-fi antenna is on the back . interestingly , when i took it off and looked i saw that it was nicely labeled too . also , the wi-fi reception seems much better after reattaching the cover . maybe my antenna was not connected very well . it appears a simple mod could be done to attach an external wi-fi antenna if i needed to do that . a mod may be in my future .
while unlikely , it is possible that the nexus 7 does not support your local lte network . it seems like aero2 only operates lte on 900mhz and 2500mhz ( take that with a grain of salt though ; it may be incorrect or incomplete ) . the nexus 7 2013 apparently does not support either of those frequencies . oddly enough , apparently neither does the ipad mini . you may want to contact aero2 or whatever local providers and find out which frequencies ( or " bands" ) they operate in your area . it does not matter if their network or sim cards are "100% certified for the nexus 7" , they may not operate the appropriate frequencies in your area specifically . rather than ask " do you support the n7 ? " , ask them " what lte bands are operational in the area with the postal code [ your postal code ] ? " if your area should have a band that is listed on the gsmarena page for the nexus 7 , then you may have problems with your device . if not , then you may want to find a carrier that supports lte on the appropriate bands in your area .
no one will run the same apps with the same settings in the same environment as you . any " objective " evaluation will be no more useful than reading the xda forums , for example ; you are going to end up with an indication of reliability and speed , nothing more . there is also a ton of roms for the sgs , many of which are only published certain places ( xda , modaco , rom-specific forums ) . you had be hard pressed to find a complete resource . even the " rom guide " threads on xda tend to fail to include many of the roms from xda . in sum , i would read the xda android development subforum for the i9000 and shortlist a few roms that sound good to you , then test them out and see what works best for you .
you should never mess with the system without having a backup . to get root back you can just re-flash the rom that you are using without wiping anything . this will remove whatever happened with your busybox .
you can not change this . simple solution : do not shut down your phone any more ( except when it runs out of battery ) . if you switch off your screen only , your phone will go to sleep and will not consume much power . if it still eats too much battery , consider disabling wifi , background data , sync or even switching to airplane mode . as noted in the comments the logo is only shown to beautify the startup of your phone and to not show you ugly boot messages as some linux systems earlier did and still do . showing a complex animation does require some computing power but will not delay the startup very much .
dropspace has some limitations according to it is description on the play store : *** current limitation: Only files existing on the sdcard are synced. That is, it's not a full 2-way sync.  i have been using dropsync . it does sync in both directions and i have had no cause for complaint .
you can use chatsecure ( formerly known as “gibberbot” ) with facebook added as an xmpp account . just enter username@facebook.com and your facebook password to connect . for even more protection of your details you can use the " connect via tor " option with orbot ( the android port of tor ) to hide your location from facebook as well .
you need to add another file browser besides the built in gallery . astro file manager should fit the bill nicely .
if you can tether mobile data of your galaxy nexus over wi-fi , you have full-featured ad-hoc network . if you are not sure , install wireless tether ( root access is required ) . after connecting laptop to this MobileAP , look for ips of client and Default Gateway ( ipconfig /all cmd command works fine with windows ; fing can also be used ) . ip of Default Gateway is ip of your android device . you can use these ips in any networking service you want . it works . another approach in ad-hoc networking , it does not matter which point is broadcasting ssid . so , you can make your laptop virtual router too . connect your galaxy nexus to it and do whatever you want . to make your laptop virtual router with nas support , i would recommend you to install connectify pro ( not free ) . there is a nice free alternative too : mhotspot . after connecting your galaxy nexus to virtual hotspot created by it , you can use any networking service over it .
imessage automatically uses sms messages for contacts who do not have an iphone , so the answer is yes : you chat with them by sending an sms message . apart from using sms , there is no way for non-apple users to get messages into imessage . the protocol is closed and apple does not have clients for other platforms , nor an interface for other apps to communicate with it . they designed imessage not as a chat system in itself , but as a way to quietly redirect iphone-to-iphone sms messages to use their servers instead of the sms network .
any ideas whether this feature will be part of the core of android 4.2 , or if it is just for nexus 10 ? multi-user support in android 4.2 will be for all tablets . so yes , all tabs with android 4.2 jelly bean will have multi-user support . google is officially supporting this only for tablets as of now . however , i am very sure that custom rom makers will port it for phones . in fact , there are already a bunch of custom roms which do this . i wish i got this on my nexus 7 . nexus 7 is a tablet , so when you upgrade to 4.2 , you should get multi-user support .
if you have read around , then you will already have read that the idea of " free ram " is a bit of a nonsense for android . pc operating systems take an app out of ram as soon as you quit it , which leaves empty space that the pc probably has to spend power on filling again afterwards - probably with the same app next time you run it . android tries to avoid this waste by leaving apps in memory after you stop using them or after they finish running , so that they are ready to run again next time . if it needs more ram for an app , only then does it get rid of these cached processes . android will first get rid of cached processes , based on how soon it thinks it is going to need them again . if it still needs more ram for the foreground activity , it'll get rid of background services ( which sync your email etc . but are not directly visible ) . if it still needs more ram , it'll get rid of activities that are directly accessible but are not currently visible , such as the launcher , the activity you will go back to when you press back ( maybe even in the same app as the activity that is running ) , or the greyed-out activity that is partly visible behind a dialog . this way , even if you have no free ram , android can free up quite a lot of ram for the foreground activity : all the ram on the device , except that needed by android itself . i suggest to work out the best setting using trial and error . without more knowledge of the app , i can not predict the effect of having the setting too low : perhaps the ai will make worse moves , or take longer to decide . if the setting is too high , you will notice that when you leave the chess game you have to wait for the previous app to launch : this is particularly noticeable when it is the launcher , and you get a spinning progress indicator instead of the list of apps . if this were one of my apps , i would consider this a bug . it is bad form to give the user a setting with no way to know what value to set . the app has more information about how much ram the device has and can make available than you do : it should decide itself .
as far as i know , currently there are no android devices with dual-sd card slots . keep in mind though that mobile devices is a huge and ever changing market . there is nothing preventing some manufacturer from releasing such a device , if they determine that there is enough demand . not sure i understand the need for a second sd card slot , though : sd cards are cheap enough to not have to worry about them wearing out . newer phones support the sdxc format that boasts capacities of up to 2tb . ( 64gb and 128gb cards are already widely available . ) even with multiple sd slots , you are still technically limited in capacity , albeit you probably will not hit that limit for a while longer . it really depends on what content you are planning on storing there . obviously you would not be able to store a large collection of blu-ray rips that take 8gb+ per file on any size card . bundling a second sd card slot would sacrifice on internal space of a handset . the trade-off would have to come from other areas , such as smaller battery or other feature . i do agree that google 's push for " cloud services " ( nexus devices do not have sd card slots at all ) is misguided , seeing how most carriers are resolved to cap and overcharge of mobile data as it is . however , seeing how other manufacturers are releasing new devices with newer sd technology , and that technology is ( arguably ) getting more and more affordable , i do not see how sacrificing on internal space would be of any benefit to even the biggest space hogs .
this property comes from during build-time and is extremely , dependant on the wifi driver , for each and every device tree that gets integrated into the build of android , there is what is called an overlay , this overlay may contain extras pertaining to the said device in question . in fact , its rather , an xml document that gets parsed during build and " overlays " or " overwrites " the standard android defaults , such as animation speed , etc . this pertinent information of this comes from the device 's overlay/frameworks/base/core/res/res/values/config.xml which contains the very exact line : from that , that is telling the build , to say , that the property wifi.supplicant_scan_interval is supported and can be used dynamically from the build.prop file found in the /system directory , which in turn , is read from the android 's native binary executable wpa_supplicant . however , it must be said , it depends on the wifi driver to support that , and how much integration of the wifi functionality is within the frameworks . to find the exact source can be found in external/wpa_supplicant/wpa_supplicant.c , around lines 2459: default here on gingerbread is 5secs , again the mileage will vary depending on the version of wpa_supplicant used , there was two versions , wpa_supplicant_6 which was broken under ics , and the newer version wpa_supplicant_8 , despite saying that , it may no longer be supported now with the newer releases .
make sure your google acct does not sync picasa photos . . . then go to settings > application manager > all apps > gallery > clear data and cache . deletes the synced album . similarly you can clear all synchronised data from gmail also . in settings-> accounts-> google-> your account , you can uncheck all options . so your google details will not get synchronised . . .
digital clock does almost everything you ask . ignore the rubbish picture from the page , it is a full-screen clock with white text on black and it is free . to configure it as you need , launch the app , then open the settings ( tap the screen to open the options then tap settings ) then set : clock -> screen timeout to unchecked . clock -> orientation to landscape . time and date -> show date to unchecked . you can also adjust the time format and colour if you wish . the time is about half the screen height , but i can easily read it on my phone from more than 20ft away so that may not be a problem .
it depends on how the android image you are using was built . when you build a rom image from the android sources , you set what drivers are included in the image , according to what target hardware you are expecting to use it with . if you got the android image from the manufacturer of the tv box , it should have drivers for all the hardware in the device . ( at the very least , it should say if anything is missing . ) if you are using a third-party image that was created for that device , again , the author should tell you which hardware is supported . if you are using a third-party image that was not created for that device , it probably will not work at all . if you are building your own android image , then you should look in the sources you are building from , to see if the hdmi driver is included ; if you do not already know how to do this , you probably should not be trying to build your own rom . you might also find can i install android on my non-android device ? useful reading .
it was the cable . the store gave me a new cable , but it was power only . i did not know some cables were power , but no data . i will be returning that . thanks to matthew for his suggestion in the comment .
kindle fire utility provides an easy and automated way to get root , android market with other google apps including google services framework . alternatively , you can use quite nice imo messenger to connect to gtalk , skype , etc even with no root .
i had the same issue , after giving up on waiting more , i restarting the phone . after reboot , the update started from where it was , and finished as originally intended . to restart the phone , hold Vol-Down + Power for a few seconds . posting answer as the op only posted solution in a comment .
it is simple : when the hardware keyboard is attached , the tray ( lower right of screen ) has a keyboard icon . click it and the top option is use hardware keyboard on/off .
i was under the impression ( before stumbling upon this solution ) that the notification system was a part of the secured android system , and would only be available for modification while rooted or modded . this little application , notification toggle , gives you the power of notification power widgets without root privileges ! as far as graphical and design changes , the most likely solution is a custom rom , and you will most likely not be able to do this without rooting and flashing a rom . note : this app does not seem to enable you to change the lookout of the notification bar , which , upon second reading of the question , sounds like most of what you are looking for . i was excited about this app , so i felt compelled to share it , but i do not believe it allows for cosmetic changes to the notification bar :/ sorry !
watch out for this , yes there are different sized cables they look the same but are not . you will probably be able to squeeze it in and it will work but may break the connector after a while ( this happened to my galaxy note 2 ) . it may have something to do with different pins within the cable itself . i found it very hard to tell the difference but try to just use the one that came with the device . if not just use a different cable but from a newer product as there are definitely different pins within the cable . best thing to do is if a cable does not fit in easily do not put it in .
generally bluetooth uses less power . on my htc desire , i use bluetooth because it lasts longer and consumes much less power compared to wi-fi hotspot when connection is idle .
assuming usb debugging is on connect it to the computer via usb and wipe it with adb . if that does not work you could throw it in the microwave .
if your question is about global language support , you might want to check how do i add a new language ? if you however simply refer to keyboard layouts : this very much depends on the keyboard/ ime used . there is e.g. touchpal keyboard available on the playstore -- and also a lot of language packs for e.g. hebrew , spanish , russian , or even handwriting . same applies to some other keyboard apps , like e.g. anysoftkeyboard ( which even offers a pack for bb-codes used in forums ) , ice cream sandwich keyboard , perfect keyboard , and others . though your question says you are probably rather looking for the former : if it is just for the keyboard , the latter is the easier approach . while installing a complete language pack may provide you with support for your language in other apps , you should be aware the language must also be explicitly supported by that app itself .
you can try battery notif free from android market . bardcode scanner compatible store link
if you view a chat and open the overflow menu ( the three dots ) . click " people and options " you should see the " people in this hangout " . if you then click on the person you should be prompted to add them to your contacts .
no , delivery reports generally just tell you that the message has been delivered and is sitting on their phone . it does not necessarily tell you that they have been read . there is not a way to tell if its been read as far as i know .
official ota 's from htc could only be installed if you posses the stock recovery . you can download the right one for you from xda here . when you have downloaded it you can just flash it by typing this ( with your phone connected in fastboot mode ) : fastboot flash recovery path/to/recovery.img disclaimer : probably the update will not work if you have a custom rom installed on it ( custom roms sometimes have different packages that the ota will corrupt ) . if you want to update via ota you should first install a stock htc rom too .
goal if you have the ota image downloaded and , as in my case , ended up without success you should be able to adb sideload &lt;filename&gt; it still manually ( video here ) . problem/error . . . unfortunately the ota update via adb sideload errors out with : where /system/app/Drive.apk could be any system app . who is not to blame ? twrp is not to blame , i thought so in the beginning , but it would work with twrp as well . titaniumbackup pro . since i rooted my device and use a power-user feature , i should have known of its side-effects . now i do know , though : ) . . . and there is a good chance you learn about this from this answer now . apparent cause of the error using titanium backup pro i had used the " freeze " feature to get rid of some of the system apps , namely : asus keyboard calendar calendar storage com . android . providers . partnerbookmarks com . android . sharedstoragebackup com . google . android . voicesearch exchange services gmail google one time init google play books google play games google play magazines google play movies google play music google search google text-to-speech engine hangouts iwnn ime iwnnime keyboard ( white ) one time init this was apparently why the adb sideload bailed out early with the error message given in my question . i also uninstalled some of the system apps , and i think i remember " drive " ( remember ? : /system/app/Drive.apk ) was one of them . the solution i found the solution over at forum . xda-developers . com in this answer . the gist is that if you have a modified image , you need to restore that to make the ota sideload succeed . first download the stock image for the build you currently have . make sure it is the correct one for your device . so i was trying to upgrade from JSS15R to KRT16S on the wi-fi version , which meant i needed to download the 4.3 (JSS15R) image . that was the file razor-jss15r-factory-ec2d4f76.tgz in my case . i then unpacked that which gave me a subfolder named razor-jss15r . inside of it there were shell scripts , a .img file and a .zip ( image-razor-jss15r.zip ) . the latter needed to be unpacked . then i had the .img files in the folder i unpacked the .zip into : boot.img cache.img recovery.img system.img userdata.img then i followed the steps outlined in the linked answer : boot into bootloader ( keep volume-down and power pressed directly after turning it on ) connect usb ( make sure before that , that all usb drivers are installed ) change into the folder with the previously unpacked .img files check from the android sdk prompt that you see the device with fastboot devices . then execute fastboot flash system system.img which will flash a stock system partition note : unlike in the linked post , i left out the step with the fastboot erase system because that is apparently implied by fastboot flash system system.img as can be seen from the output . i also left out fastboot flash boot boot.img and fastboot flash recovery recovery.img because i thought it was unlikely that these " partitions " had been modified ( i was right ) . you may need the latter two , though . it would probably depend on what you have modified that prevents the adb sideload step ( i.e. . read and understand the error message ) . here 's the output : et voila , a clean system that can be ota updated . so in short , you may only need to fastboot flash system system.img from the stock image you are running , if you ever get an error during the verification phase : Verifying current system... "/system/&lt;SOME&gt;.apk" has unexpected contents. E:Error in /tmp/update.zip (Status 7)  download for factory images ( nexus 7 , both ) factory images " razor " for nexus 7 [ 2013 ] ( wi-fi ) factory images " razorg " for nexus 7 [ 2013 ] ( mobile )
i think this one really depends on the device and procedures involved in installing a new rom . for nexus devices , there is really no point because you can just fastboot oem unlock the bootloader and install your new recovery with fastboot flash recovery [file] . other devices , however , may force you to use tricks that require root in order to unlock the bootloader . for example , in order to install a rom on a device which does not support fastboot , you may need root in order to install a custom recovery .
what is going on is that your phone is not using your password . when you log in an oath token is issued . this is more secure , because your password is not stored on the device . it also has the additional benefit that it can automatically log you in in your browser . to deny access to your phone , remove the authentication token here . moreover starting with ics you do not need to use applications specific passwords for your phone . enter your regular google account info ; it will notice that you have 2-factor authentication enabled and open an internal browser where you can log in using your otp .
i believe this problem was caused by having swype installed to the sd card . moving swype back to the phone 's internal storage seems to have fixed the problem . Settings--&gt;Applications--&gt;Manage Applications--&gt;Swype--&gt;Select "move to phone" 
the text-to-speech conversion in android is all done on the cloud . the phone sends in your recording and returns the speech . you need to make sure you are connected to either 3g or wifi for this to work . do other apps that require connections work ?
yes , it uses the light sensor , and yes most of the smartphones support it . as for how does it work ; smartphones , generally , have a light sensor located in the bezel right next to the screen that measures the ambient light together with control software that appropriately raises or lowers the screen brightness based on the measured light level . if you are watching in the dark the screen should be appropriately dim . when the ambient light level is higher the screen needs to be made appropriately brighter for two reasons : because of glare from ambient light reflected off the screen , which washes out the image , and because the eye 's light sensitivity decreases substantially as the ambient light level increases .
only the root user can set the date . if your phone is already rooted , just type su enter to get into a root shell , then the command you want to run . if your phone is not already rooted , you will need to get root access first . see how do i root my android device ?
the android os itself is not dependant on any files on the removable sd card . if you have no apps that use this file , you can safely delete the file , or even format the sd card if you want .
i use current caller id and it seems to work ok , better if you let it connect with facebook . it is not perfect but it will help out . i also use reverse lookup . it is after the fact , but it does a good job . it will google the number and quickly add it to your phone book if you want . neither are going to get you coverage all the time but it is the best i have found .
adobe flash has been deprecated starting jelly bean , for reasons only adobe knows . however , there are still workarounds for installing flash . the trend in mobile ( android ) development now is using native android , or html5 . flash is discouraged , although there are still flash websites around . phones with older versions of android may be able to access them . related : why does jelly bean no longer support flash ?
when you are in the browser , open the menu , choose More | Settings and select " set home page " .
does this work for you ? contacts -> menu -> delete -> select all -> delete if not there are apps " delete contacts " in the market you could try .
i have an evo and had this problem as soon as i started moving a lot of apps to my sd card . basically , apps moved to an sd card are stored in a secure area and it apparently takes android a while to make this " secure " area available at boot , and this may not happen before your launcher starts . the more apps you have , the longer it takes to do whatever it is doing , and at some point you will find none of the sd card apps available at boot . restarting your launcher may or may not be necessary ; the one i use , tag home , does seem to notice apps becoming available on the sd card . . . sometimes . i found that a hot reboot ( a partial restart that only reloads the phone 's ui ; you can find apps that do this in the market , though you need to have rooted the phone ) would usually help , but i had to time it properly , or do it multiple times . i read somewhere that gingerbread ( android 2.3 ) makes this better . the evo came with 2.2 and recently a 2.3 ota upgrade appeared for it . i have not yet installed that for a couple of reasons : first , as i said , i rooted my phone and need to be cautious with this , and second , there were some bugs reported in the upgrade which will be fixed later this month . so i do not yet know firsthand if this is true . i have had much better luck partitioning my sd card ( adding a dedicated 1gb partition for apps ) and using an app from the market called link2sd . not only do the apps usually seem to be available by the time the launcher loads , you can move the entire app to the card ( did you ever notice that apps take some internal memory even after moving them to sd ? ) and even moves apps that can not be moved the usual way . ( hbo go wants 15 mb of my internal memory ? not anymore ! i even moved adobe flash to sd and it continues to work fine . ) however , you have to root your phone to do all this and it is fairly advanced .
have you tried the manual from the international site ?
you can " long press " a key , which will give you alternative letters if alternative symbols are associated with it . try it with the letter " e " . to select the desired letter/symbol slide your finger to the side .
i removed /data/etc/wifi , /data/misc/dhcp and /data/misc/wifi and it worked .
please erase all data and the dalvik-cache ( if you have recovery ) . are you using the stock or custom rom ? this looks to me like a bug in the rom to do with nfc - this is the only reason the device would lock up like that . if you are using a custom rom , i suggest you contact the rom developer with the logs , if not , check for a software update . edit : the nfc service will only run if nfc is enabled - if you disable it , and then reboot , it should no longer be active . if it is you can kill it via Settings-&gt;Apps-&gt;Running .
you could try to disable google people ( contacts ) sync application using storage/apps menu item and then disable contacts sync option for google account . after that you should be able to add contact which is marked as phone only - not synced . hope this helps . . .
stock browser ( the one with blue icon ) from android jellybean supports offline reading with saving web pages . . menu-> save for offline reading opera mini for android also supports saving web pages menu-> saved pages-> save
the nexus 7 ( with mobile data ) takes a micro sim card . see this page from google support on how you can insert and activate a sim card .
unfortunately , as the comments state , there is currently no way to automate this - and i for one wish there was , as i find myself deleting loads of folders as well . you should do it manually - but methodically , and it starts to seem to take a lot less time , as you start to think about it . one thing to look out for is folders for game apps that you installed , as they may contain the downloaded game data - which can be quite large , which you may wish to keep incase you want to install and play the game again . like izzy mentioned , sd maid finds some of the orphan files for you - but not all .
this is an error with your network setting . nothing is wrong with your device or the app . goto Settings -> More Settings -> Mobile Networks now go to Access Point Names click your APN , ( e . g . o2 ) delete the proxy and delete the ip address within it , so it is " not set " this was solved in the microsoft forums .
as far i know this is a security " feature " on android devices that do not let you open personal data through widgets when you set a lock code or a lock pattern . only works if you do not have no security set .
i was surprised there was no official google app . i am using cloud print on my galaxy s3 .
after a grep through dumpstate logs in /data/log , i noticed that the sqlite3 file was being accessed by com.domobile.applock .
on the htc incredible i just searched for the particular app in the market , selected it and unchecked " allow automatic updating " from there . hopefully it works that way on your phone ( and others ) .
the transfer of energy in a lithium ion battery generates heat . the components in the phone generate heat . charging with gps will generate the most heat as the gps , cell radio and battery are all being used , while charging . anything you do while charging will cause the phone to get hotter than if it were running on battery alone . also , the heat while on battery will come from a few sources . first , the more power it is using ( gps , cpu intensive apps , large downloads , hotspot mode , high screen brightness , etc . ) , the more heat will be released from the battery . also the components themselves , like the cell radio and the cpu/gpu will generate heat . combine all these factors in different combinations , the device can heat up . also , there is a known radio bug that can cause it to heat up too . if the phone loses service , it goes to max power to reacquire signal . sometimes the phone does not drop to normal power after the signal is restored , causing the radio to operate at max power , generating heat and placing a large draw on the battery , again resulting in more heat . this will be evidenced by a linear decline in your battery and high heat after a loss of service . a simple reboot will solve this , though it can still happen again . and if you are concerned about the phone overheating , it will not . if the cpu gets too hot , it will just slow down the cpu until it cools down . if the battery gets too hot , it will shut off completely . you can turn it back on when it cools down . ( if it gets too hot while charging , the first thing it will do is reduce the charging current or shut it off completely , before shutting off . )
unless amazon releases their kindle fire source code , there will not be a way to mod a different android tablet to be a faux fire . i seriously doubt that will happen that is not to say that someone will not be able to put together some combination of mods and apps that might approximate some of the fire 's functionality , but that is a pretty daunting task , if amazon 's proprietary changes do not make it completely impossible . update : how about that ? amazon actually did release the kindle fire source code . http://latimesblogs.latimes.com/technology/2011/11/amazon-releases-kindle-fire-source-code.html update 2 : it seems that someone 's got something very close . android spin has details .
this is what i did in android 4.1 and gmail : open gmail tap the overflow menu ( three vertical dots ) and select settings tap the account for which you do not want to get notifications uncheck the notifications option that should be all you need to do .
according to an answer i got a thread i made at xda developers , it looks like the phone actually is rooted because the whole idea with the cf-root kernel i used is that it comes pre rooted ( which makes me feel slightly sheepish ! ) .
this might be some compatibility issue -- despite the fact that it seemed to work fine initially . it is not the first time i read such in connection with a class-10 card . i would recommend to get yourself a class-6 ( good enough and fast enough -- only in rare cases you would really note any difference ) , maybe preferably from a different brand than the current class-10 , and give that a try . chances are very good your trouble will disappear this way .
be patient , it can take a while for your device to show on there
if your device has a directional pad ( or a trackball ) , then when you press down , the previous search key would show up in the search box and is editable .
android os versions 3 . x and above ( honeycomb , ice cream sandwich ) actually have a setting that allows you to specify " owner info " text that will show up when the device is locked . there are also many 3rd-party locks-creen replacement apps that allow for much greater configuration flexibility than the stock one , including the ability to specify any text on the locks-creen . take a look at widgetlocker or go locker , for example . for the " unlocked " state , you can always modify an image to include the " if found . . . " text , copy it onto the device 's sd card ( or internal storage area ) , and set that as the wallpaper . you can use one of the myriad of free image editing software ( e . g . paint .net) to add the text .
try something like this . its an app that has sorted that sort of problem for alot of people . hope that does the trick .
if your phone is rooted and got clockworkmod installed , then try formatting and creating an ext partition in clockworkmod . its the most simplest and easiest way to do it . it will automatically take care of your fat partition too . for more info , read this article
" does not work outside us currently . we are working on getting a fix out . " . . . told me les vogel who is the staff developer programs engineer - googletv so i think we will have to wait .
for posterity 's sake , i would like to point out that after doing research online , i have found out that this is an issue plaguing samsung galaxy s2 and s3 as well . most of the discussions on this issue end with , " why do not you just get a @gmail account ? " since i refuse to have an email with numbers in it , i am going to stick to my more professional looking email on @live.com. i do not want to put an ugly email like jsmith223@live . com on my resume or any other correspondence for that matter . anyhoo , long story short , if you have a hotmail email address (@hotmail.com, @live.com, @outlook.com, etc ) and you value a synchronized mailbox ( meaning , having all sent and read messages marked as such on your desktop , web mailbox and phone regardless of where you sent or read a message ) , then do not get an android device until there is concrete evidence online of someone being able to show that it works . pop3 is archaic technology from the mid-90s . imap is not a whole lot newer , but you can still get by with imap . unfortunately , microsoft has refused to offer imap services on hotmail accounts . so your only options are pop3 and exchange activesync ( eas ) .
download the gsam battery monitor ( formally knows as bad ass battery monitor ) it will keep track of the number of times and for how long each app keep the device awake . open gsam and go to the app sucker view ( icon on the lower left ) . then change the view to time held awake . to see the number of time an app held the device awake press on the app . ( click to enlarge )
no , you can not . being able to see applications targeted at higher android version is useless , because it will not install or run anyway .
i found this from the google mobile help forum after a little searching . it is from 8/15/09 so i actually see something a little different on my phone settings > location > google location services . i have not tested it but hope it helps . quoting the site : hi everyone , apologies for not updating this thread specifically sooner . there is a new version available in android market ( version 3.1.2 ) . just search for " google maps " if you have at least the 1.5 system update ( cupcake ) and install this over your current version of maps . please let me know if you experience background location updating issues with this version . as long as you have enabled automatic location detection in the latitude privacy menu and have enabled location detection ( settings > security and location > use wireless networks ) , latitude should update your location while your phone is on . this means your location should never appear older than ~1 hour to any of your friends . thank you all for your patience ! chris
both facebook and twitter contact sync stopped doing anything useful sometime recently ( ics ? ) . they no longer provide a meaningful between your phone contacts and the actions provided by those clients . i think this has to do with changes to the android api that for whatever reason these companies have not adapted to . there is a stop-gap solution for facebook using a third party app such as contact sync for facebook or friends sync * but i do not know any solution for twitter other than the hack-it method of having a url listed and using the web client . * this publisher also has other sync apps for foursquare , flickr , and others .
i was able to take screenshots after rebooting the device and running the same screenshot app with root permissions . the golauncher screenshot feature gives the same results , corrupt image when ran as root and very small image when ran as non-root .
only devices with nvidia tegra chips in them can be completely restored to factory conditions . when you root your phone , the warranty is void , and there is no sending it back . you can back-up a rom and before booting , wipe the phone 's rom and restore one of the backed up roms . backing up and restoring is very time consuming , though . you would only want to do that so you could perhaps have an aosp rom , a touchwhiz rom , and perhaps a cm9 or aokp rom as well-- trust me , you will be too busy flashing new updates to worry about switching between backups . head over to http://forum.xda-developers.com/forumdisplay.php?f=1346 for the low down on the rest . you can never read enough , really-- the different roms will be under the development section .
i did a reset from " backup and reset " menu in settings . and this got the digital clock back .
i have found a solution . go to supersu > > settings > > " fully unroot this device . " done .
yes , it is possible . some devices even have an official ( branded ) adaptor for doing this , such as the asus transformer tf-101 . as you surmise , though , if the tablet does not support it , external convertors are quite unwieldy and typically need their own power supply , as they typically have to buffer a whole frame at a time in order to work . newer data projectors support hdmi or even mhl input , which allows you to use any tablet or phone with micro-hdmi or mhl output , with the appropriate cable . using either method , the presentations do not have to be of what is on your screen . android 4.1 and up provide a way for apps to send different visuals to the external display from the built-in screen , so ( for example ) presentation apps can show your slide on the big screen and notes and controls on the tablet itself .
it looks like the key was holding down volume-down , power , and camera buttons until the capacitive buttons ( home , search , etc ) lit up , which was longer than until the screen flashed ( as stated in the cyanogenmod wiki ) .
the string "3.0.8+ root@ubuntu #412" is the kernel version of your android . it does not mean your device is running ubuntu , though : it is not unusual that the kernel version includes the name of the machine it was compiled on . so it just tells you what the dev of your custom rom uses for development .
it sounds like no one has cracked the latest version of your firmware to allow for root access so you will have to downgrade to an earlier version of your stock rom . you may have already seen all this in your travels but if not , it may help . warning , this is by no means a definitive guide , but it is my best shot : downgrade your firmware : here is an old guide on how to downgrade , but it still should be relevant . here are old roms for your phone . root : this guide over at xda is pretty comprehensive . it was last updated in august , but it looks like it was edited just two weeks ago so it should still be good info . i would read through the thread and to see how it is been working for people . there may actually be more relevant instructions later on in the thread . again , i have no idea if this will work , so proceed at your own risk .
okay , . . . there was no app that i could find that would do this . so , i wrote one . it actually uses home screen shortcuts , not live folders , due to the way they are implemented and the complexity of coding them . if anyone should be interested , i have since rewritten it . . . you can find the new one here : live groups .
there is this tool called RSD Lite , which is ( afaik ) an internal tool from motorola to flash their phones . you should be able to find it around the googles . and here you should be able to pick up a stock firmware for the defy . this method worked for my moto cliq xt , but do not let this be a guarantee for your defy !
go to samsung kies software , on top left of the window , click the menu > driver recovery . let it reinstall drivers after driver installation finished , go to your phone , settings> application > development , tick usb debugging mode . under usb debugging mode connect your phone to the pc with usb . it installs correctly ! disconnect from pc untick usb debugging mode connect again and it works ! courtesy forum . ausdroid .net- usb not working ( mtp restarting )
i guess the easiest way is using an app like pocket ( formerly known as " read it later" ) . pocket accepts input from all kind of apps via the " share " menu ; i e.g. use it with my rss reader , twitter apps , browser , and more . so far for the " android end": even before the buffer starts filling , press " share " , select " pocket " , done . now for your pc , pocket offers addon for several browsers . for me , that is firefox , and it is addon works like a charm : i have got a small icon next to my url bar , which opens a ( paged ) list of saved entries which even offers a search/filter function – so it is easy to pick the wanted entry ( here : youtube url ) and watch the movie . the " share process " on your android device works in the background ( gives you status information via " toast messages" ) , so it does not disturb you in whatever you are doing . as a side effect ( you might already have taken that from my above description ) you can do the same with a lot of other stuff you want to " consume later " – as long as it provides an url : tweets , web pages , rss feeds , probably also podcasts and more . and if you decide to check some of the stuff while on the road , pocket offers a reader for that as well ( included with the app ) .
android will always use wifi once it is connected . you just have to disable mobile data . to do so go to Settings &rarr ; Mobile network settings and uncheck Data enabled .
you could physical approaches , such as setting a fan blowing across the phone or other airflow maximization ( e . g . , if you can stand it up , then both the back and front are exposed to air ) . lastly , if it does not interfere with the radios , you could try resting it on an upside-down heavy-duty aluminum jellyroll pan ( "cookie sheet" ) which will function as a heat sink . you can combine approaches of course ; a fan blowing over the jellyroll pan will be even better . that you are getting several hours before overheat tells me you are close , so you probably will not need to do much to dissipate the heat . standing the phone up may be enough . a fan almost certainly will be .
it does not support this out-of-the box , but you can swing it by using the xposed framework and the xposed gel settings module : install the xposed framework installer open the xf installer and select " framework " at the top of the menu , then press the " install/update " button on the next page reboot install xposed gel settings , either from google play or via the xf installer 's repo interface ( the " download " item on the main menu ) . launch xgels and open the app drawer ( tap the top left icon or swipe from the left edge ) . select " general " from the drawer , then switch on " rotation " on the list of settings . go into the xf installer and select " modules " from the main menu . check the box next to xgels to enable the module . reboot again
according to google i/o , ble will only be supported with android l . ( source : https://plus.google.com/117159045047546859181/posts/79nqfuwxezk )
i have no experience with this specific app , however here 's my two cents on the second half of your question . the android security model is very well thought out . android runs on the linux kernel ( a modified version ) and sandboxes every app through a variety of measures , including running each under a different user account . the biggest legitimate threat you have is installing malicious apps . most likely these will be trojans that ask for reasonable permissions ( reading your sd card , communicating with the network ) and use them for nefarious purposes . if i remember correctly , the malware prevention portion of avg works by scanning apps before you install them , much like desktop virus scans work . this is a reasonable way of protecting you , malicious apps can be added to a database and you are warned if anything you download ( from either the internet or the market ) is known to be bad . the only catch is that google usually removes illegal and malicious app from the play store within a few days of it becoming available . ( i have nothing but anecdotal evidence to back that claim up though ) so if you are installing a lot of apps from sources other than the play store , or you do not trust google to quickly catch malicious apps , installing an anti-virus is probably a good bet .
htc desire stock froyo rom . i do not see this behaviour . default message app shows the last messages by default . if i use the contact app ( tab with message conversations ) i see the more recent messages at the top . i can confirm that like kevin m on rare occasions the messaging app will show the earliest messages instead and i have to scroll to the bottom . that is a bug for sure , i have seen it only a couple of times though . . .
yes and it is called xposed additions - available as a free or paid version on the play store . i use it to disable the power button wake on my galaxy s4 and replace it with the " media play/pause " function and it works flawlessly .
check this article out . using m . boomeranggmail . com you can sign in with your gmail account and schedule delivery times for your emails . as of now there is not a standalone app , only the mobile web app . but it will do what you are wanting !
hold volume up + home + power key wait for 3 mins press volume down 3 times press power button press volume down 6 times press power key that will do a hard reset .
stock samsung software always mounts the sd card after the system is up , at least on my vibrant , so i would expect there is not too much you can do about that without hacking the startup scripts ( presumably difficult ) . as for the second problem , the market description says : " it can break some apps if they are not meant to be moved to the sd card ( such as widgets ) . " try moving any widgets back to your phone storage .
this issue solved itself over time with no changes needed .
i am pretty sure that isnt an option in the default design of android . i have never personally seen an app for such things because most people desire the programs to shut down to keep the speed of the phone up . it is the android system that is shutting unused programs down . the creator of the app would have to design a service to keep it running in the background or possible like an always on calculation or audio so the system would think the program was doing something . that would eat up your battery .
the x10 is distributed in two varieties for different regions of the world , and they are internally referred to as the x10a and the x10i by sony ericsson . strictly speaking , x10 is just a general term for the hardware of either of the x10 phones , so there is no " difference " since an x10a is an x10 . as for the difference between the x10a and the x10i , you can find a good explanation on the wikipedia page . essentially , the x10a is sold in south america and the x10i is sold in asia and europe . both phones are sold in the us and australia , but on different carriers . for instance , in the us , at and t carries the x10a and t-mobile carries the x10i . because they are targeted at different regions/carriers , they support slightly different frequency bands . the rest of the hardware is the same .
i share my experience and knowledge as an android developer : most widgets do not consume ( or use just a bit ) processor power when they are not visible , but some would consume even if your screen is off and phone is locked . it is based on what task the widget is considered to do , and how developer has written and optimized the code . as a general rule : more widgets would slow down your launcher ( desktop ) because your phone has to render ui of the widget every time it is shown to you . as i see , your phone is a low-end one and surely , it shows some lag when you add more widgets , but keep in mind that smartphones are made to do tasks , not to just scroll fast and be lag-free . so , if you really use those widgets , keep using them ! and one more thing , if your phone is running on android ics 4.0 or newer , you would not need any task manager or task killer . android itself best manages tasks and you should not worry about background tasks , as long as you have not installed any malicious app . killing background apps never improves speed on your phone or battery life .
i do not have an answer to that . i do have a workaround for it though . download this app from the play store called automateit . it is an app that allows you to make the phones to respond to certain situations . you could make a rule for the phone to follow , maybe something like : turn auto sync on when screen is turned on . hope this helps .
on Contacts tab of stock contacts app , hit Options button . then , choose more ~> Display Options . on this screen , un-check Only contacts with phone numbers . then , check all accounts whose contacts you want to delete ( like facebook , all gmail groups ) . and , un-check all accounts whose contacts you do not want to delete ( like phone , sim ) . tap Save button after you finished checking and un-checking . on Contacts tab , hit Options button again . choose Delete this time . on next screen , tap Select all and then Delete button . done ! after this , again go to display options to display your contacts which were not deleted .
i guess this article was made for you : import/export/move sms messages from windows mobile to android . it mentions several tools to export your sms from winmo to an xml file , which then can be imported on your android device without involving 3rd party tools . it also links to more useful articles on this topic . edit : as the op commented , he was successfully using the piemaster .netguide mentioned on the page i originally linked . as suggested , i add it here in case the originally linked page is unreachable some day .
i have solved the issue . the issue is that the memory card was locked by old nokia phone . so i unlocked it and now it is working perfectly . thanks for all your support .
yes . just download the nexus ' camera app onto your samsung device and install it . you will end up with 2 camera and gallery apps . they all have different icons , though , so you can visually see which one you want to open . see the following link for a download link and instructions . use the google camera app to create photospheres . note that to view the photospheres , you must also use the google gallery app ( which is also installed ) . http://www.intellectdigest.in/how-to-install-photosphere-on-samsung-galaxy-s4-without-rooting-on-touchwiz-ui-3529/?modpagespeed=noscript direct download : http://d-h.st/tk6 camera icons gallery icons in adw , i created a folder called camera and changed the icon names for the two camera apps to help distinguish between the two . i do not know if touchwiz can created folders or change the icon labels , though ; i installed adw ex as soon as i got the phone .
launch the google talk app open the overflow menu ( three vertical dots ) and choose Settings . tap the account you are using . check the Mobile indicator option . note : if you are signed in to your google account on a pc ( like if you left your browser open and logged in to gmail ) the mobile indicator may not be displayed . ( for reference : android version 4.1.1 , google talk v . 4.1.1 - 424425 )
you have to have root access to mount the drive as that article is describing ( calling su == becoming root ) . what are you trying to accomplish ? can you push the file to the sdcard instead ( if your device has one ) ?
buy a nexus s device directly from google . they will be the fastest at updating to the latest firmware . and they will always ship with stock android . everyone else is way behind . most are behind because they add customizations to android and have to make their changes , then they have to go through the google approval process . not to mention then having to go through the carriers testing process for deployment .
i did some searching due to the other answer and found someone on xda claiming that this is a market/play bug , and you are seeing it because the market thinks one of your apps is actually that ojsc mobile app . even better , i found this just-published story on the verge : samsung has several pieces of software that it installs on it devices but that are not in the google play store ( for obvious reasons ) . however , every single android app has an app name that identifies it on the android system , in this case the " unique " name is com . seven . z7 , which identifies samsung 's email app . what appears to have happened is that russian developer ojsc mobile telesystems gave that unique identifier to its "мтс мобильная почта" app , and so these samsung devices were tricked into thinking it was an update to samsung 's email client . since google play allows for automatic updating of all apps , it was installed on many devices . i could not find the app in the play store anymore , so perhaps google has taken it down to resolve this . below is the original version of this post , which would still be applicable in more normal circumstances . if it is a system app for supporting cyrillic text , which is what it sounds like , it could hardly be called malware . crapware , perhaps , if you do not need it . if you do not need it , then no need to update ( unless you want to be rid of the notification , though in that case i recommend rooting and removing the app ) . no reason not to update either i would say &mdash ; you already have it on your device , so unless it is doing something nasty in the new version in particular then you have already been exposed to any dangers it may contain :p . of course , updating will require more space on your device unless you are rooted and can entirely replace the original version with the update ( normally the system keeps all original versions of system apps ) .
i was able to root my phone using revolutionary . io after all , following the steps described here . however , instead of running ./revolutionary as described on the page , i had to use sudo ./revolutionary to make things work .
yes .
if you root your droid and install cyanogenmod there is something called dsp manager included which seems to do what you want .
one option ( probably the easiest ) would be to install cyanogenmod on your phone . i do not recall offhand if the latest stable release ( 7.0.3 ) is based on 2.3.4 or 2.3.3 , but you could certainly use a nightly build instead which would be 2.3.4 . the forums for the droid can be found here , and they have a section for stable builds and a section for nightly builds that you can take a look at . for detailed instructions on how to prepare and install cyanogenmod , the best resource is their wiki page .
as soon as someone unlock the bootloader ( i do not know if they already done ) someone will come up with a stock default theme rom . you can stay tuned at xda-developers for news about this .
i am assuming that u have already installed the drivers of the phone on ur pc . to enable the usb debugging mode in in xolo q1000 opus , follow the steps below :- first go to the settings tab and select the " about phone " option in category system . now tap the last option " build number " seven times , for the developer options to show the usb debugging . now turn on the developer options and the usb debugging . download an application for ur pc named as moborobo from this link : &lt ; http://www.moborobo.com/ > connect ur phone to the computer and open up moborobo application on the computer . the application will automatically detect ur phone , if the drivers are properly installed . and until the application is running , the adt will also show ur phone as online device . so u can easily test ur app on the xolo q1000 opus model . well , this is not the proper way to connect the phone , but it is surely an alternative . for any help , reply below . . . ! ! and do not forget to vote up the answer if ur issue is resolved .
this will not change the partition size of /system , but uses another approach : limit the data placed on that partition . so here 's what i did before flashing cm7.2 on my milestone²: download the file to flash . this is usually a .zip file ( otherwise , the following will not work ) open the .zip with your favorite archive manager ( alternatively : unpack to an empty folder ) look inside the /system/app folder of the .zip and remove apps you can live without ( make sure not to remove any app that is really needed by the system , like e.g. the launcher ) . this could e.g. be the calculator , livewallpapers , googleplus etc . copy those .apk files to a separate folder outside the .zip if unpacked to an empty folder , now zip it up again as you removed a lot/couple of apps from /system , flashing will require less space there , and no essential parts should be missing any longer . now if you still want to use e.g. googleplus , you can install it via the playstore ( which should place it below /data , so no prob ) or , if not found there , use the copy created in step 3 to install it manually ( for this , make sure install from other sources is enabled in your settings ) . if in doubt whether a file is really needed by the system itself , better leave it ( or at least ask first ) . but i am pretty sure you will find enough " easy removables " , so you will not need to touch those . before flashing , you could unpack the .zip to an empty folder and check the size of /system ( best : make a " before " and an " after " check ) . it should occupy less than 190mb ( better give it some additional safety margin , say " less than 180mb" ) for your action to complete successfully .
gmote will let you control your computer over wifi via your android phone . it basically treats it like a keyboard/mouse .
what are the bt yahoo ! mail settings for outgoing and incoming mail servers ? incoming mail ( pop3 ) server : mail . btinternet . com with port 110 outgoing mail ( smtp ) server : mail . btinternet . com with port 25 account name/login name : your email address ( including the "@btinternet.com" or "@btopenworld.com" part ) password : your bt yahoo ! password step-by-step online step-by-step instructions to help with your email setup .
i found that using the native vpn client on android is sufficient for this ( i have 4.1.2 ) . from the home screen , hit menu , settings , more settings , vpn , add vpn network , put in the host name / ip address of your ras . default is pptp , which worked for me , you will be prompted to enter your domain credentials . currently , i am going to try to the paranoid anroid rom for my phone . http://forum.xda-developers.com/galaxy-s2/orig-development/rom-paranoidandroid-4-2-beta3-t2603784 running stock now . phone is getting old . hopefully this will extend it is usable life .
i have tried on my galaxy s3 and i could not find a way to do this . searching on the web returns nothing more ( aside of trying to delete/recreate an account until it is given the color you want , wich i did not tried ) . you can use another mail client than the one pre-installed on the gs3 . i have tried the following ones : maildroid : great one , possible to choose the color for each account from a palette , free version is add-based aquamail : good one too , you can choose the color for each account from 8 predefined colros , free version has no adds k-9 mail : possible to choose the color for each account from a palette , no adds , but looks a bit old
having a different external display was one of the new features with jelly bean 4.2 you will need a siutable update for your s3 to stand a chance . what level of support you will get then is still in doubt depending upon the real hardware capabilities and what support samsung put in .
basic caveat . it is likely ( and to be expected ) that a firmware ( or os ) upgrade will wipe any user data or settings . these settings are not easily translated / adjusted across such an update . however , most tools will give such a warning before you proceed . in more detail . . firmware update ( rom code ) a firmware update will normally cause all user data , settings , and ( custom loaded ) applications to be lost . this is because many applications and your online identity ( connection to e-store ) are usually firmware specific . exceptions : for only a minor update it may be possible to just replace the firmware , and not disrupt the higher layers . this is only advice for developers and the truly adventurous . your specific case : you are attempting to replace the telstra ( big australian telco ) firmware with ( possibly ) later firmware . this will likely not include any telstra specific applications , and you would need to re-register the phone ( upon completion ) . by then all data , settings , and applications would have been lost . firmware update ( android os ) an android update will normally attempt to retain all user data , settings , and ( custom loaded ) applications . but this is only true for minor update , as major changes will make your existing applications incompatible . for each application , the vendor may provide an update with support for the new version to convert ( or import ) any old data . exceptions : if you are attempting a major android update ( eg . from 3.2 to 4.0+ ) this will very likely not retain ( in any useful form ) any of your settings . your specific case : if you were using kies to update android from 4.0 to 4.0.4 ( or similar ) this should be as painless as ota ( over-the-air ) updates ( prompted on your phone ) . however , it is not clear from your description what type of ' firmware ' ( android or rom ) it is suggesting . note : i have not used kies , as it has no linux support . recommendation : look at syncing or backup tools , to save any user data ( phone numbers , messages , etc . ) to your pc . any applications will be more of a problem , but will still available ( in the online e-store ) to again download .
the easiest and fastest way to move over pictures/albums from your phone to your computer is using a usb cable and connecting your device to your computer . if you have a windows pc , your device should automatically come up . if you have a mac . you will need to download a tool called android file transfer . i will provide you with the links below . anyways , it is really simple . like i said , if you have a windows pc . just connect the device , wait for drivers to load automatically and then open windows explorer : start > run > explorer and browse through the directories on your device , if your albums are stored locally on your phone and not an sd card . you pictures should be under : dcim\media\pictures this may be different depending on the device if you are on a mac . use the aforementioned application . simply download the app , install it , and plug-in your device . once the application recognizes your phone , you will be able to browse the phone 's directories . android file transfer
i think it has something to do with the api demos , as i have searched google for this text , and found this : https://android.googlesource.com/platform/development/+/master%5e1%5e1..master%5e1/ looking at the file it says , its name is " appupdatesspreceiver . java " . it makes sense that very few know about this problem , as this app is mainly used for developers who wish to see what is new on the new version of android , and how to use the new stuff . i have no idea what is its purpose and what it tries to demonstrate - the comment there says " executed when a new version of the application is is installed . " , but it does not seem the case ) . anyway , uninstalling the api demos seems to solve the problem . can anyone please tell me what is this demo ?
i do not know how to make the setting stick , but if you are using ics you can easily disable the samsung calendar app - so it will act as if it is uninstalled . you can disable it by clicking the disable button on the app settings page - just above the disable notifications checkbox . once this is done , reboot your device and it will act as if that app is no longer installed !
yes - all android devices will work without a sim card , and can be connected to wifi for an internet connection . edit : just so people know , there is a setting in the build . prop file that determines whether or the not the device can be used without a sim or not . most of the time this is set to allow it , however in rare cases it may be disallowed .
according to androidcentral and these xda posts , the photon 4g is specifically made to prevent access to at and t or t-mobile and an unlock code will not do anything . presumably so that if you are in the us and do not need to roam away from sprint , you can not switch away from sprint . the limitation does not appear to have been hacked around yet .
opensource iptableslog app does exactly that . the features are : real time log display hostname resolving per app view filters based on app name , hostname , port it needs root and busybox .
i use smestorage . i actually use 2 storage clouds on it . my home webdav server and skydrive . my files physically reside on my home webdav server and on skydrive . i have a phone to skydrive folder sync setup through the smestorage app for some docs/files . smestorage has the ability to encrypt files uploaded to it and then decrypt on the fly from the client , which suits me . it uses aes-256 and does not store the private key so if you lose the key your stuffed but again this approach suits me .
the stereo supports bluetooth hands-free but not bluetooth audio , which is used to stream music , so no , this is not possible . for more information see bluetooth profile on wikipedia and compare hands-free profile ( which the stereo supports ) and a2dp ( which it does not ) . theoretically , you could stream music through the hfp but the quality would be terrible , like listening to music in a phone call .
after some research , i finally got some details . unlocking a bootloader will generally not change the bootloader of a device . the locked bootloader somehow ensures that the device should boot up with the os that is shipped originally with the device or updated by the vendor officially . locked bootloader puts this as a security measure so that it can prevent the users from installing custom rom 's . when the bootloader is unlocked it will simply provide the booting instructions to the device without checking for the stock rom on the device . the device will boot with the rom present in /boot and /system partitions and thus unlocking a bootloader is an essential step if one want to install custom rom . thus overall , locking a bootloader is just an extra built-in security check and unlocking will just remove this check but will not modify the entire bootloader of your device .
after connecting via usb and receive the message " connecting as installer " on your phone 's screen , make sure you are phone is not on the lock-screen and swipe down from the top ( or at least on my verizon device ) you can access " usb pc connection " settings under the " ongoing " tab . check one of two options , mtp or ptp . this would be the same pull-down where you would quickly alter various settings , view downloads and be able to link to recent notifications . this will effectively switch out of installer mode so that you can access your phone 's directory and that of any sub sequential micro sd card . hope this helps .
error "-18" ( see the previous-to-last line of your log ) is a typical app2sd error . trouble is , there were remains from a previous install left on the sdcard , and now the package manager cannot create a file with a name already existing . there are two possible approaches : if the app is already installed , and you are trying to update : move it back to " internal storage " ( e . g . via settings→apps , scroll to the app , open it is entry , and use the corresponding button ) . then try to update again . once succeeded , optionall move the app back to sdcard otherwise : attach the card to your pc using a card reader ( or , if you have root access , use a file-manager with root support , e.g. es file explorer ; without root , android will hide the folder you need to access ) . in the root of the card , you should find a folder named .android_secure ( note the leading dot ! ) . navigate into it . watch out for a file named smdl2tmp1.asec ( see the corresponding error message : Failed to create container smdl2tmp1 ) , and remove it . if you had used a cardreader attached to your pc : unmount the card safely , and put it back to your device . try installing the app again , it should work now . reading the log again , it looks like the cause was a little different here : executing /system/bin/newfs_msdos failed: No such file or directory is where the trouble starts . the system was unable to create a " handler " to deal with the fat file system on the sdcard , thus could not access it ( ASEC FAT format failed (I/O error) ) , and then could not deal with the " smdl2tmp1" container because of that . in short : it looks like there is a binary missing ( or it is there but lacks the appropriate permissions ) .
try using google search , works flawlesly on my magic to look for contacts in any way i like , you might need to update latest version from the market
i do not know whether tasker can meanwhile handle that itself , but it is at least doable with the right plugin . there is e.g. locale nfc plugin which could fill this gap . alternatives exist as well , like a modified version of anytag , which is used e.g. in this tutorial . for more examples , tutorials , and possibilities , i recommend a googlefu , ahem , search for " tasker nfc " , which brings up a lot of tuts and even youtube videos explaining different magical things to achieve this way .
answering the question i have been searching for a solution to this issue since i have seen your question , probably when you have set a bounty . till now i have found tons of unhappy users complaining about the same issue , no pause/resume during a video record . i have read just about every first fifty results presented for every search that i came up with on google , been into google market , reference forums , etc . . . sigh ! the only answer that i have found relevant to be mentioned was provided by ryan conrad concerning this topic , for the same phone . ( no need for transcription to this answer ) since this is being requested a few years ( at least since 2011 that users are complaining at google forums ) , and since the functionality to pause while recording needs system support due to the api and hardware being used that must provide such capabilities , software developers cannot go around this . some devices may be capable of dealing with the pause/resume feature , but that is unclear . i believe that you will just have to wait until manufacturers and developers can not stand the voice of the unhappy user anymore , and improve this issue . the android api currently does not provide the pause method this is a bit technical , but was solicited on the comments . the public class mediarecorder , being used since api level 1 , does not has the capability to pause , as one can observe from the mediarecorder state diagram : when recording , the api allows us to either use the reset() or stop() public methods : reset() -> restarts the mediarecorder to its idle state . stop() -> stops recording .
i had faced the same problem myself . system settings > device > accessibility > services . something in there is set to on . switch it to off and you will be ok . i had the same problem because i had an application set to on . instant fix !
all ota updates reset file permissions , so you will lose root unless you take special precautions . install ota rootkeeper and make a backup of your su executable before applying this update . you will be able to restore your root once update is finished . obviously , since this is an incremental update , you need to have a stock nexus rom . if you deleted or altered some system files , update may fail . i used galaxy nexus toolkit to apply these updates , worked ok for me ( and i kept my root ) .
there are many for android , this two seem to perform the tasks mentioned by " track and share " ( additionally , you can check the left column from google play store for related apps ) : time recording - timesheet app timesheet manager - easy to use , highly adaptive . manage your timesheet . check in and out task assignment daily and detailed notes overview of day , week , month data export and email as csv , html or xml integrated backup and restore check the lifehacker review . daily task tracker keep track of your tasks that you repeat on a daily basis . this app allows the user to keep track of daily tasks that are important to them . add each task and then throughout the day or at the end of the day check off the ones that were completed .
all the methods you have tried , and the ones i have been reading for the past hour , exploit a circuit " bump " that should not even happen in the first place . if they do not work with your phone , be happy , your phone is not suffering from further defects . some i am referencing are : plug your phone to your computer using the usb cable . remove and add the battery several times to make the phone start booting : this video or this video . gently flick ( tap ) the back of the phone , right under the lens , with a finger . what you should actually do is to repair the phone , it costs a certain amount , but at least you get the problem fixed by professionals and can take preventive measures to prevent this from happening again . to repair , you can use nexus s power button repair or other near you . as a preventive measure , to avoid degrading the power button , you can use an app to lock/unlock the phone . with it , you will give less use to your power button , and in turn it may last longer . even if it gets broken again , with an app , you still have alternative methods of controlling your phone ( lock/unlock ) . fix broken power button by destil available from google play store . note : an app installed on your phone cannot power it on . so , if the power button breaks again , be sure to not let your phone 's battery get empty .
the green is a notification that you are still on a call .
4.2.2 and 4.3 customized roms ( cyanogenmod in my case ) fix the issue . . . and bring in other ones , less important ( the mp3 tags are not streamed with the musioc for instance = the name of the song is not displayed ) .
the time issue seems to be a known bug has already been reported and fixed in aug 2012: sms times bug - august 2012 timestamp for text messages - may 2012 i suggest you update to the latest version , currently at 2.1.3.767 beta . if that still does not work , i suggest you report it .
found it myself : k-9 mail @ google play
the nfc feature does not sit in the battery , only the antenna does . nfc consists of : an integrated chip ( soldered onto the logic board ) an nfc antenna that needs free view to the phone 's back side ( antenna signals from the sticker on the back of the battery only need to pass the back cover ) if you look at the antenna you will notice how big it is . it is basically just a coil with 4 windings , see ifixit is teardown . nfc allows for passive devices ( credit cards and such ) which need to be fed energy from an active device through the antenna . some engineer decided its best fit would be as a sticker on the battery . there is only 2 positions where you can place it : back of the battery inner side of the battery cover ( like with the nexus s ) my guess is this : by placing it on the battery , the expensive and big 2-point connector ( as with the nexus s ) could be merged together with the battery contacts to make it cheaper ( and/or maybe more robust ) .
after hours of searching on the net and string of emails with the customer care i received a call from a member claiming to be from the technical team . the end result of the call was that there is no hdmi setting in the settings panel and the only way to display content on to the tv using hdmi is through the stock " vortex " player , which basically has no options than to change volume , display mode and the tracker . i could not find any info on this player 's version or if there is any update for it that could help . also my search for some effective alternative like realhdmi for droidx almost has hit a dead end . marking this as answered to serve as information source for people who buy this product and hope i might receive some effective alternatives in the future .
it removes the app 's entry from the /data/data/com.android.vending/databases/localappstate.db database : i am not aware of it making any other modifications to the filesystem ( it does not touch library.db insofar as i can tell ) , but it is possible that there is some other magic behind it .
not only the screen is a main consumer . based on the motorola droid , i can give you some data to compare : as you can see , there are clearly compontents/actions with a much higher energy consumptions -- but the display gives you good potential to reserve some . data source is an article at heise . de called energiesparplan ( google translate version here ) .
android has " partial " support for ipv6 , which basically means there is some code for it but it does not really work yet . check this google thread for more info .
i think My Files does not allow you to create files . you could try a 3rd-party app like file expert though ; this app lets you create both files and folders .
i have managed to deal with this problem by performing a " soft reset " . hold down the power button for around 30 seconds , the device should start a soft reset ( i.e. you do not lose any data/settings etc . ) and reboot . -- why it blocked and prevented me from performing a screen unlock remains to be explained .
easy tether from mobile stream should work . it is a way to share your internet connection with another device via usb . get the lite version ( does not support https , or tethering to gaming consoles ) or the full version . supports windows 7/vista/xp ( 32-bit and 64-bit ) , mac os x 10.7/10.6/10.5/10.4 , ubuntu 10.4+ and fedora 13+ full version supports the following : tether ps3 , wii , xbox via pc internet connection sharing , you need a computer for game console tethering .
holding the power button brings up the " power options " menu . in there you can choose the profile .
some apps will use the led to indicate that there is a notification . for instance , the led blinks green for me when i have received an e-mail message and blinks blue when twitter has a message for me . there is no consistency as to how to manage these , however . for instance google voice has it under Menu | More | Settings | Sync and notifications | Light , but no way to choose the color . gmail does not offer any way to control it .
the following short procedure should work : press power button ( enable the screen ) hold power button for 1 second ( new required step on android 4.2.2 , not needed on 4.2.1 ) press volume up or down until phone vibrates optionally press power button again ( turn off screen ) the idea is to enable the screen first , because then volume buttons would be enabled to change ringer volume ( when screen is off they only work for music volume if it is playing ) . then depending on what volume you had set you need to press volume up or down : if volume was set to silent , press volume up once , the phone should vibrate , now the phone is in vibrate only mode if volume was set to regular ringtone , press volume down several times until phone vibrates . now phone is in vibrate mode . pressing volume down again would enable silent mode . so you need to press volume down or up until you feel single vibrate and the you can leave the phone as is and it should turn off screen after short time by default . there should not be much risk leaving screen enabled in a pocket for a while , but if you want you can press power button again to disable screen , but you risk pressing volume keys again which might either put phone in silent mode or enable ringtone . full procedure that should always work : press power button ( enable lock screen ) press volume down up to 7 times until phone vibrates then stop the procedure ( this assumes there are 9 levels of volume , see below ) if phone not vibrated press volume up ( you were probably in silent mode ) , phone should vibrate if phone not vibrated repeat the procedure only one more time ( maybe screen was enabled and first step turned it off ) optionally if phone vibrated , press power button once to turn off screen phone changes between following states when pressing volume up/down keys : maximum volume . . . . . . medium volume . . . . . . minimum volume vibration only no sound , no vibration - silent mode the procedure was tested on galaxy nexus , but since nexus 4 is very similar ( same button layout/number , os version , nexus brand ) it should also work for it . update : since android 4.2.2 changing volume on lock screen as described above does not work . there is additional step needed : holding power button for at least 1 second when screen is enabled . this will bring the " power off/airplaine mode " dialog and volume buttons will work there .
i had the same issue . found this solution on another site : open " settings " app go to " sim card manager " tap on " data service network " choose the sim as the data sim note that only the first sim slot supports 3g internet . so if you want to use 3g you must plug your 3g sim in the first slot .
alas , that is not possible . at least not without reflashing the htc 's partition table ( which happens to be in the bootloader section , aka . hboot ) . there is seemingly no modded hboot out there for the explorer . i only know of repartitioned hboots for the htc desire . reason : /cache is backed by a separate block device on all android devices ( i.e. . mount-point or partition ) , it is needed to hold firmware update files ( e . g . definitely needed for encrypted phones ) . so if you move it , there is no gain because that partition will still be there and not free up space for the /data partition . in case you shrink the /cache partition , ota updates will not be possible any more ( you had have to use a custom recovery to do it ) .
some phones ' partitions have a separate partition for the kernel ( often called " boot" ) that is separate from the one that holds /system . unzip the cynanogenmod update . zip - there should be a boot . img inside . if you have fastboot and know how to use it , you can flash boot . img with ./fastboot flash boot /path/to/boot.img ( you will need to be s-off for this ; sounds like you are . ) another option is to go back to stock and flash cm again . if you are flashing cm over top of itself you may be able to get away without wiping /data ( you may still want to wipe /cache )
the accelerometers are hardware , thus always on . when you deactive the settings that need them ( your example auto-rotate screen is a good one ) , you merely deactivate the reading of that sensor to control the activity . a good proof of this is to use the game app " drop " , which uses these sensors . while you may turn off auto-rotate , the sensors are still live for the game .
on activation of a google account on your device , you will be asked whether you want to backup your data to the google cloud . while this must be explicitly supported by the apps to take effect for their data ( which only a few do ) , and thus will never be a complete data backup , many of your most private data will be affected here – amongst others your wifi aps including their ( plain text ! ) passwords , which even might lead to other issues beside privacy . but even if you answer this with " no " , your contacts , calendars , and more will be automatically sync'd with the google cloud without you being explicitly asked for . so here are some things you might want to consider . the list is definitly not complete , i certainly have missed some points ( and might add some lateron ) . " do you want to backup . . . " ( see above ) : this includes data of some apps which support it , a list of apps installed on the device – but also sensitive data such as configured wifi aps with their passwords in plain-text ( open issue #57560 ) in the sync settings of your google account , de-select what you do not want to sync . do this before entering any of your private data ( contacts , calendars , etc . ) , and remember you will have to re-do this after a factory-reset . side-effect : the less you sync , the less this can eat your data-plan . consider switching the default storage in your contacts/calendar/ . . . app from " google account " to " device " 1 android 4.4+: install an alternative sms app and make it the default one ( in settings→wifi you can chose which app to be used for sms ) to avoid your messages being mixed into hangouts . to be on the safe side , you can also disable sms support in hangouts . android 4.4+: install an alternative gallery app 2 to avoid your images being mixed with google+ ( looks like the separate gallery app will be gone soon as well ) . side-effect : again savings on your data-plan for not automatically syncing all your photos ( alternatively , photo sync/instant upload can also be turned off in g+ settings afaik ) . avoid services like google+ which are quite intrusive to privacy . if that is not an option for you , check their settings thoroughly , and opt-out from intrusives whereever possible . disable google maps and replace it by a good alternative . apps like the open-source osmand , oruxmaps , or locus map not only offer you much better offline capabilities , but also save your device 's juice by not constantly running in the background even without being explicitly started by you . if you followed all above suggestions , you now might as well think about disabling google now – it no longer can tell you it is "10 minutes to your parents " , or " you need to start to work earlier because of higher traffic " , as it does not know where ( or who ) your parents are , and where your work place is ( or what the traffic conditions are ) . and cannot give you advices like " buying this because your friends like it " . there are several more things you can do for your privacy , not being restricted to google 's services . if rooting is an option for you , things like xprivacy are definitly worth a look . a good starting point are our privacy tag-wiki and other questions tagged " privacy " . ps : turning wifi off when you do not need it ( with 4.3+ , remember there is also the " keep scanning for networks even if wifi is switched off " setting in settings→wifi→advanced to be considered ) could even protect you against being tracked by advertising trashcans . . . 1 there are alternative sync possibilities like owncloud , funambol , and others available 2 quickpic is a good candidate here
engadget has just reported that the nexus s is having issues with random reboots ( http://www.engadget.com/2011/02/15/nexus-s-suffering-from-random-data-loss-reboots/ ) and apparently fixes are coming . to see the log you can get the following app : alogcat
i do not believe this is possible with the default contacts app ( and i do not know of any third-party ones ) . android 's language/locale support is very basic -- for example , your date format cannot be changed independently unlike , say , windows -- so i recommend filing a bug with google , hopefully it will be fixed in the future .
afaik the different partitions are identified by their ordering on the sd card . therefore the standard fat32 partition comes first , followed by the app/data partition ( usually ext3 or ext4 ) . sometimes a swap partition follows as third partition . if you use the same partition pattern ( number of partitions and partition types ) on the new sd-card there should be no problem . the partition sizes should not play a role - as long as you do not reduce the size . just partition the sd-card , format the partitions and copy your data from your old sd-card over to the new .
found the answer via this site : http://www.grc.com/cookies/forensics.htm third-party cookies are accepted by the standard browser and also by firefox .
if your phone is rooted , it is possible to do this by modifying system files that govern the keyboard . a much easier ( and safer ) way would be installing a 3rd-party keyboard replacement app that has a french qwerty layout . out of keyboards i have personally used , i can recommend anysoftkeyboard with french language pack . it includes both azerty and qwerty ( french-canadian ) layouts .
the default kernel ( dark core ) is derived from the voodoo kernels , but the lagfix is disabled by default . for example , the v9.5 description on xda has the following note : new kernel > > dark core v1.0 inside ! i9000 , i9000m , i9000t only ( cappy users choose speedmod or skip kernel ) customized and built by ficeto [ team darky dev crew ] based on supercurio’s latest voodoo sound 6 , lagfix and color - thanks a ton , mr . supercurio if you install on top of a kernel with voodoo enabled already then you should be fine ( and i do not believe it will disable it , but you can re-enable if it does ) . there are a handful of threads on the darky forums that talk about some of the nuances to this , but here are a couple : the quick start guide - recurrent questions ( the " recommendations prior to flashing a rom " section talks about lagfixes ) . activate lagfix in 9.2 ? what is a lagfix and how to enable or disable it ( this one is kind of goofy but still helpful )
not a complete answer , but some background information : your device can have more than 1 location provider , e.g. one based on gps and one based on which mobile phone towers it can see . android does not have a one single last known position . each location provider has its own last known position . a location has additional metrics , like accuracy , when it was recorded , what was recorded ( e . g . does it have an altitude component etc ) so it depends on which location provider the app uses and that can depend on or even change based on dynamic parameters . e.g. on start-up it could ask android for the fastest location provider to get going and then switch to the most accurate one to gradually get a better fix .
do you use go launcher ? i do and if started happening to me after a recent update . it coincided with go trying to get me to download their company 's browser with a pop up . i am guessing it is not a coincidence . i have since removed go and it has not happened again . chalk it up to shady marketing .
no . once it is factory-reset or even flashed , the android device manager is no longer able to find it . background : android device manager uses your google account to communicate with the device . moreover , you have to explicitly enable it on the device . once factory-reset / wiped / flashed , all that is gone .
your best bet would be to go with either launcherpro : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.fede.launcher my personal favorite , or adw : https://market.android.com/details?id=org.adw.launcher both provide customization to the dock ( set of icons at the bottom ) , number of homescreens , transitions , app drawer effects , as well as custom themes and widgets . note : there are free versions of both , but the paid versions add more features . while you can cover up some of what samsung has done , things like the notification bar and lockscreen are not affected by these apps . in some cases rooting and/or installing custom roms would be required to manipulate them .
so far only honeycomb is a tablet-only version . other versions are used on phones , tablets and other devices ( tvs , android-x86 etc . ) .
it is funny you ask this since gmail just came out today with functionality that allows for different ringtones to be set for different labels ( using custom label notifications . ) this might not be perfect since you would need to specify a label per contact to make it work , but it could serve your needs .
update.zip are never touched by android . inside that archive is a script that is parsed and interpreted by the recovery runtime . the recovery , at execution , opens the archive by unzipping into a temporary directory , reads the script , aptly named update-script , analyzes it , and based on the syntax , executes a function known to recovery , that function may do the following , to name but a few : mount /system and other filesystems , and perform read/write file operations including , copying the kernel , or , an apk or even formatting a partition etc check the build.prop for certain properties , such as device , manufacturer , etc print display to the screen , progress information etc it is pretty much a de-facto standard incorporated into android open source project ( aosp ) clockworkmod , twrp are derivatives of the barebones version that resides in aosp with additional enhancements , such as touchscreen input .
there is a tool on google play called batman , which collects battery status information in the background and stores it into a csv file on sdcard . that done , you could use sync tools like e.g. foldersync to have the file uploaded to your linux machine in regular intervals , where you can have it processed by any tool you prefer . another variant ( a little more tricky ) could be using tasker to create the data : tasker offers the variable %BATT to give the current battery level in percent . it also supports things like http_post , so you could have tasker post the current battery level in fixed intervals , and let your server do the rest ( see the tasker userguide for details ) . note : tasker does not come for free , it is about 5 bucks . but you can download a free 7-day trial at the homepage for testing .
what abaout http://www.appbrain.com/app/andar-model-viewer/edu.dhbw.andarmodelviewer also http://www.appbrain.com/app/model-loader-3d-lite/com.okean.modelloader3dlite this was let me appbrain search for you http://www.appbrain.com/search?q=3d+model
in android , every application runs as a separate user . in the linux kernel , each process is owned by a single user , therefore it is not possible to run multiple dalvik applications on a single linux process . the overhead of running multiple dalvik vm instance is lightweight because linux fork() system call is copy-on-write , a write to a shared cow page will cause a " page fault " and that page will be copied ; so even though most of the vm 's memory region in the ram is shared there are no " shared state " between vms . forking processes provides only state isolation , but not privilege isolation . dalvik vm should not be considered a security boundary that is because the vm cannot enforce a security boundary . the vm is running on user mode ( the same mode as the program it is executing ) , which means a bug in the vm might allow the application to modify vm state in a way that is not intended ; the kernel , however , runs in privileged mode and can enforce security boundary .
tap the gesture button to bring gesture drawing screen . on this screen , you can find a gear icon in bottom-right corner . tap it and you will find 1st option on next screen for changing position .
the issue is solved . afaicu , there was possibly a problem with android update hosting site or somewhere on a trace to it , because the device was connected to and was capable of browsing internet without a problem , including google.com. after some time , even without updating the progress indicator , the device displayed Install &amp; Reboot button . after this all goes well . so , the answers are : android provides cumulative update to 4.4.2 , at least for nexus 7 ( 2013 ) . android should improve the way how it shows status information . if it encounters some problems with downloading an update , it should output something like " connection timeout , trying to reconnect . . . " instead of just " downloading " all the time . also the progress indicator may have a bug preventing it from proper ui update in similar sitations .
you might be able to use a qemu based app like the one from motioncoding , but i can not see it running on anything other than very high end android devices . even then , i doubt a vm will work very well . . .
some vendors set up their phones to reinstall system applications at boot in case they go missing . try finding a directory that contains a copy of the apk that is used to reinstall it , and delete it from there . a simple alternative solution is to freeze the unwanted apps rather than uninstalling them . titanium backup and link2sd can help you with that ( both require root ) . in ics+ , there is also a user-accessible mechanism to deactivate apps from the settings menu .
sounds like you are stuck in a bootloop . if you backed up your phone before you flashed the release , reflash that image . if not . . . well try reflashing the rom release . if this still does not work , flash an older version of cyanogenmod , or your phones stock , factory rom .
it is a bug with openvpn connect , apparently : you are absolutely right -- server-pushed keepalive parameters ( ping , ping-restart ) are being ignored in 1.1.12 and earlier . will be fixed in next release . thanks , james by using openvpn for android ( alternative ) , i can connect properly .
according to the game 's official website , it is available " exclusively on iphone , ipad , and ipod touch " . the developer has chosen not to release an android version . they may do so at a later date . often with mobile games , the developer will release on one platform first ( usually whichever they are most familiar with ) to test how much of a market there is for the game , before porting it to the other platform .
on all my android devices ( 3 htc phones and an asus transformer ) , if you sign off gtalk manually ( gtalk/menu/exit ) , gtalk does not reconnect again until you do it manually .
you do not " unroot " per se with odin ; you just flash a stock , unrooted rom that wipes out everything currently on the phone . it should not matter whether you use odin or heimdall . note also that unrooting will not matter if you have flashed anything with odin , since that also voids your warranty and is recorded on the device .
you cannot just install cyanogenmod on any rooted device . it has to be one of the supported devices . there a lot of differences between builds of android and cyanogenmod for each device . they have different chipsets , gps , cameras , etc . they are always looking for other people to help support new devices though .
open the google-maps application . select an area you want to save the map for . once the red pin appears you will have the street name at the bottom of the screen and the ' route ' icon . swipe this white box upwards . one of the options is Save map to use offline
i would say it is expected behavior . i mean , the big " delete " button in the gmail web app tosses the whole conversation to the dust bin . you have to dig a little deeper on the individual message to delete it out of the conversation . ( also , unlike the web app there is no option to view individual messages like a classical e-mail client . ) by the way , have you downloaded the latest gmail app from the market ? there are quite a number of significant improvements over the stock app .
i updated my phone to motorola system version 2.3.340 and it took care of this issue . steps to update : press the menu button from the home screen . touch `settings` touch `about phone` touch `system updates`
i did some research and was not able to find any way to do this on a stock device . however here is a link for you root users that allows you to remove the stock emoticons and replace them with standard ones , i am sure it will let you do other emoticons as well .
make a backup uninstall the amazon copy install btep from the play store open titanium backup and select your btep backup . as long as the app is installed at the time , it will give you the option to restore data only :
root will not be necessary , the android api allows apps to set the output file format to . mp4 . so you just need to find an app that makes use of it . but , as with most video file extensions , .avi and .mp4 are just container formats . therefore the actually used video codec , that is responsible for the quality of the video , is not changed by changing the container format . the android api itself recommends to use .3gp as container format for better compatibility . using an mpeg-4 container format may confuse some desktop players . source i am not aware of an android video recording app that actually saves the video with h . 264/avc compression . i think that this is because of the royalty fee one has to pay to use the codec .
i believe if you uninstall the last . fm app , then use the voice action " listen to . . " , a pop up should show asking which of the default players listed here , will show up and be used . if however , you had prefer the default in-built player to play , use listen to or the app choice dialer , available in both free and paid versions in the market .
setting this option forces android to stop each process as soon as it is empty ( that is , when no services are started and no activities are on screen for that app ) . to be clear : this option will not stop apps that would normally run in the background from doing so . your mail client will still run periodically to check mail , if it is configured to do that . apps that use google cloud messaging to receive push messages from internet servers ( such as gmail and facebook ) will still be able to do so . the option would be better named " cached background process limit " , since it limits apps that would otherwise show up with that label in the apps manager . next time each app needs to start , android has to load the app from storage , from scratch . this uses more power and takes longer than running it again when the process was in memory . this does not just mean when you start an activity from that app deliberately ; it also means the email client has to be loaded afresh each time it wants to check email . over time this can build up to a huge battery drain . because this is a development option , it can also trigger rare bugs in certain apps , and those apps ' developers may not be keen to fix them . one example is that , on nexus devices running 4.2.2 , when this option is on , the in-built calendar app will keep restarting itself with this option set , because stopping the cached background process causes the calendar 's content provider to be removed , which causes a loop of services restarting each other to check for calendar updates . if this happens , the loop will run down your battery very quickly .
workaround - use google docs via a browser , and bookmark that page .
i have used dolphin hd for some time now , but every time i try to compare its features with dolphin mini i get frustrated , there is no clear documentation everywhere . that said , dolphin mini is a version of the browser that is optimized for velocity and reduced resources use , so i came to the conclusion that dolphin hd is the right path to go if you have a terminal with decent resources ( 700mhz o more powerfull processor , 512mb of ram or more , 800x400 resolution , etc . . . . ) while the mini version is here to that ones that do not have this kind of terminals or that prefer a more faster browser even at the cost of missing some features . so with the two versions being free i choose dolphin hd if the terminal is powerfull enough to allow you to maintain 3 or more tabs open an user flash .
in the context of android , more ram means android can keep more sleeping program in the ram so they will be ready to be quickly resumed when you return back to the apps . more ram means android is going to spend less of its time killing and reloading apps from the internal memory/sd card , and instead spend more time doing actual work you care about . this means that more ram usually give you better/faster task-switching . also , more ram means your homescreen is less likely to be killed ; and you will not experience that 10-second-wait-that-feels-like-forever . having more ram also allows you to run complex apps that naturally requires a lot of memory , e.g. photo/video editor , complex games , etc . a higher cpu is able to calculate things much faster , while this might look tempting at first , it is notable that most programs -- except for games and synthetic benchmark and possibly flash-heavy webpages -- are i/o-bound and not cpu-bound ; in other word , most programs are waiting for network transmission , flash storage reads , dma reads , touch event processing , etc to finish , instead of waiting for some calculations . in cpu-bound application , increasing cpu speed can mean less latency between touching the screen and the screen updating to reflect the touch event . however , up to a certain point , there will be no longer any noticeable benefit of adding even more cpu ; beyond a certain point , the input turnaround will be much faster than our own brain 's turnaround time ( approx . 100-200ms ) and we will not be able to perceive the benefit of adding even faster cpu . also , note that input-to-output turnaround time depends on a large number of other factors , e.g. the latency of the cables , speed of the bus , etc . second , having some extra cpu time to spare also means that android can assign those spare cpu cycles to background processes , so background processes can run better . summary more ram : better task-switching can run more complicated apps or open larger/more complex files more cpu : faster turnaround between input and response ( less lag ) on cpu-bound apps better background processing in short , both are equally important ; your own personal usage pattern will determine which is more valuable for you . if you generally stays in a single program and is sensitive to input-to-output latency then having faster cpu will be more valuable for you ; if you constantly task switch between many different apps or if you need to run complex memory-hungry apps to open complex large files , then having extra ram is going to be more valuable to you .
it is not your device problem , it is airtel 's problem . airtel . in website was on off because of server down . and the problem you are facing is very common , as i am also suffering from that and here some more . i would suggest you to disable your data connection whenever your network circle is changing . like while you are travelling . but the solution of this problem is nowhere and can be solved by airtel only . fyi : i have a vodafone sim too and it is working perfectly .
use wifi tether app to create wi-fi hotspot . it features access control using which you can allow/ deny clients to use mobile data .
gps uses radio frequencies between 1 and 2 ghz ( l1 signal at 1.57542 ghz and l2 signal at 1.2276 ghz ) . these have to get through for gps to work , which is not the same as visibility . for example , my gps ( garmin etrex legend hcx ) gets a fix on the top floor of the house , below the roof made of tiles , insulation and drywall . it does not get a fix on lower floors , where there is too much concrete and steel in between . btw , i had a motorola defy for a while , if i remember correctly it also worked , but had a much lower precision , sometimes it was hundreds of meters off .
yes , as with many of the galaxy devices it appears that the unlock code is actually stored on the device and easily accessible ( as long as you have root access ) . this xda post should guide you through it . note of course that it might not work and you could brick your device by rooting , in addition to voiding the warranty . in my experience the galaxy devices are hard to brick and unlikely to be problematic .
just kill the apn connection settings . somewhere under settings . and there is actually a switch for mobile internet . disable that as well . worked like a charm for me . if you can not find it , add the power savings widget to your home screen , it has that option
resistive touch and capacitive touch will operate the apps the same way , the same way a laser and a mechanical mouse are two different technologies designed to do the same thing for the user . both have their advantages and disadvantages , for instance try using your capacitive iphone screen with gloves or finger nails , it wont work . a capacitive screens are known to be more accurate in general , although some nokia n900 users would argue that point . if you are buying a cheap tablet , i would not expect a resistive screen to be as accurate or responsive as a capacitive screen used on most mainstream models out there . you should be able to pan zoom even if the screen only supported "2 points " multitouch i would not stress about that . all pdf viewers will be compatible its a matter of trying a few out for yourself one by one , probably start with the official adobe pdf reader and go from there , everyone will have different tastes in what they want from a pdf viewer app . keep reading if you are still interested , http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/touchscreen#technologies
its difficult to find the problem without the device . but you can activate the debug mode ( preferences-> applications-> development-> usb-debuging ) then you can start eclipse . open the ddms perspektive and there logcat . perhaps you find there the buggyapp .
okay guys , so after nearly a whole day spent searching for ways to make this work i have finally , finally made it . so here 's what made it work for me . i did everything mentioned in my original post , then i gave up with my google id and made a new us based google account . removed the old google id from my device , did another hard reset and then logged in with my new id . the us play store worked fine for a while with tunnelbear for vpn , but then it went back to my local play store , and then started to crash repeatedly until it refused to open anymore . i was then fed up and put back my old google id and removed the new one that i had just created , and guess what . tada ! it logged me into the us play store without any trouble . no need for vpn or any other fix . it is been working fine since , and fingers crossed it will forever . so , what you have to do is log out of your current google id , log in from another ( new ) one , and then remove the new id and log back in from your old google id . make sure that before logging in with the new id , update all your google wallet and google account details with us address , payment and phone number on your old id . hope this was clear . cheers .
i just did this ! /data/property/persist.sys.dalvik.vm.lib is a textfile containing one of two values : ' libart . so ' or ' libdvm . so ' . you can change from art to dalvik simply by editing this file . ex : adb shell ' echo libdvm . so > /data/property/persist . sys . dalvik . vm . lib '
settings > language and keyboard > samsung keypad > auto-capitalization .
unfortunately i do not think there is any way for a user of an app to do that , i am pretty sure it would require the developer to add that extra " intent " as an option to their app before it could appear in that app chooser box . there are apps that specialize in this behaviour though , and should appear as options in the app chooser box for web links : inbrowser is " a fully featured incognito/private browsing experience " , which should appear in that list of browsers and work as an incognito browser . incognito browser " automatically operates in incognito or private browsing mode "
there is a rather large number of speaking clock apps in the android marketplace . specifically , the " speaking clock " app seems to do what you are after , and it is free .
absolutely . if you have synced your android device with your google account , your contacts would automatically show up on google / gmail contacts . if all your contacts are saved as " phone contacts " and not " google contacts " , however , they will not be synced . you need to export the phone contacts and then import them into google contacts . it might be helpful if you adjusted your settings from within the contacts app to automatically save new contacts as google contacts instead of phone contacts .
press the Volume Down and Power buttons at the same time and hold them for a second or so ( this is the vanilla behavior , at least ; source ) . by default on my device it will save to /sdcard/Pictures/Screenshots ( or whatever your equivalent " external storage " path is , i assume ) .
from the reviews on that app , it sounds like they are doing part of it in their app , and part of it by sending you to the website . this may well be two separate authentications . the official google docs app is now part of google drive , have you tried that to see if it works more how you had want ? it does not ask me for any authentication when i use it .
rest assured , that is not a virus , its a warning dialog to make you aware that you may have the app install from outside of google play blocked . it is normal ! : ) to proceed to check and confirm it is indeed unblocked . . . go into settings > security > device administration , tap on " unknown sources " , a dialog box appears , tap ok as that is a standard disclaimer , which is normal de-facto thing . for gb , menu > settings > applications , check " unknown sources " and again , similar dialog appears as a disclaimer . tap ok to continue and back out of it .
there was ( and still is ) such a tab . it is called file explorer , and by default it shows up in the same part of the screen as the threads and heap views . if you have hidden it in the past , you can show it again from the window menu → show view , or by pressing ctrl + 3 . ( thanks to edgard leal for suggesting the keyboard shortcut . )
probably the easiest way is to use x-parts ( formerly known as cwm installer ) .
yes you need to unlock the bootloader to flash the factory image . yes it will void your warranty but you can lock your bootloader again and reset the tamper flag to get the warranty back no unlocking bootloader is not rooting . here is the useful link . unlocking bootloader flashing factory image
is there a way i can copy media files to my phone over a network , without them automatically getting added to the gallery ? i do not think it is possible . after some googling i found this info : 1 ) hide album art from gallery and the provided solution : i have all of my photos named folder . jpg/jpeg ( i forget which extension ) and they do not show up in the gallery . 2 ) [ howto ] make gallery remove album covers so i did this : add . nomedia in my music directory , eg . " music " ( only on top directory ) . rename " music " directory to " musicc " run gallery , exit . rename " musicc " back to " music " run gallery and thebthumbnails no longer appear . also works with other directories that has thumbnails in gallery and adding . nomedia later . in my case the thumbs are still displayed . also take a look at this post : how to exclude unwanted images from phone gallery on android gallery excluder is a dedicated android application which removes the folders that you want to exclude its showing in the default android stock version . this application is quite simple and does the job what it says with the application name . so if you have folders which you don’t wants to show it on your gallery then install this application , select the folder which you want to show and done .
swiftkey stores personalized predictions in the sd card but probabily in a hidden file . in order to change your predictions i think you should reset your typing data under advanced in the app . afterwards , you have to re-teach your expressions ( 3-4 times the same words ) . hope this helps
it was removed because it is total placebo these days . i wrote it for dealing with the silly things that happen when we used to put apps on sd before android supported it . since then , it is been something of a sugar pill that magically fixes all problems without actually doing anything . ( taken from the commit history , posted by steve kondik )
evidently , the google voice app does not support conference codes or other extensions . ( at least not yet . ) to call an extended number through the google voice service , dial as though the gv app were not installed , or as if you were calling from something other than a smartphone : dial your own google voice phone number . if voicemail access is not enabled for the number you are calling from , press * to access the gv menu . enter your pin , if required . press 2 ( to tell the gv service you wish to place a call ) . enter the conference phone number , and press # . gv will connect you . proceed as normal for calling the desired number ( i.e. . , enter the extension , the conference-room number , the passcode , etc . ) . so , the contact is programmed with a number like this : 612-555-4321,[PIN,]2,800-555-1234#,,1234567890# . ( as i understand it , this is a limited application of the process flex dialer uses . ) if you have the gv app installed , then use another app like voice plus or voice choice to exclude this contact from gv . ( this is a consolation to what was originally asked for , which requested fewer exceptions to the phone 's gv dialing rules . should not be a big problem , though . ) if you have your gv number associated with a contact for yourself or your voice mail , then that is the contact that will appear in your phone 's call history . however , the " real " contact will show in your google voice call history .
if i got your question correctly then yes yout art environment should not be changed . the script will run at flashing time will wipe dalvik cache and cache itself and will not touch your personal settings . so you are safe to flash the nightly as a dirty flash . however i have not flashed any latest aosp kk based rom but it should follow the same procedures as all custom rom does . i flashed many time dirty flash on my current device which is running on stock based custom rom and have no problem at all . i will suggest you to make a nandroid and make a dirty flash afterwards so if anything goes wrong you can restore your backup and start from scratch .
this link helped me to flash a rom image . as an additional benefit , this rom seems to be faster than micromax 's original rom and also claims to support a list of 3g dongles . the previous ( i.e. . original ) rom i had did not support reliance and bsnl 's 3g dongles . as in a settings menu the following dongles are supported ( i have not got any 3g dongle to test ) : wcdma : huawei ( e230 , e176g , e160e , 182g , e1782 , e1750 umg1691 ) , zte ( mf633bp-1 , mf633 , mf637u ) cdma2000/evdo : huawei ( e150 , ec1261 , ec122 , ec156 , ec1270 ) , zte ( ac580 , ac2736 , ac2746 ) after re flashing , i installed clockworkmod recovery as per this link as well .
many questions in one , but all connected -- so i will give it a try : you can device those apps in two categories , basically : those which work " similar " to the native app2sd , and those which do not . there are several rules an app must obey to be " allowed " for installation on sd card . apps installed on sd card can e.g. not automatically start at boot time ( as the boot_completed event is broadcast before the card is mounted ) . they also may not offer widgets , services , alarms , and some other things -- as those functionalities would break when the sd card gets " removed " ( e . g . when mounted to the pc ) . all these rules are obeyed by the native method . those " advanced app2sd " helpers which " move more apps " mostly ignore some of these rules . the app will work nevertheless , but maybe some of its features are broken . and then there is at least one app working completely different : link2sd . this app simply creates " symbolic links " to the sdcard ( after copying the app/data over there ) , and thus fool the system which still thinks they are on internal storage . by using a separate partition on the card ( which will be " invisible " when connected to the pc , and thus not mounted ) it works around some of the caveats -- a trick some of the above mentioned " advanced app2sd apps " also play . this variant obviously requires root , as it handles apps and their data itself -- which is not possible for a non-root app . same applies to some of the above tools when they offer to move app data / dalvik cache to the card , which is also not possible without root .
the best solution for you would be to use smart connect liveware™ mgr . as you can see , you can set actions to start when you plug a device ( headset , hdmi , charger , etc . ) and actions to start when you unplug the device . i have a setting to start playing music when i connect my headphones and stop playing when i remove it . there are many things you can do with this . the best part is that you can manage your music with your own music app ! simply create an event for actions to be done upon the connection pf a headphone and forget this app ! this was originally developed for sony xperia handsets . but should work with any , which has a good hardware configuration ( src ) and an os higher that ics ( which you already have ) .
the maximum size allowable for an android app on the android market is 50mb . [ 1 ] the maximum size allowable for an iphone app on the app store is approximately 2gb . [ 2 ] to answer your question , when you download the android version of this game , you are downloading an application that will download all of the data files either to your phones internal memory or sd card . due to the nature of the game , this is likely to account for the majority of the size difference unless different compression methods are used for resources such as the sound , textures and 3d models . the iphone 's app store has a much bigger file size limit which in this case means that all of the resources can be bundled into the initial download . the phone will not have to fetch any additional resources . [ 1 ] http://support.google.com/androidmarket/developer/bin/answer.py?hl=enanswer=113469 [ 2 ] stackexchange-url
this turned out to be a hardware issue . i had two relatively pleasant conversations with tech support at google play and asus . since it was a new purchase i just returned it .
i think i have found the problem . the user has over 19 thousand emails in his inbox . i will check this as the answer once i have confirmed it ( he needs to clean up the emails first ) .
archos deals with a special usb host cable for usb otg . perhaps you need it .
i now use camera ics which has all the features i need .
there is a special permission for Google Billing ( technical name : com.android.vending.BILLING ) , which is required if the app wants to use google 's billing system . so if this permission is requested by an app , it most likely uses some in-app-payment ( why else should it request this permission ) . however : the absence of this permission does not necessarily mean there is no in-app-payment used with an app , as there are other means of accomplishing the like ( e . g . premium sms , or calls to some premium numbers ) . but if an app requests neither to send sms , make calls , access the internet , nor google billing , i know of no way it could accomplish in-app-billing without the user really actively doing something , like buying a gift-card and entering the code .
that feature does not exist , the only thing i could suggest is to submit a feature request on the android issues tracker .
this is the firmware for your device 's original software ( v . 1.0.1 ) . simply download and save to the micro sd card and use it to flash your nook . voila ! job well done . the xda page chahk posted is an excellent resource and reassuring , stating that it keep in mind that the nook is really hard to brick . by that , i mean almost impossible . so there you go ! good luck !
i have a htc desire , but i am assuming the menus/behaviour should be similar : settings -> language and keyboard -> touch input -> international keyboard select the languages you want to use . that should restrict the keyboard list to the ones you have specified .
i suspect that the ' battery saving software ' might have caused the issues . did you experience these issues before installing the app ? there is a couple of ways which might help restore original settings : a factory reset might set it right . alternatively if you have a backup of your original firmware you might want to try reflashing your phone after backing up all data . ps : the name of the app you were using might help out .
afaik , the 4.0.4 is currently only available for the cdma/lte , but someone over at modaco has a modified version of the 4.0.4 working for gsm . it looks like everything is working on the gsm version with this modified release . i have also read that 4.0.5 will be released next month , so you may want to just wait .
there are some apps that will do this for you : ringguard : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.x475aws.android.ringguardhl=en volume locker : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.hourdb.volumelockerfeature=related_apps
you can get an almost stock jellybean experience using supernexus - i9100 . it is based off aosp and only has " improvements and optimizations " , but states it is still very near to stock . another option , while differentiating itself from aosp , is cyanogenmod . this is based on aosp , but includes a lot of extra features and improvements of aosp , while keeping the bloat to a minimum . as for instructions on getting it ready for a custom rom , the instructions on the cyanogenmod wiki tend to be fairly accurate and may give you the needed information to get you started . install cm for i9100 if you do not want cyanogenmod on your phone , replace step #2 in the last section with whatever rom you want to try ( like the one above ) . make sure you get the right gapps ( basic google apps including the play store ) unless your rom includes it ( most do not ) .
i appear to now have some kind of download mode , though it is not the samsung one - i just flashed a new rom . going to close this either way , as i do not think there is a simple solution other than sending it back .
it sounds like you just dragged the tray shortcut off the action bar accidentally . try doing the following : long press on an empty space on any home screen select " launcher actions " from the menu that appears select " open/close app drawer " drag the new shortcut back onto middle button of the action bar
the menu you get when you press the shutdown key should give you a list of options including shutdown , restart etc . if it does not , your phone 's manufacturer might have left it out of the rom .
htc sense widgets do indeed only work with the sense homescreen . there are knock-offs , but these are usually pulled off the market by htc very quickly . beautiful widgets comes quite close though .
i will try to answer my own question here . the short answer is : get a rom that just works ! ( no , not a room , a rom ! get a rom ! ) here is the same screenshot image of the SD &amp; phone storage menu , this time with a rom called supernova . you can find an installation guide here . as you can see from the image i now have 1.86 gb of internal storage space . no additional apps have been installed yet , except for some apps that came with the rom , and the stock htc apps that came with the phone . how-to you will need root and s-off before you continue . it is also possible to install this rom with s-on , but it will require some additional steps , for more details see the developers website . you will also need a custom recovery like clock work mod ( cwm ) or 4ext recovery . the latter is recommended . you will also need to flash stock hboot , if you do not have that already . you will find the stock hboot on alpharev website . go to the download page of developers website . download " supernova 2.4.0.1 extreme rom " . you will see at least three mirror download links . here 's one direct link to dev-host . power off the phone . enter hboot on the phone . enter recovery ( i used 4ext touch recovery ) . format and partition the sd card with one ext4 partition and one fat32 . power off the phone and take out the sd card . mount your sd card to the computer . copy the supernova_2.4.0.1_signed . zip file to the sd card . put the sd card in the phone . enter recovery and choose " update from zip " . select the file above . this will now flash the new rom . reboot the phone . first boot will take longer time than usual . when you get to the setup wizard , skip setting up a google account . reboot the phone . you will see a blue led go and off . this means data2sd is loaded and working . now you can setup your google account and wi-fi , and what not . remember , complete installation instructions can be found here . that web page can be overwhelming , especially for newbies , which is why i tried to put it in a more condensed form here . if you run into the " download was unsuccessful please try again " message when downloading apps , this means that the app you are trying to download is too big and the android market cache is too small . this problem is covered in the faq at developers website , it is question 28 . the suggested workaround involves using scriptmanager app and a script , and this must be done every time you reboot . but i have found that installing the latest version of play store ( replacement for android market ) manually solves the problem permanently . here 's a short how-to on that too . download the apk file for play store . connect the phone to the computer . if prompted , choose to mount as disk drive . copy the apk file to the sd card . disconnect the phone . go to menu , settings , applications , and enable unknown sources . start a file manager app ( i used es file explorer , but astro is good too ) . browse to the file ( /mnt/sdcard/ ) and tap it to open . you will be prompted if you want to replace a system app . tap ok to continue .
it contains:- resource files for chrome itself . these are really part of the app , but they are downloaded by chrome itself so the apk does not need to contain all the resources for all locales , and to make them easier to update . local storage for websites that use the html5 local storage feature . for some sites ( e . g . twitter ) this can get quite large . all your preferences , just like any other app . this amounts to a few kb .
it is fully possible to do that if the charge-from device has usb on-the-go ( otg ) support . you just need a usb otg host cable ( like this one ) , which you connect to the charge-from device , then plug a normal micro-usb cable into that , then into the device to be charged . the only obstacle you may run into is current limitations . a usb otg port almost certainly will not provide as much current as an all-up usb port , much less a charger . best case , this will mean that the charging device will charge slower . middle case , you will not get enough current to charge the device while it is powered on . worst case , the charge-from device will simply say " you are drawing too much current . you are cut off . "
it is a problem with your router . after android successfully connects to a wi-fi network , it tests to see if it can use this network to access the internet . this is because it is commonplace for wi-fi networks to redirect all requests to some kind of login page , until you have logged in . the " sign-in to wi-fi network " notification is nothing to do with authenticating to the network itself : it appears when android detects that the network is redirecting requests . given that you have said any page brings up this 404 error page from your router , that fits perfectly with the fact you are getting the notification . the fact that the router will not give you pages from the internet is the root problem : it is nothing to do with wpa or anything like that . does the 404 page tell you anything helpful ? perhaps the router is set up with a list of devices ( by mac address ) , and the new device is not on the list so the router will not give it internet access .
this is as close to an answer as i can find at the moment . looking at the site for the ( soon to be launched ) google play for education site , one of the benefits that they mention is : for educators android tablets in the classroom google play for education brings the innovation of android technology into classrooms . educators can set up and deploy large numbers of devices in just minutes or hours rather than days . . . . over-the-air delivery to student devices after finding apps they want to use , educators can push them instantly to student devices over the air . they can send the apps to individuals or groups of any size , across classrooms , schools , or even districts . ( my emphasis , from http://developer.android.com/distribute/googleplay/edu/about.html ) which sounds promising , but if you go to the sign up/school interest page it has this interesting bit of wording on the form : which suggests that there is a limit somewhere around the 30 device number . which would match up with what you are seeing . as i can not find anything else official mentioning this limit , i can not find any official advice for getting round the limit either , sorry .
offline data saving is supported on android , you can see this if you go into your browser , select settings , advanced settings , website settings and you can see which websites are using your offline cache , as well as which are using other advanced access like gps . to create an icon for a website on your home screen : once you have created a bookmark in your browser for the page , you can go to your home screen , long-press on a bit of spare space , select shortcuts , bookmark and pick that one . that should give you an icon straight to that page .
that recommendation from the seller was true for old batteries , and it seems they still keep saying that to customers ! nowadays , batteries are often Lithium-Ion or Lithium-Polymer and such batteries ( as i have read many times and based on my own experience ) would be stronger if you charge them often . the first time charging and " wait-until-full-discharge-before-recharge " and " do not-use-when-charging " are not applicable to these modern batteries . li-ion and li-polymer batteries , if charged often , after about 1 month , would reach to their maximum performance , and you are recommended to charge them every time you find an outlet ! in stock help application of my sony android device , in a section about battery life , it reads : charge your phone often , this will not affect the lifespan of the battery .
if you are just talking about files , i would take a look into ftpsyncx or foldersync . i can only talk for ftpsyncx , as i am using it myself -- but most of the following should be valid for both apps : you can setup directory pairs ( one on your device matching another on your pc ) , and have them sync bidirectionally or unidirectionally . you can configure the sync interval : globally , per server , or even per directory-pair . you can even tell it to only sync when you are in your home wifi , or only when you request it ( via widgets , from within the app , or even event-based controlled by tasker . if this answer did not catch your intention , feel free to comment , ask , or update your question : )
no , the android emulator does not emulate specific socs such as tegra 2 , and it does not support nvidia 's instruction set extensions .
a good resource on questions like this is the tasker userguide ( link goes to the " actions " page here ) . quoting : menu show a selection dialog and perform a different action depending on which item the user selects . sounds like exactly matching your purpose , though i have not tried it . you can even specify a default action , which then would be executed on timeout as well ( i.e. . when you did not notice the menu " in time" ) . the menu element belongs to tasker scenes . please refer to the userguide index and check the " scene " section for closer information , if needed . you should be able to combine ( or wrap ) this with an if statement in case you only want to be asked on a given condition like " display on " .
try pvstar+ . not the easiest ui , but it'll let you play ( really just listen to ) youtube videos and a number of other sources , too , in the background .
you have two choices here : edit the stock kernel ( or the kernel you are using ) to enable init . d support or edit the init . rc use a custom kernel with init . d support already enabled . i would suggest the second option as is far more easier to achieve . once flashed a kernel with init . d support , you can add all the scripts you want to the folder that will be executed at boot time . the folder is located in /etc/init.d and all scripts inside that folder will be executed in order . for example , if you have : /etc/init . d/10-startup-daemon /etc/init . d/50-mount-extra-partition they will be executed in the same order i have typed them . you can change the order by changing the number at the begining of the file .
install sip user agents on both phones and pc . you can use sipdroid or csipsimple for android and a softphone program like x-lite on the pc . note that you need to set up local accounts when configuring the software . you can then call other parties on the local network directly by their ip:port . if you do not want that , you need to install a full blown voip proxy like asterisk .
file expert app can do this using both http and ftp .
thanks you all for your answers , i have no idea what happen but yesterday i updated like 15 apps and now the icon is gone . i dont know which app made that happens but the good news is that its gone : ) just fyi it did not act like a regular app icon , it did not gave the option to see " app info " or " remove " it was staying in all the screens no just in one . and when it was press it opened a search that when was press to search was searching on google . any way , thank you very much greetings iair
bookmark the page in chrome for android . go to your bookmarks , long-press on the bookmark , and click " add to home screen " . source : http://howto.cnet.com/8301-11310_39-57416489-285/how-to-add-chrome-for-android-bookmarks-to-your-home-screen/ works on my galaxy s4 and nexus 7 .
you can view android 's supported media formats here : http://developer.android.com/guide/appendix/media-formats.html i would recommend h . 264 video and aacv2 audio , for the best quality . the dimensions depend on the dimensions of your phone -- in your case , 320x240 . it is not the most powerful phone so you may want to experiment with the quality to get it playable but also looking good .
it is exactly the same keyboard as the android keyboard from jelly bean ( 4.2 ) as i read . see i.e. this article . rereading exactly points out that this app should expose the keyboard which was only installed on nexus phones with android 4.2 to prior android version ( 4.0+ ) on other smartphones and tablets including features like " swiping " and gestures . there is another article on androidcentral
the rootfs ( / ) as well as /system have to be mounted with rw permissions . so , to check for that execute # mount |grep -i rootfs and # mount |grep -i '/system' if you do not see rw for the permissions , do # mount -o remount,rw / and/or # mount -o remount,rw /system
i finally hit upon apn settings which did the trick for me . apn name : straight_talk apn : tfdata port : 80 username : not set password : not set server : not set mmsc : http://mms-tf.net mms proxy : 66.209.11.33 mms port : 80 mcc : 310 mnc : 410 auth type : none apn type : default , supl , mms , hipri , agps , fota , dun , entitle
pure calendar widget ( not free ) has an option for how many days ahead to show calendar/task entries for . there is an option for 2 days that would suit your needs perfectly . note that you will need a supported app to sync the tasks from google ( gtasks , astrid , etc . ) see the list of supported task apps here .
so i found a solution that works for indian vodafone 3g users at least . simply create a new access point with the same settings as the one provided ( called vodafone connect ) , set it as default , and reboot . i have not seen the popup appear again after that .
in one of my attempts to i was trying to upgrade the hboot from 0.80.0007 to 1.01 and luckily flashing the device with ruu_buzz_froyo_htc_wwe_2.22.405.1_radio_13.55.55.24h_3.35.20.10_release_160191_signed . exe it also brought my wildfire to the stock rom .
try nova launcher from the play store . you can import your old home screen pretty easily and it allows you to " infinite scroll " . press Menu on the home screen > press Nova Settings > press Desktop > check Infinite Scroll
profiles are just a way to change a bunch of settings at once . by long-pressing the power button and tapping ring/vibrate/silent ( below airplane mode ) you change a single setting however : the ringing behaviour . the profiles work slightly different to what you expect . you most probably forgot to enable some switches of the standard profile , most of them are on/off settings for which a profile has 3 actions : activate deactivate modify / do-not-modify this is for example very handy for a car mode that you activate to just switch off a security lock screen ( + enable gps and leave all else as is ) . the standard profile has a lot of those unset do-not-modify checkboxes ( the checkboxes to the right ) , so unless you check them the profile does not actually change those settings . tick the checkbox and try again !
currently xperia phones with newer erom , bootloaders can not be unlocked via the above mentioned test point method . got the information from http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=30675295postcount=108
you can install the terminal emulator from google . alternatively there is the better terminal emulator pro . i tried the terminal emulator on a non-rooted phone and it seemed to work fine . better terminal emulator pro includes the dropbear ssh client , which can be launched from the command line or via a launcher . more info from the authors .
cyanogenmod developers coined the term " kang " originally . it goes back to the beginnings of android development . it used to mean having one 's development work taken , manipulated , rebranded , and re-released by someone else with no credit to the original developer . later this term morphed into having a less malicious meaning , and stands for the process of creating a code based of someone else 's code or reapplying code that someone else created into your own code . a " kang " therefore is a derivative work , based on the original with some modifications . it usually means an unauthorized version of a custom rom .
these files are for the transformers : dark of the moon film which was included promotionally with your nexus 7 . the movie was not , at least in my case , pre-installed on your device , as it takes a considerable amount of your available storage space ( especially if you have an 8gb unit ! ) . i am guessing you must at some point have unknowingly hit the small ' button ' on the video telling it to download the film for offline use . the first thing that came to my mind was , that this may be a webm video file ( matroska container + vp8 video stream + vorbis audio stream ) . it would have made sense . but feeding the file to mediainfo looks like this : an avc video stream and aac audio stream , is what one would expect from a regular mp4 , but mpeg-ps format ( ps = program stream ) is unusual . this is how a regular mp4 looks in mediainfo : the file [ from the nexus 7 ] even plays for a few seconds in vlc and in mplayer , but then i get error messages . so either the format is not yet supported or it is sort of encrypted .
no . both versions of the nexus 7 use ips lcd displays , which are not vulnerable to burn-in or other detrimental effects from displaying a fixed graphic . burn-in in currently used display technologies is a problem limited to organic light emitting diode ( oled ) displays , such as those used on the samsung galaxy s3 and s4 . the electroluminescent compounds used to make these displays degrade as they are used ( resulting in reduced brightness over time ) , thus displaying a fixed graphic will result in some parts of the screen wearing at a different rate than other parts . compounding this issue is that different colours of oled degrade at different rates ( blue degrades fastest , followed by green , then red ) . here 's an example of what this looks like . the burned-in sections will be permanently darker than the rest of the screen .
when your rom is booted up for the first time , android 's dalvik goes through every apk and extracts the dex file from it . it places the dex files in the cache folder - located at /data/dalvik-cache . this is the directory that gets cleared when you clear the dalvik cache in your recovery tool
the actual update should take at very most half an hour , the download time may vary though . other than a backup , i do not see what else you had need to do . if you have trouble , come back and post a separate question with details . the update usually either fails entirely ( in which case you can try again ) or works fine , you should not end up in some half-updated broken state .
the solution was to wipe and reflash the rom . i guess the earlier rom i had was just messed up as far as usb is concerned .
skype today released skype 1.0.2 , and mayor change is support for samsung galaxy s . maybe this will affect your phone too . update and see
i am such an idiot . a picture is worth a thousand words : when i bought my device , about a year ago , i turned on the feature " sim change alert - send sms when sim card is changed " . i completely forgot about it later , and it only came back to me today . of course the recipients i defined were my own number and my wife 's . the lead i followed was @roxan 's comment , which raised the suspicion about the mobile tracker app . a google search led me to this forum post that describes this security feature , and when i read it i recalled that i turned it on . despite this incident , i actually still think this is an excellent feature that can really help in case my device will be stolen , but i just have to remember to turn it off before i change the sim card myself . . .
if you have spare parts installed there is detailed information in there about the state of the battery . also , you can find out what is the application that is sucking up most of the battery via settings > about phone > battery use .
yes you can ! check up this answer about talkatone here , it is based on google voice . the sound -quality is not the best but i like the idea that i actually need just a wifi to make cheap international calls . i have actually replaced my landline/mobile/local -phones vith google-voice because it is much more convenient to pay to it through credit card and much more convient than carrying a massive amount of prepaid/post-paid -cards when travelling-or-just-living-well-and-free-etc , highly recommended tool indeed ! talkatone in ipad is a killer , a bit like facetime but integrated to facebook and probaly to other services in the future . talkatone in android is similar , good integration so saving time in toning all contacts from google contacts , fb contacts , etc . if you are a buz , you can imagine how much time this will save -- you need less to worry about crazy international -phone charges and you can actually drop out mobile-phone -contracts altogether , just charge employers with google wallet/voice ! talkatone has poor sound -quality because it wants to sell its premium service but if ads and a bit poorer sound quality do not matter , it has worked for me , nicely ( have not tried the premium -service ) . a good/bad side is that your number is some oddity but extremely good side is that you do not need to know the prefix with internatinal calls in using google voice , super convenient ! -sim-card ? -yes you do not need a sim -card to make international calls , just wifi . phone does not require sim -card , dot . victory : )
total = application + data application = size of apk file of the app data = space consumed by /data/data/&lt;Package_Name_of_App&gt; ( it contains data stored by the app ) other stats details : if Force Stop button is active , it means the app is running in background . you can use this button to stop the app from running . Cache section shows how much data the app has stored in /cache partition . if Clear Defaults button is active , it means the app is set as default to complete an action like sending email , open url etc . you can tap this button to clear default ( s ) . on the same page , you can get list and small description about Permissions the app has . if you need explanation of permissions , check this article out .
for non-rooted phones . up until 2.1 it is not possible . regular apps do not have the permission to perform full wipes or factory restores . i believe there are apps that erase your call/sms records and your contacts . starting with 2.2 , it seems google is granting limited root powers to apps that use device administration . it is supposedly a way for enterprises to policy their employee 's phones , and requires an extra confirmation by the owner . but i believe it could be used by anyone writing an app . in fact , the code for wiping seems so simple that i think you could write an open-source app yourself if you have some programming background . ; - ) for rooted phones . there are remote wipe apps , but i do not believe any of them is open source ( that i have heard of ) . remote wipe for root users is possibly the simplest one , and it is in the market , but i have never tried it myself . this app is no longer on the market .
the battery indicator app in the first picture shown appears to be ours so i would thought i would respond . :- ) the ongoing notification shows because all ongoing notifications in android currently must display a notification as shown , and because the app must always be in memory to work correctly . you do not need a custom rom to be sure the battery is not being drained too much . over a year ago i joined with dmytro shkil to publish both battery notifier ( big text ) and battery notifier pro bt because his original program consumed less battery than any other app i had tried . tested with systempanel with the display intentionally kept on , the free and paid versions of our program today still consume less than . 01% cpu over 8 hours . we have left out fancy graphs and other eyecandy to keep our app consuming as little battery as possible . larryvgs http://batterynotifierpro.blogspot.com/
phone usage is a great app that can monitor usage and do all of the following ! ( description on app page ) monitor your phone call , text and network data usage . ★★★★★ " loads of similar apps on the market , but this one beats them hands down . " ★ set limits on daily , weekly and monthly usage . ★ alerts when you break your usage limits . ★ widgets for calls , texts and data . ★ see which apps are using the most data . ★ see who you call the most . ★ see usage per hour , day , week and month .
accept the update , it does not charge you unless you subscribe to the premium package . aside from that , you could decompile the apk and remove the push notification for updates .
use the phone information dial code if it works . in your dialer enter *#*#4636#*#* to get to the phone info screen . on my spica running 2.1 eclair , the last option of usage statistics shows the usage time ( in milliseconds ) and the no . of times an app has been launched . at first glance , it does however seem to be a log restricted from the time the phone was last booted .
if you to settings --> apps --> all , is it in the list of applications ? if so , click on it , click uninstall , and then try to reinstall it from the market . it is also possible that the market is incorrectly showing it as installed . if this is the case , try going to settings --> apps --> all --> market , click force stop , then clear data . the open the market again and see if google voice is still listed as installed , and if not , install it .
most of the time when a unpacked and modified rom gets repacked , it will become unusable/unstable because it failed to get resigned with the proper key . you need to have the zip package resigned from the original firmware key . that is why you are experiencing those hiccups . also if any of the apps depend on libs and/or resouces , you would need to make sure they are in place as well - prior to repacking and resigning for a decent write up take a look at this : http://androiddomain.weebly.com/build-your-own-rom.html . this will show one of the proper ways of repackaging a rom .
i use beyondpod ( the full version ) to watch ted talks all the time . it pulls in a list of the videos from the feed and you can choose to download which ever ones you want and then play them right in beyondpod . there is no data connection required .
try slide lock . it is awesome . just like ios version . ( click image for a larger version )
this simple app creates " false apps " . we can assign a shortcut to a " false app " . if we click on the " false app " , the shortcut will be executed : shortcut launcher in google play app store
summing up from the comments : first you need to understand that updating apps works different on android than it does on a " normal " linux distro : there is no such thing as " apt " . though android has its own package manager ( listening to the pm command ) , installs/updates are usually dealt with by services/apps like google-play-store or other alternative-markets . pm would rather be comparable with dpkg on debian-based systems : it can do local installs ( i.e. . with the .apk file already present on the device itself : pm install would be the command for that ) , and a lot of other things . apart from that : a terminal app can be compared with a terminal on linux allright . you get a text-mode " window " where you can execute commands . most are even similar to those available on linux , as android is linux based : you have things like cd , ls , grep , and more . for details on this , you might wish to take a look at e.g. ten basic android terminal commands you should know ( androidcentral ) using the terminal ( xda ) android terminal commands ( xda ) android shell command reference ( github ) our command-line tag-wiki a look into our terminal tag-wiki will not hurt either : ) i would say all terminal apps available for android should support the above . some even offer additional features , such as an entire development environment ( terminal ide ) , or access to remote servers ( juicessh ) .
i9300 is just a shortened form of gt-i9300 . they both mean the same device . just do not mix it up with the i9305 , which is a different device , specifically the international lte version . wikipedia has a useful chart of the different models and how they differ . minor models ( e . g . i9300/i9300t or i747/i747m ) are inter-compatible for rom purposes .
in order to root an android phone , you have to take into account the manufacturer of the phone and the model , and also you need to take into account the android version installed . the process to root a phone is based on some exploit in the system , and each android version with each model has a different method , which takes advantage of different exploits . there are common exploits across some models , but in general , you need to look for a rooting method for your phone model and the android version it has . i have used this page on some occasions to look for tutorials , but you can also look in xda developers
thanks @eldarerathis the link to the video helped me get rid of it . to get rid of it , i had to double tap the " halo " and move to the x area just as you would when getting rid of apps from the launcher .
this could be achieved with tasker : you can create a " task " performing the HTTP_GET you need , and then create a shortcut to that task on your homescreen ( the same way you had create any other shortcut there : tasker task shows up in the list of available shortcuts , and lets you select the task to create the shortcut for ) .
one should be careful to differentiate between the gmail app , and the default mail client . gmail app the gmail app is the pre-installed app created by google that can only be used with gmail . the answer to whether or not the gmail app is secure requires some understanding of android app security . this passage from the dev guide explains how developers may connect to an sslsocket to securely send tcp/ip communications . since the gmail app uses sslsockets when sending and receiving mail , all communications are secure [ citation needed ] . mail client unlike the gmail app , the default mail client can be used with any email account , including gmail . when using this client to send and receive gmail , an ssl connection must be used . the app is therefore also secure . google explains how to do this in their help pages .
you could try this post on the droidforums .netthat has a custom app to manage brightness . requires root though .
you will not find anything about this in the man page on your desktop , nor the usage information for adb because this is not an adb command . remember that adb shell foo starts a shell on the device and runs the command foo there . it would be like looking in the ssh man page to find out what ssh myserver rm -rf * does . the command you want help with is ime list , and it only exists on the device , not your desktop . running adb shell ime ( with no further arguments ) prints out the usage information for this command . " enabled " in this description does not refer to the " enabled " field in the manifest ( that is , the one printed out under ServiceInfo ) , but rather whether the ime is turned on in the settings . it might be a little confusing to have two different things called " enabled " , but do not forget that adb is a debugging tool for programmers , who are expected to understand such things . end-users should not need to run this command , since the list of imes is accessible through the device settings . from this description , if you get output with ime list -a but not ime list , that tells you that no input methods are currently enabled in the settings .
you need to first install a key logger on the device ( which will need to be rooted for full functionality ) and then you will be able to log all key strokes . there are several apps that offer that . p . s using keyloggers to spy on people is illegal in most countries .
1 - no . there is a microsd slot where you can insert cards upto 32 gb in size to extend the memory . 2 - yes - vpn support is present in 2.1 as well 3 - some are free , some are not . some are ad-supported .
the ui lag is down to a number of things such : too many widgets ( delete them , home launcher has to redraw screen upon closing the app drawer ) home launcher - some redraw better than others ( switch to different launcher ) animation turned up to the highest value ( i.e. turn it off ) , in ics+ , it is as simple as found in settings > developer options : window animation scale transition animation scale animator duration scale ( jellybean ) force gpu rendering ( if that is ticked , it may not have any effect ! ) depending on : the kernel version gpu driver in context of kernel space and the gpu driver itself , for example , adreno* ) cpu ( important ! ! ) are we talking about old armv6 chipset or the newer ones that has either dual-core or quad-core ? what android version ? older android versions below honeycomb , did suffer from some " janky " effects in terms of graphics redraw , more often than not , the chip-set was older and likewise for the kernel as well , which did not have the native adreno graphics driver . what happened in ics upwards , was , android took advantage of the native adreno graphics drivers built into the kernel which was dynamically linked with the user-space adreno driver that comes as standard and was found in kernels 3 . x+ upwards , and also in general , in newer handsets since ics was launched .
provider did block the imei of the phone . now it is unblocked and all works fine ! thanks to matthew read for clue . . . : )
the android system does not natively support any kind of resume after a full shutdown . individual apps can save their state at any time and restore that state when the app is loaded , but the android system cannot store its state or the state of all of the apps for a shutdown . theoretically speaking , the kernel could probably be modified to support some form of hibernation but the stock android system does not .
my first thought is for manual sync . ical import/export can export your events . the second step would be to import those events to google ( in google calendar -> other calendars -> import calendar ) . not tried it myself , but you get the idea .
when using the google market website , go to the bottom of the page and change the language in which you are viewing the market pages . you will then get user reviews based on the currently selected language . note that the system seems to display comments only in the language the users have been using when posting them , so if you are looking at applications that make sense only for a specific country , you will probably see english comments interspersed with others in the native language . nothing precludes you from leaving a comment on a swedish application on the italian page written in urdu , should you choose so .
yes , android keeps one active connection to google 's servers , but it does not use much power or data , because no traffic is sent along it until something sends a gcm message to an app on your phone . there is only one connection on the phone , used by all apps : installing a new app that uses gcm does not add any extra load . the first step in gcm is that a third-party server ( such as an email server ) sends a request to google 's gcm server . this server then sends the message to your device , through that open connection . the android system looks at the message to determine which app it is for , and starts that app . the app must have registered with android to use gcm , and it must have the relevant permission . when the app starts , it might create a notification straight away with the data from the message . gcm messages are very limited in size , so the app might instead open a normal connection to the third-party server to get more information ( for example , downloading the headers of new emails ) . the advantage of using push notifications is that apps do not have to run at regular intervals to check for new data , saving both power and data . the advantage of having a centralized mechanism like gcm is that the device only needs one open network connection and the android gcm system is the only thing that needs to keep running , rather than each app having to stay running in the background to keep its own network connection to its own server .
here is the link , where that kind of browser ( hay web browser ) can be downloaded : http://webdroid.life.am/ here is the facbook group , where hay web browser is being discussed , and the creator can answer to your questions : http://www.facebook.com/home.php?sk=group_191625270874191ap=1
i do not think there is any support for the x10 from cm for the v9 release . for reference : xperia arc => anzu xperia neo => hallon xperia pro => iyokan xperia mini pro => mango xperia ray => urushi xperia mini => smultron xperia arc s => ayame xperia neo v => haida xperia active => satsuma live with walkman => coconut xperia neo l => phoenix edit : cyanogenmod is a rom that targets a lot of handsets . a souped up/bloated version of the stock vanilla aosp android ( the ones found on the nexus series handsets ) the freexperia project was founded by jerpelea who ( unofficially works for sony , gets freebies and contributes to porting cm for that handset etc ) . also , freexperia project is officially merged into the cyanogenmod tree . not all legacy devices are supported using the cm rom , especially for the newer v9 and v10 ( ics and jb respectively . if visiting this get cm you will actually find that cm is not supporting the legacy devices ! have not tried freexperia , but have heard it is not 100% stable , as some things are broken on it ( if anyone wants to correct me , feel free to say so in the comments ) : )
i have seen something similar when an app is installed in someone else 's profile but not my own , so make really sure you do not still have it installed in any other profiles .
a number of 3rd-party " social " apps have this feature . personally i use tweetdeck . when internet connection is not available , it will save my tweet , and throw a notification saying that it will be sent when connectivity is re-established .
try changing usb cable . bad cables can cause this ( at least i had this problem once , which went away simply by using another cable ) .
most pre-installed keyboards are system apps . system apps can not be uninstalled without root access .
i managed to disable it . you need to remove all hangouts updates in google play , then reboot for hangouts to go back to talk , then talk can be disabled in settings -> apps -> all .
from what i can see in the video , the fluctuations are within about 1° in the first app , and 0.5° in the second . that is not exactly " random numbers in a wide range " . accuracy within 1° is acceptable for most intended use cases : mobile games , screen orientation , gestures , etc . it is quite possible that motorola decided to use a cheaper sensor since the phone itself is intended to be a very low-cost device . i would not say that it is defective . possibly subpar , but not defective .
starting in 4.0 ( actually 3.0 , but few devices used that ) , most android devices use the mtp ( media transfer protocol ) class rather than the mass storage class . this was done for various reasons , including the annoyances attendant to having to unmount the sd card from the android device to access it from the pc . samsung has embraced this new way rather fervently and does not allow mass storage at all under normal circumstances ( if you have root , you can force it on some devices . not sure if it works for a tab 2 ) . mtp mostly " just works " on windows since xp and on mac , though getting it working on linux can require a bit of effort if you do not use gnome . the arch linux wiki has a useful article on the ways and means of accessing mtp devices on linux .
( i will address your 2nd edit below . . . ) some cheap camera modules do not include an auto focus feature , i.e. they are fix-focus'ed to infinity . barcode scanners need a near focus though and cannot ( or hardly ) scan the resulting blurry images that result from infinity-focused fix-focus cameras . the only way around this would be to attach a macro lens specifically designed for smartphone cameras ( also works with fix focus ) . search for smartphone macro lens to see some samples . i already tried that once with an older ( also fix-focus ) sony-ericsson xperia x8 and it worked back then .
it does this in order to break up large . tar files into chunks of 1000000000 bytes : even if the resulting file is under the 1000000000-byte split limit , the .a file will still be generated : -rwxrwx--- root sdcard_r 0 2014-03-19 14:29 system.ext4.tar -rwxrwx--- root sdcard_r 484504064 2014-03-19 14:30 system.ext4.tar.a  you can combine these split files back together using the following syntax : on windows : copy /b finelame* filename e.g. copy /b data.ext4.tar* data.ext4.tar on linux : cat filename* &gt; filename e.g. cat data.ext4.tar* &gt; data.ext4.tar
based on this do you have some switch near volume button ? if yes , try changing it .
according to the wikipedia article , all the htc one xl devices fall under the evita model . evita is just the code name for the device . just about every device is initially manufactured with a " codename " . this is more just like an internal name for the device . this could be because they have not decided on a " public brand " for the device yet , or just because they want to call it something else internally . sometimes the codename resides in the model name in the settings -> about phone . but if you have adb access to your device , you can do something like : &gt; adb shell $ getprop  this will dump out all the properties that are configured during the boot process . one of them , probably something like ro.product.device will contain the value evita .
i guess you could do this using the " conference call " trick on android ( natively ! ) . the screenshots below are for vanilla froyo ( android 2.2 ) and may vary with your version/dialer app . during your call ( do not hang up the call ) , after talking to that person , press the " menu " button on your android . press " add call " from the menu . dial and call the number you wish to " redirect " for him . ( on your charge ! ( which is what you asked for right ? ) means you will lose money for this call as if you are calling it ) now press menu button again when call connects . press on " merge call " . finally , press the menu button again and click on " mute " to make them think you have terminated your call . ( you mute yourself but you can hear the conversation between him and the " redirected " call ) remember , while doing these , you will be charged for 2 calls simultaneously !
it depends on the pages . if the pages are media-heavy ( lots of large images or other media ) then yes , the pages load faster since google scales and recodes the images on the servers before sending them to your device , and optimizes other page content also . however , the device still needs to render the layout of the page , which can be slow on mobile devices . this happens on the device and requires cpu+ram , and is unaffected by the bandwodth optimization . also , since some content is compressed when sent from google 's optimization servers , it needs to be decompressed on the device , which uses cpu . all in all , reducing data helps move the bottleneck from the bandwidth to the device itself , and the benefit of the setting depends on the content of the pages and the performance of your device .
i found the solution . i can give a static ip to my beaglebone via shell scripts ( or adb ) : ifconfig eth0 up 169.254.13.13
before doing so , i would consider two more things : finding the real cause high wifi usage is not caused by wifi itself ( standby ) , but most likely by another app constantly requesting it to " stay awake " . so first check how to deal with ( orphaned ) wakelocks ? -- which also deals with this . checking your wifi standby policy in settings&rarr ; wireless and networks&rarr ; wifi , when pressing the menu button , an item named " advanced " appears . tap that to go into the advanced settings and check the wifi standby policy . there are 3 options available : always : wifi stays awake even when the display is turned off . useful if you are streaming music . only when connected : only when a power source is connected ( i.e. . the device is charging ) -- as in that case the " battery consumption " usually is not an issue . never : wifi goes to standby as soon as the display is turned off . wifi managing tools if this requirement still is present after thoroughly checking above two points , there are multiple options available in this section -- enough to fill at least a small book . first , there are tools like e.g. juicedefender or greenpower , dealing not only with wifi and mobile networks , but covering a lot more energy saving stuff . other interesting tools might include wifibatt and many others -- just check the related apps on their playstore pages , or use mapsaurus to find similar apps .
the galaxy tab 10.1 can make 2g/3g calls and calls over wifi with voip apps like skype or tango . the nexus 7 can only make calls over wifi with voip apps as i already mentioned . there would be no easy way of getting the nexus 7 to make 2g/3g calls as it would require adding a radio to the tablet .
if you cannot access the main ui , but the system powers up , boot in to recovery . try and find out what your recovery keys are ( e . g . it is usually vol+ , vol- and power on samsung phones ) online or by reading your device 's manual , then holding them as your device boots . once in recovery , use the volume keys to select an option and power to use that tool , unless your device has a d-pad or older android style buttons ( menu , home etcetera ) . also : you can use adb to force the device to reboot to recovery mode if it is enabled , like this , in a terminal or command prompt , with the device connected to a usb port on the computer : $ path/to/adb reboot recovery on linux/mac os x ; and C:\&gt; path\to\adb.exe reboot recovery on windows replace path/to/adb or path\to\adb.exe with the location of adb found in the android sdk platform-tools folder ( the sdk can be downloaded from http://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html - choose sdk for an existing ide )
the problem solved . it would meant to be " home " + " back " + " power " .
the adb likely will not be of much help . the apps need to have debugging enabled to be able to see their thread and relative performance i believe . i assume you have looked at the battery usage menu in your phone . what is it telling you ? you could the hidden debug menu in your hd . it may provide more info . open your phone dialer and dial *#*#4636#*#* . give that a try .
on google maps , create your trip including all waypoints . save that map to " my maps " within google maps . on the android device , go to maps , layers , more layers and then choose " my maps " select the map you want , it will come into maps on your android device with each waypoint available . you can choose each waypoint individually and you will get the blue arrow over it which will kick off google navigation . not the best solution ( e . g . google having programmed it as a feature ) , but at least one can completely plan a trip with google maps and then port the entire thing over to the android device and navigate with it .
yes , for non-free apps there is a minimum price for each supported currency . as i noticed this morning when adjusting the price of one of my apps , these minimum prices are not exactly equivalent across currencies ( and even if they were , they would drift over time due to exchange rate fluctuations ) . for example , i set the new price of my app at $0.99 for the us and the roughly equivalent price of £0.59 for the uk . however , i could not set such low prices for scandinavian countries or japan because the minimums were higher ( the japanese minimum is 99 yen , which is roughly £0.71 / us$1.16 at today 's rates ) . the full list of minimum and maximum prices is here . at current rates it seems that the cheapest possible non-free app would cost €0.50 ( approximately us$0.72 ) .
this is something that has to be enabled in the kernel . some custom kernels do implement this , depending on your device .
i have noticed that i sometimes get a notification that an update is available , but when i go in there , i am unable to update . i , at first , thought that it was some type of syncing issue like you describe , but i have realized ( at least in my situation ) that i have the apps set to update automatically . so i get the notification , but the market actually has already updated the application in the background . based on your comments , and if you eventually go in to the market and there is actually an update available for an app that you previously were notified about , then i would say it has to do with how google rolls out the updates . as chahk discussed , the notifications seem to go before the apps , in some cases . google does this with just about everything they roll out . updated in batches .
can you use adb to copy or install the apk file on the samsung tablet ? for example : $ adb push my_app.apk /mnt/sdcard  or $ adb install my_app.apk  i do not have a galaxy tab so i do not know whether /mnt/sdcard is the correct location on that device . edit : oops . forgot to say that when you connect your device via usb select the charge only option - do not mount the sd card !
simplenote is updating all of their apps , and that also means that they have released an official android app . the official app does not require an account to use ; you can take and store notes locally on your device before signing up to the free service for cloud syncing . although third-party apps were previously available , the official option is a welcome one that gives android users an experience in line with the ios app . simplenote 's expansion to android comes just over half a year since wordpress owner automattic bought the service , pledging to improve its mobile apps . simplenote on google play
in app updates ( host files etc ) : basically because you are in an arms race agains the advertising / app developers . the developers want you to see the advertising , as this is one of their sources of income . they are also aware of ad-block , adaway , adfree etc etc and are constantly trying new advertisers , new proxies and new methods of embedding the adverts in your application , website etc . in order to keep the adverts blocked , the application needs to update the host files and lists of blocked sites , proxies etc to keep functioning correctly . there should be a ' check for updates daily ' option , there definitely is in adfree android ( well recommended ) which you could use as an alternative to adblock plus . by default most of these programs seem to check for updates when the device is rebooted from scratch , and have a daily / weekly or such checkin also . you could go to Settings &gt; Applications &gt; AdBlock and disable notifications also . you could , i gues , just dismiss the notifcation when it arrives , and update whenever suits you . leaving it go does mean adverts will start to creep back in over time , however . updates to the app itself : if the actual application ( i.e. . the apk ) itself has very regular updates then either the application needs to update to keep ahead of the advertising , which seems to be to be a bit of a flaw , or it is ( as you said ) in beta stages and needs constant tweaking . alternatively with so many new devices coming online , and kitkat released it may need all this fixing to ensure compatability . the simplest solution for either scenario , to my mind , is to get adfree android or similar and not worry about this at all !
from what i looked up , the karbonn s1 titanium does not support otg . according to http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/snapdragon_(system_on_chip)#snapdragon_s4 the karbonn s1 titanium , is a msm8625q chipset . which does not support otg http://www.qualcomm.com/snapdragon/processors/s4/specs
firmware , in this case , means the os , since it is a preinstalled part of the core system . the method i used does not require root , but it is possible to root at the same time . i did not . this depends . in most cases , unlocking the bootloader voids your warranty if the warranty is read and interpreted letter-to-letter . however , you could install an official firmware and relock the bootloader to try to bypass this . i have upgraded my yakjuxw with this guide 's method #2 . everything went perfectly except for a few little tricks . first of all , if your phone is completely unmodified , you need to unlock your bootloader . this can be done by booting into the bootloader as explained in the post , and running fastboot oem unlock , navigating to " yes , unlock bootloader " with the volume keys and confirming with the power button . note : this will clear your phone , so you will need to copy the necessary files to your phone after this ! after this , reboot once so that the partitions are mounted correctly in cwm later . now follow the guide carefully , and you should be able to upgrade ( almost ) without any problems . my phone got stuck while booting for the first time , so after 15-20mins i rebooted the phone ( yanked the battery ) but had no adverse effects . at least my phone got the official 4.1.1 update today , so check for that after your first boot !
eventually , simply uninstalling and reinstalling normally worked ! turns out data is saved this way or another .
i called up verizon support and they had me simultaneously hold the three keys : volume up power home but after 30 seconds , still no response , so they had me remove the battery for ten seconds and reboot . after reboot , the phone seemed back to normal .
what you are most likely look for is called " factory reset " . as the name suggests , a " factory reset " is supposed to reset the device to its original state , as it was delivered by the factory . what in fact is done by a factory reset is to wipe all user-installed apps and all user data ( for the latter , except data stored on sdcard ) . this can be done either from within the system menu ( look for the entry with the " fence " symbol , it is labeled something with " privacy" ) -- or using the hardware buttons , as described at hard-reset.com: switch off your phone press and hold volume-up and home buttons press the power button for 2-3 seconds release only power button , but keep pressing volume up + home buttons with volume down select wipe data/factory reset ( 3rd ) > press power there is no need to re-install any firmware . the system resides on its own ( read-only ) partition , which is not touched by this process . having followed above steps , your phone should then boot in a clean state . do not worry if the first boot after that takes a bit longer -- that is fully normal . also this does not void your warranty , as these steps would also be recommended by the service hotline if your device went nuts , and they want to eliminate the cause of misconfiguration or misbehaving ( user-installed ) apps . for a reference , you might also want to take a look at the question do a total wipe of my device .
let me guess . . . you turned on gpu rendering in the developer options ? some apps that do not properly support it will do that . try turning that off . also , on an unrelated note : you can take screenshots by holding power and volume down .
in the market settings you can add a pin to protect purchases ; that should lock them out effectively enough . i do not know of anything offhand to prevent all installs , though . i would assume you had need to be rooted for an app to intercept and prevent install attempts . if you are rooted , you could use something like titanium backup to back and uninstall the market , then reinstall it when your kids are done . that might be cumbersome as well though .
thumbnail cache check the .thumbnails directory in sdcard/DCIM (Digital Camera IMages)/ notice that it is a hidden directory and only visible with certain file managers with the option to view hidden files . this directory stores a lot of thumbnail data especially in the form of two large binary files . play music ( if you are using it ) play music caches your songs so Settings &gt; Clear Cache . app data left behind delete some app data cache left behind by uninstalled apps from sdcard/ and sdcard/Andorid/data . even apps such as chrome , maps , youtube leave a lot of cached files in sdcard/Andorid/data . clean those apps cache from sdcard/Andorid/data . storage space install diskusage and check your devices storage by detail . diskusage provides a way to find files and directories on storage card which consume a lot of space . after pinpointing down apps and files that consume a lot of storage with diskusage . simply deleting those files and going into Settings &gt; Apps selecting and cleaning those apps would prove sufficient .
you can user tasker to control the timeout for individual apps .
the s2 supports mhl through usb , so technically , yes . you will not be able to get a full display , just through supported apps .
the answer depends on what you want to do . adb and ssh serve different purposes , though they have some things in common : you can remotely access your android device , and execute commands on it . with adb you can do a lot more -- you will get an idea if you read the adb tag wiki and also follow the links contained there . one more thing in common : both can be used interactively . and one more shorty : they do not depend on each other . ssh to use ssh , you will need to install a ssh server on your android device . if the latter is rooted ( as a linux user , i do not need to explain that " root " is the administrative account , and also known as the " super-user " who has full access to everything ) , you can set it up to use the default ssh port -- otherwise you need to chose one above 1000 , as it is with linux . now you can interact with the device : copy files with scp , or log in to the device directly . this way you reach a shell , and can work on the device like on any other linux machine ( almost -- of course there are some restrictions , like e.g. no x-server being present , and a limited set of commands ) . adb with adb you can also establish such a " terminal mode " , by simply executing the command adb shell without any arguments . this directly brings you to the shell prompt . similar to ssh , you can also directly execute commands by simply pass them as parameters . in this case , as with ssh , you will be returned to your local terminal prompt once the command has been completed . adb offers additional commands , not only " shell " . so you can e.g. use adb push or adb pull to transfer files ( comparable to scp ) . all the other capabilities go beyond the scope of your question -- but above mentioned tag wiki should get you started here as well . one last word on adb : similar to ssh , this is a client-server model . which means , to execute adb commands from a client , you must have a server running . this is started when you enable " usb debugging " in the settings of your android device .
you did not do a factory reset then , but probably a soft reset . to perform a factory reset from the home screen press menu > settings > sd card and phone storage > factory data reset > reset phone > erase everything . that should take you back to square one . reply back with a comment if not . update : boot into the bootloader : completely power off the deivce . then hold down the back button and press the power/end call button to restart your phone . keep the back button held down till the bootloader menu appears . from here do you have an option to wipe , reset , or factory reset ( or something along those lines ) ? if so try it .
the facebook app does not have an option for it , so basically : you can not . facebook also provides no way to easily export contact information , so you had have to do it manually ( or with some crazy script/app that scrapes the info from the website ) .
i think that it is due to the keyboard layout . swiftkey 's qwerty layout do not put the ' key in the " abc" part of the keyboard . if you want to type a ' '' with the qwerty layout , you have to go to the " 123" part of the keyboard and then type on the ' virtual key . but unlike the qwerty layout , the azerty layout has got the ' key in the " abc" part of the keyboard : to switch to the azerty layout , go in swiftkey settings > Languages and layouts . then go to the keyboard language ( the one you use ) and type on the keyboard icon near the checkbox . then select " AZERTY" when the list of available layouts is opened .
after some digging , i have to decide that what you are trying to achieve is not possible since there is no way to check whether there are additional login requirements necessary for the connected wi-fi networks . you may be able to check the connectivity of the wi-fi network with the methods mentioned by both geffchang and nobugs . but , since the connections with additional authentications literally give you the internet access to login to their network , the said apps and methods ( even the tasker ) will sadly be of lesser use . but the network tester app suggested by nobugs seems promising even though it cannot switch the connections . you can use an app like auto wifi / 3g switch to do the switching automatically . this app can be used to disable mobile data / 3g connection automatically when your device is connected to a wifi network and re-enable mobile data when your device is disconnected from wifi network . again of course , the app cannot detect whether or not there are additional authentications . finally you are left with manually switching and toggling your mobile data and wi-fi . you can use an app like 3g wifi connection mode .
i was able to solve this , but it is not pretty . following the advice in this thread , i applied a hack to the radio that gets wireless tether working . edit : i can confirm this exact procedure will also work on a droid x . download and install radiocomm . it worked fine on windows 7 x64 . open radiocom . this was the first time i opened the app , and a splash screen asked for me to " select which ma to use . " i could not find the ma mentioned in the thread in this list , so i just selected 3g all others ( or something like that ) . open the main menu , select ma , common , mdm 6x00 chipset base . open the settings menu , select usb , pst usb driver . connect phone to computer via usb . change the phone 's usb connection mode to pc mode . the radio detection icon on the right side of radiocomm will turn green . scroll to the p2k 4 tab . in the stelem / rdelem section , tick the dec entries radio box . in the text boxes , enter : Element ID: 8040 Record #: 1 Offset: 0 Length: 128  press RDELEM . it will turn green and the following data should appear : change Element ID to 8041 . press STELEM . it will turn green . change Element ID to 8091 . press STELEM . change the phone 's usb connection mode to charge only . reboot the phone . install wifi tether 3.1-beta6 . in wifi tether 's settings , change the device profile to motorola droidx ( cdma ) . ( droid2 does not work . ) this is a good time to set your ssid and encryption as well . done . you can now tether . in case you need to revert the changes we just made , here 's the original values : ( these are the same on a d2g and droid x ) 8041: 8091:
you could use widgetlocker and have a shortcut on your lockscreen to your camera . i have not personally tried this , but it should technically work .
even if it would be doable , consider a few things making it extremely unlikely : in that early stage , the touchscreen is not yet initialized – so how would you input your pin/password/pattern to unlock the bootloader before firing up the custom recovery ? another risk introduced this way : if you break your display , you are effectively knocked-out : even if the problem described above could be worked around , that work-around would be rendered useless at this place . true , there are things like touch-based custom recoveries . so technically , that would be the place to make it possible : once the recovery is initialized , it could ask for a code to unlock before offering its real services . this might even include a " fallback mode " for a broken screen using e.g. shake-patterns ( accelerometer-based ) or nfc ( if applyable ) . but that is nothing we can solve here at this site : you will have to contact the resp . developers for this ( twrp and/or clockworkmod , to name two examples ) .
according to the official bug report here , starting at about post 26 , it seems the sentiment is that this is a hardware issue . i have contacted verizon and they are shipping me a replacement . i will update the question again if this does not permanently resolve the issue . http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=23789q=label%3apriority-mediumcolspec=id%20type%20status%20owner%20summary%20stars
there is only one possible way to restore your device after unmounting system and/or bricking it . and that is to flash ( via odin ) the original stock firmware in a file named : pda_hc31_eg01ba_ap352081user_cp1033580_lte20110704_0708 . tar nothing else will work . only this one file will be able to unbrick this device . the procedure is quite easy . on the device hold volume up + power select odin mode ( right icon ) connect usb to device and computer on the computer download and run odin 1.85 ( this is important because diff versions of odin support diff files ) check off pda and select the above tar file click start ( 3 boxes should be checked , 2 default and pda ) the odin software will then transfer the stock firmware to the device and shut off when the transfer is finished . user must boot up the device again . when the device boots up , it will automatically install the firmware . the device is now officially unbricked .
although there is not a general solution for remotely launching apps , here is a solution that applies to your situation : first , install androidlost from the online google play store . this is the app you can use to control/wipe/access info about your lost device , yadayada give it a little time to install to your device , then install androidlost jumpstart from the online google play store as well this app will wake up the registration process on the androidlost app when ever a phone call is made , an sms received , battery is low , a package is added , removed or changed . so you have to install an arbitrary app from the play store as well to activate the service , but you can then go to androidlost . com to access functions to control your lost device ! including ringing an alarm ; )
unfortunately rooting your phone will not change a thing , as the problem is on the windows side . if windows does not have a way to communicate with the phone ( ie , a driver ) , then it does not matter if the phone has a different rom on it - the hardware is still the same . however , if you package your apps as apks you can upload them to the sd card and then click on them to install that way . in eclipse : right click on the project > android tools > export signed application package . follow the prompts and you are flying .
you would need to enable usb host mode on your xoom . google this for some more details on this - you will need a rooted xoom ; there will also be links to usb otg ( on the go ) cables that will let you use this ( most of them seem to be micro-usb to usb female , into which you would then need to plug your normal usb cable ) . i do not know if this usb otg configuration would actually charge your phone - some usb otg do not provide power at all . copying files would work on this really easily ( i think that is what it is generally been done for ) , but network may be a little trickier - it would rely on the xoom having the usb network drivers for your n1 , which it might not ( in that case you had need to compile the drivers/kernel modules for your xoom , where it starts to get messy :-/ )
enable usb debugging and download the sdk tools . then it is super easy : note that on my device , it is ARMv7 , and has ( among other features ) vfp support .
obviously the su binary you installed does not work well with your system . as you luckily created a backup of the original su executable , recommendation is to revert the incompatible changes first : adb shell $ oldsu # mount -o remount,rw /system # rm /system/xbin/su /system/bin/su # cp /system/xbin/oldsu /system/xbin/su # exit $ exit adb reboot  explanation : start adb shell and become root ( using the working oldsu executable ) . delete /system/xbin/su ( which is only a symlink now ) and the incompatible /system/bin/su , then copy the working su back to where it belongs . then exit the root shell and finally adb shell . the reboot is optional , and should not be needed . also optionally you could remove busybox ( or keep it if it works ) . before exiting adb shell you might wish to test whether su works again , just to be sure ( which is why i wrote cp for this : if anything goes wrong , you still have your oldsu available ) . with those steps , you should at least have everything in working order again , and this issue is solved . updating to a newer android version is a separate issue : please check the update tag , as corresponding questions already exist . same for the rom you might need ( check the rom tag for that , and in also check the tag-wikis for update and rom ) .
you should be able to change the input method by long pressing on a text box > input method . the menu should give you a list of input methods , select the one that is not swype .
you may not get 21mbps downloads on hspa+ , but otherwise , voice calls and data access should work just fine , provided you get a compatible sim card from the local provider .
log on to google calendar online through web browser ( i did this on pc . not sure if these steps are available on mobile calendar site ) . go to settings > calendar settings > calenders > click notification against your specific calendar . remove reminder for sms and add reminder for pop up . by the above steps , whenever a new event is added on-line , it will set an alarm notification for it on mobile when synced . for already created event , change the notification for each event to pop up through web browser .
your carrier determine a social network by his hostname or ip as said in comment , not with a specific application . but there is sometimes where this feature does not work with apps ( some apps use proxy , do not know if this is the case for facebook or twitter . . . ) . an other case is this only work on the carrier 's website ( if they provide social network functions directly on their site ) , but it would be said on your carrier 's offer . anyway this is only determined by the ip or hostname . you can not do that by designate an app with a certain programming function . . .
after updating my phone to htc official desire 2.3.3 dev rom , it works . so it looks like there is a bug fixed by android or htc rom in 2.3.3 .
at first , i thought this was most likely an instance of android cloud to device messaging , but it can not be : whatsapp does not declare the necessary permissions , and it works in eclair ( android 2.1 ) , while cloud to device messaging ( and its replacement , google cloud messaging ) require at least froyo ( android 2.2 ) . however , it is most likely some sort of push notification service . it is impossible to say exactly how it is implemented without access to whatsapp 's source code . the part about it being able to receive messages when not in use is relatively easy to explain , though . the app almost certainly has a service which runs in the background to check in with the server periodically ( or receive the server push , or whatever it does ) . when you receive a message , the service pops up a notification . as for the question as to how the server could do a push , here 's a possibility ( again , i can not verify without source code ) : whatsapp starts and opens two sockets : one to listen on and one to send a message to the server . whatsapps starts listening on the first socket . whatsapp sends a message containing your phone number and the port of the listening socket to the server and waits for an acknowledgement . the server records the phone and port numbers in the message and the ip address that the message came from . the server sends an acknowledgement to the app . the app receives the acknowledgement and closes the message socket . a message with your phone number as the destination comes into the server . the server uses the ip address and port number it has associated with your phone number and uses that information to push the message to your phone . for this to work , the app would need to monitor the state of the network connection and reset the listening socket / resend the registration message when necessary ( if the ip address changes , for example ) .
see this : http://www.appbrain.com/app/lifetracking/com.lifetracking lifetracking application allows you to track any value that is important to you like your weight , blood pressure , or number of pushups you do a day , as well as any time-consuming activities like sleeping , working , watching tv , etc . you can also graph the data to see it visually and use the application to analyze it . the goal of the application is to help you know yourself and your schedule better . hopefully , when you graph things side-by-side you will understand yourself and your life bette
android jelly bean has extended emoji support . there are various possibilities to type emoji by yourself : install an emoji keyboard and enable the language switch button on your default keyboard , to fast switch to the emoji keyboard . for example : new emoji keyboard use a messaging app which has in-app emoji support ( obsolete since android 4 . x+ supports it by default ) , like whatsapp or handcent sms or other 3rd party sms replacements you can enable basic emoji on android 4.1 jelly bean : simply go into settings > language and input > android keyboard ( settings ) > add-on dictionaries > emoji for english words . you may have to go back into add-on dictionaries , click refresh and install again . now , whenever you type out one of the emoji keywords in the regular android keyboard , you should see an auto-complete suggestion for an emoji icon . ( this is for aosp android , it may not work on custom roms or samsung/htc/lg/sony etc ) if your rom does not support the above possibilities , then maybe obtain root and install emoji font updater ( root ) to get natively supported emojis , but yeah you already have native emoji support as i understand from your question so this is mainly obsolete and i just write it if other readers wanna try : ) emoji keywords : up , down , left , right , star , smile , voltage , warning , victory , wheelchair , five-eighths , seven-eighths , liter , soccer , woman , man , telephone , phone , flat , sharp , note , multiplication , plus , minus , divide , snowflake , flower , question , exclamation , circle , paper , rock , scissors , arrow , baseball , soccer , golf , fahrenheit , celsius , degree , aries , taurus , gemini , cancer , leo , virgo , libra , scorpius , sagittarius , capricorn , aquarius , pisces , phone , telephone , airplane , sailboat , aleph , king , queen , bishop , knight , rook , pawn , church , temple , differential , plus , minus , multiplication , divide , trademark , male , female , five-eighths , seven-eighths , one-thirds , two-thirds , happy , heart , star , hourglass , infinity , integral , reference , sharp , flat , wheelchair , warning , voltage , victory
i am looking for documentation to back this up , but in my experimentation the " default " phone number for a contact is what is used with voice commands if you do not define a phone " type " . so , if i have three phone numbers for john smith , if i just use the command Call John Smith the default phone number will be used . otherwise , i need to use Call John Smith home or Call John Smith mobile . it is also used if , when looking at a list of contacts , you tap the phone icon next to the contact 's name . it will use the default phone number ( if defined ) .
the root process should not fail . there is a thing called " auto nootering " which will automatically do the rooting for you . they have been keeping it up to date with each update coming out for the device from b and n . if the device reboots 8 times in a row , it will reset itself to factory settings . you can find more info here . you need a microsd card to root the device . basically , you put an image onto the sd card , then turn on the nook and it boots that image and enables root access . you then remove the sd card and re-format it ( because the image previously will give it a small partition , additionally you do not want it to boot it again after you have already done it once ) . the nook color is setup that it will boot up off of the sd card before it will boot off of the internal memory ( hence why this rooting process works ) . you can therefore have a dual boot with the stock rom plus another rom on the sd card ( nookie froyo , cyanogenmod7 , or the honeycomb rom ) . this way you experiment with roms and not mess up your stock image . however , it is loading these from the sd card , therefore it will be a bit slower than if it was running off the internal memory of the device . but you can also flash these roms to the internal memory as well .
made it . . . after going to market account -> settings -> edit , i chose " show in menus " and now it works .
you can side-load any android app provided you have the apk . however , by default these phones do not come pre-installed with google 's core applications like the play store . but you can " hack " the devices and install google apps . needless to say it will void warranty and root access is required . there is this guide in xda forums that should help people install google services on their nokia x device .
yes overworking the cpu is what creates the intense heat , this intense heat is detected by the os and shutdowns the phone to protect your hardware . ( a pc works just the same ) .
according to this forum deleting the youtube account resolves it .
until google does something about issue 1008 , ( which seems unlikely since it is about five years old now ) you are unlikely to get a better answer , but for what it is worth , this might help someone in a similar situation . at the moment you can not alter the mtu without root access to the device . in linux this operation requires root , so on android you either need to root the device , or google needs to provide system functionality that applications can use to perform the operation ( i.e. . resolve issue 1008 ) . there is an off-market program mtuchanger which can be used on rooted devices to change the mtu . if you can root your device you can sideload this and work around the issue . of course , you should complain bitterly about charter ( and rogers and the dozen or so other isps ) deploying 6rd in 2013 , when the rest of the world is moving past transition technologies and is doing native dual stack . 6rd is essentially isp-private 6to4 tunnelling , which is why the mtu has to be lowered from 1500 . as such , any company that deploys it is eventually going to have to do it again , and do it right .
it is a combination of a pdf and a browser issue . some pdfs work fine while others do not across different browsers . downloading the pdf you mentioned , here are the results using different browsers : chrome : cannot open pdf from notification boat browser : cannot open pdf from notification dolphin : can open pdf from notification downloading a different pdf from another site , here are the results using different browsers : chrome : can open pdf from notification boat browser : can open pdf from notification dolphin : can open pdf from notification update 2013-10-11: according to scott 's findings , this is a pdf issue . the content-type header of the problematic pdf is application/x-download , while the working pdf is application/pdf . if you control the server which is serving these pdfs , you can switch the content-type header to allow it to open in all browsers . php example : in php this was previously broken when sending :  header('Content-Type: application/x-download');  switch this to this header to work :  header('Content-Type: application/pdf'); 
there is a repligo reader for android available . . . if you want some alternatives you should take a look at repligo reader alternatives for android
actually i bought the motorola defy+ and i am disapointed , as it seems there is synchronization is only possible via google account .
root in linux ( or any unix-like system ) is just the user with user id 0 . the su program ( which actually stands for " switch user " , not " super user" ) is just a program to start another program with a different user id than the starting program ( by default to uid 0 , which is to user root ) . android does not use the traditional /etc/passwd , however it still uses linux user id and group id for managing permissions . if you want to intercept su requests so you can ask for password or enforce other rules , you will need to replace /sbin/su with your own version of su . alternative approach is the one described here : http://www.koushikdutta.com/2008/11/fixing-su-security-hole-on-modified.html though that will require applications to cooperate by firing an intent when they want to switch user . android security framework is more or less like this : each installed application runs on its own user id ( selected at installation time ) , and application permissions is implemented as user groups . can i change the root password after rooting my android device by simply typing " passwd " ? android does not use /etc/passwd so it also does not have passwd program . how is the rooting process working ? i mean what is the " one click root " apps doing to my phone ? i am not quire sure with the exact process myself , you probably want to ask to rooting developers . however , my guess is it just reverts the security check that originally prevent developer from setuid 0 . and im a developer , so how can i find hidden apis ( like ios ) for rooted app development ? since android is open source , there is no truly hidden api in android . however , there are some unpublicized or undocumented apis , you can browse for this in android 's source code . however , these apis are not about root developments , they are usually in-development apis that are not ready yet or is too localized for specific purpose that is not useful for public developer ( or perhaps google just have not realized their usefulness yet ) . you are not restricted from using these apis , but since these are not an officially supported apis , they may disappear or break backward compatibilities in the future . if you need to use these apis make sure your app breaks gracefully .
enabling gps and using gps are two different things , when you enable the use of gps on the menu/toggle , you are just allowing the use of gps , that dose no mean you acutely using it , when you see in the graph the little blue lines , that means that some application tried/used the gps and get the exact location ( e . g google now ) . starting with android 4.4 you can check which application used the gps and when under the app permission menu .
as izzy said in the comments really your best option is to just buy a new card . they are super cheap especially if you buy online . i just looked on amazon and the cheapest 16 gb sd card i could fine was just over $12.00 us . i am sure you can go to your local electronics store and pick one up for around $20.00 us if you do not want to deal with buying online and shipping and whatnot . but , if you are stingy ( most of us are , lets be honest ! ) , make sure you have migrated all of your apps back to internal storage with appmgr iii . once this is done you can shutdown the phone and remove the sd card . if you want you can create a backup of your sd card just in case you need the data on it in the future . you can just copy and paste all of the files into a folder and then compress it , or you can create a disk image of the drive , whatever is more convenient to you . then turn on your old device with the card not inside of it . go through all of your downloaded apps and see if any of them were relying on data on the card . once you find the apps that need the sd card you can then choose to uninstall and reinstall them , or see if you can transfer the files off of the sd card and then back onto the device and then point the app to the folder . it might take a little bit of screwing around , but perhaps the feeling of having extra cash in your wallet will overcome the frustration of dealing with data migration . good luck !
alright , i managed to get it work . i hooked up a octopus usb extension to a micro usb cable on one end , and an usb keyboard on the other end . i booted the phone and then pressed enter , ##pin##code## , enter on the usb keyboard and the device unlocked . this took a few tries as i was going in blindly . then i unplugged the usb cord , then plugged in a micro usb cable that was connected to my computer ( ubuntu 14.04 ) . the phone showed up w/o any problems and i was able to grab files from the on-board storage . one thing i had to do was constantly keep pressing the back button on the device to prevent it from locking . at the end of it all , i successfully extracted 4gb worth of pictures .
here 's a great article someone wrote on the effect of changing it , very detailed : http://ryanolson.wordpress.com/2010/07/13/test-how-changing-the-max-amount-of-memory-per-vm-heap-can-effect-your-rom-cyanogen/ in short , with the g1 , it can cause bigger applications to crash . i would just recommend you keep it default or find a value that you do not see any crashes in applications with . as far as anything else goes , in the short period of time searching else where and reading over different posts . could not personally find any other effects , other than possibly battery life .
it is due to noise cancellation was on during a call . i turn noise cancellation off now it works fine .
look under settings > accessibility for talkback or something similar . also check under settings of individual apps - phone/dialer and messaging . finally check to ensure that driving mode has not been recently enabled . that might also be the cause . look under settings > voice input
restoring factory defaults without deleting any apps or data is a contradiction in terms , as that is exactly what the reset does ( see : factory-reset ) . could it be you just want your app to survive , but do not care about everything else being reset ? that could be done by making the app a system app ( see : system-apps ) , which requires the device to be rooted ( see : rooting , root ) in the first place . apart from that , the answer is " no " . as soon as your customer applies a factory-reset , your app will be removed as well .
you cannot update inbuilt browser even though your phone is rooted . anyway you have some other good alternative browsers in market like dolphin , opera .
there is not a specific android os upgrade policy . if it is a nexus device and it can handle the latest version of android it will get the latest version of android from google . other than that it is up to manufacturers to update drivers and their specific customized version of android for their own devices and then it is up to the carriers to approve those updates and release them to users ' phones . apple has only one phone basically and they release updates on what seems to be a yearly basis and update is done via their own service , not restricted by carriers .
i was getting this error constantly today , so i went to Settings &rarr ; Applications &rarr ; All &rarr ; Voice Command . from there i clicked Force Stop &rarr ; OK then Clear Data &rarr ; OK . then i relaunched the voice command by tapping the microphone button on my google search widget . the voice command worked perfectly , and i have not seen the error message in about an hour .
the problem is , that my android device automatically turns off the 3g connection as soon as wifi is available . why do not you shut off wi-fi ? since you can not control port forwarding or anything at work , there is not much else you can do . although , you could just ask and see whether they had consider opening the google talk ports ( 443/5222/5223 ) .
unfortunately this is not something that can not be turned on or off . it is possible that it is a vendor specific thing , you do not say what device you have or if you are rooted or not , so i assume this is the case . i am running a sgs3 with a custom rom on it ( aokp ) and i have just restarted the device and can confirm there was no vibration during the start or stop procedure . however my nexus one with a stock rom did vibrate . a possible fix is to root the device and stick a custom rom on there , but that is quite an extreme fix for the issue .
often fastboot drivers are different from the ones used by recovery mode and/or fully-booted android system . i would recommend re-installing the usb drivers on your pc . you may need to delete existing drivers that windows picked up . full instructions with driver download for nexus 4 here : quote : plug your phone into your computer . go to device manager on your computer and locate your device . it will either be under " android devices " or " other devices " depending whether drivers have been installed or not . right click on your phone and select " uninstall . " in the box that appears , check the option to " delete the driver software for this device . " go back to device manager and refresh . locate your phone and right click to select " update driver software . " manually install the drivers by picking the folder of the files you downloaded . unplug your phone and restart your computer . plug it back in and everything should work . download link : http://www.mediafire.com/?8xb50uktar8096i
do you have either app moved to the sd card ( using froyo ) ? if yes , then you need to move then back . the apps are not loading when the phone boots , so the phone is reverting to what is currently available on boot ( stock sms/keyboard ) . you have to remember : with cyanogenmod , it will let you move any app to sd card , regardless of whether the app is set to allow you or not . i made a similar mistake with swype .
you can use the same app that i found for my problem to fix yours : custom locale just install it and then select russian as your predefined language and you are good to go mate .
in chrome for android , you select " request desktop site " from the menu in the browser . i do not know if your phone ships with chrome as the default browser or something lg have cooked up , so the option might be named differently , but there should be an equivalent . most sites will respect this , but you might find that if a site is redirecting you to push you to a pay service , they have another way of redirecting you anyway .
google maps navigation also provides live traffic information along your route , updated every few minutes . a red/amber/green light in the corner shows if there are any traffic problems anticipated along your route . if there are , you can see where the holdups are and have the option to press to re-route which will find a route avoiding the traffic holdups . source : http://mobile.jack-frost.co.uk/google_maps_navigation_review_uk.php also : http://www.google.com/support/forum/p/android/thread?tid=4f7b34dd18f74b75hl=en ( via : google search for " google navigation amber green light " )
i have n7 too . i never heard or read about anything like this . it can be faulty battery or charging circuit , but it can be just sw problem . first , please , add some important details to your question : did you use original charger ? did you use original usb cable ? did you use original dock ? what android version do you have ? do you have this version out of box from the first day ( from factory ) or did you get it as ota update or did you update it yourself ? how many apps do you have installed ? do you use any task killer ? did you try reset to factory defaults ?
no , this is not possible . in order for your device to be in debug mode/ connect to the computer with the debug cable , it needs to be connected as a slave device . the otg cable tells the tablet to go into host mode . so now your computer is telling your tablet to be a slave but through the enumeration with the otg cable the tablet believes it needs to be the master , there is a quarrel and it appears the tablet wins and is the master and thus your computer does not acknowledge the tablets existence . if you need the debugging tools have you looked into adv wireless debugging ? ( sorry i can not find the link right now but i have used it in the past and know it is somewhere on the developer . android . com site ) i could not find the link so i figured out how to do it again : 1 ) open the command prompt and navigate to your sdk/platform-tools/ folder . 2 ) type adb tcpip 5555 3 ) type adb connect &lt;your device ip address&gt;:5555 4 ) at this point you unplug your device and type adb logcat 5 ) at times , such as unplugging/plugging into a usb device , the logcat will become disconnected , just redo steps 3 and 4 .
where to find it when it was downloaded if you have been able to " download " the file , the most likely location to find it is either /sdcard/download or /sdcard/downloads . it was not downloaded , but " saved for offline reading " but as it turns out , the stock browser did not give you that option , and you had to " save for offline reading " -- which is something different . in this case the file probably is stored on internal storage ( below /data/data/com.android.browser ) . without root you have got not many chances to access it there . so you could either try with a different browser -- or simply copy-paste the text file into some note-taking app / editor ( e . g . jota text editor or amblelink notepad basic ed . ) . alternative download options if you have to do this more often , or formatting gets lost on copy-paste , you are probably much better of with some " downloader tools " . i just know about tasker , which offers HTTP_GET actions . depending on your rom , the shell might provide wget ( stock rom on my milestone 2 had this ) , so all you need in that case is a terminal app ( e . g . android terminal emulator ) , and there simply execute # change to the directory where you want to store the downloaded file in cd /sdcard/download # get the file wget http://www.example.com/textfile.txt  adjust that to your needs , of course : ) special downloader apps other alternatives would include special " downloader apps " , like e.g. download all files or easy downloader , which you might want to give a try .
i installed next 2 ota updates and got my trace keyboard back . the first one was a small 10mb os update which was still android 4.1.1 but software number as 2.22.720.7 . this required booting after upgrade . the next was a htc sense update which required no booting and got me my trace keyboard back . the stupid power saver notification which came with the jelly bean update is still not gone but trace keyboard back is good enough . never going to update the os again on this phone ! ! !
i noticed an application on the android store called " mysms " that seems to sync between phone , tablet , and pc/mac . maybe this is the solution to your problem . downloadable from : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mysms.android.smshl=en the same company also has a premium service for 2 phone syncing - which has the same features as above but specifically for sycning 2 phones together . since the other app does not require a premium ( paid ) service , its worth trying to see if that does the job for free . if not , then it might be worth trying out their second app . this is the premium version for 2 phones : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mysms.android.mirrorhl=en hope this helps .
seems the only way to do it was to open up the document through the browser , selecting desktop mode . then " view spreadsheet mode " right at the bottom . then it'll load it up like it would if you loaded it from a computer . then you can select file -> email as attachment . bit of a crappy process . . .
the android emulator does not currently support this , unfortunately . there is a configuration file in the build system that determines whether or not to enable the user accounts feature , and it is disabled in the emulator images distributed by google . you can star this issue on the bug tracker in the meantime . however there are two alternatives you can look at : you can alter the configuration file and build a new emulator image from the aosp source and use that in place of the system image that the avd uses by default . the file in question is in /frameworks/base/core/res/res/values/config.xml within the android source . there should be an option named config_multiuserMaximumUsers which needs to be set to a value greater than 1 . you can try the jar of beans emulator package . it has experimental support for multiple user accounts . note , however , that this is an x86 emulator , not an arm one .
no . the app drawer is part of the same app as the home screen itself : the launcher app . you can only replace both of them at once . some launchers do not even have a separate app drawer : the list of apps is a seamless part of the home screen itself .
complete android guide is a pretty good introduction/starting point for free on the website , available as an ebook or an app on the market . http://completeandroidguide.com/
all you need is the titaniumbackup folder on the sd card . this contains all your backup information . make sure to have the Auto-sync TB settings preference checked . titanium backup , ironically , will not back itself up when running a backup . this check-box ensures that your settings for the app are saved as well ( such as schedules and preferences ) . you can also create an update . zip file which can be used to install tb in the recovery : go to the menu , click more , then scroll down until you see Create "update.zip" . this particular file will not be stored in the titaniumbackup folder , but rather on the root of your sd card . after you wipe everything , just copy the titaniumbackup folder back onto the sd card , install your rom , and install tb ( either from google play or from the update . zip file if you created it ) . it should automatically pick up all its old settings and be ready to restore your apps .
as i noted in a comment , one thing to be aware of is that ( typically ) the order of the partitions matters . android basically only looks at the first partition in the table , so you need to make sure the fat one is first on the disk and the ext2/3/4 one is second . otherwise android will see the ext partition and will not know what to do with it .
i did not see this issue on a custom rom - is it an issue with the stock samsung rom ? i would suggest you find out - and if you really want to get rid of it , install a custom rom onto your phone after rooting - i find sapir 's cm10 rom to work well , and i do not see this issue . please check http://forum.xda-developers.com for more info on rooting and installing custom rom 's to your device .
you can use an tasker to kill apps when you launch your game . and you are also able to do the opposite , when your game gets closed , tasker can initialize other apps . you may use the trial version to test this , but i believe that better results can only be achieved with root . tasker tasker by crafty apps available from google play store ( 4,49€ ) from their website you have a free 14-day trial download .
according to several sources ( including a.o. technipages and androidcentral ) the cause of this problem is lacking space in your device 's internal memory , which must have at least 25mb free space left . t-mobile 's support pages have a detailed instruction on how to solve the issue . though for some steps it was not clear to me what android version ( and what menu option ) they were referring to , as a basic abstract the most important points include : remove apps you no longer need this is the fastest solution , as it will certainly reclaim larger amounts of space per single step . to do so , you can e.g. use androids default app manager : go to settings &rarr ; applications &rarr ; manage applications , select the downloaded tab ( you only can remove apps you downloaded yourself ) , check which apps you no longer need , tap their entry , and hit the uninstall ( or remove ) button . in case this is grayed out , you might need to force stop the app first . move apps to your sd card this option is available with android 2.2 and higher , but does not work with all apps . in short , apps must actively support this -- and must not provide widgets and some other things in order to be moved to sd card . the built-in " mover " only permits you to move apps applying to these rules . cleaning up caches you can do so manually going to settings &rarr ; applications &rarr ; manage applications , select " all " ( not just " downloaded " ) , tap each app , and select the clear cache button . clear history this is for your call-logs etc . i doubt this reclaims lots of space . having followed these essential steps ( which i placed in the order of " most effective first" ) , your problem should be gone .
on the My Talks tab , tap/press options button ( you can tap the overflow menu in the top right corner if you are on tablet ) . there is a Remove Items in menu . that should do the trick . it puts an x on all the videos and i am assuming a tap on that will delete them . i have not done this , because i have not gotten around to watching them yet .
it is possible . i found some instructions here that partially apply : http://androidandme.com/2009/08/news/how-to-manually-partition-your-sd-card-for-android-apps2sd/ do take care , if you do not understand commands well , dont try this out . the difference is that you just want one partition in fat32 . mkpartfs primary fat32 0 [last MB] # where last mb is visible using parted /dev/block/mmcblkXXXXXXXX . also the article is about an sdcard . i would recommend checking carefully if you have the right block level device before issuing any partitioning commands ! when using the appropriate block level device , little can go wrong , as you currently have no access at all . [ edit ] personally , i would try to install a new recovery using fastboot , and then use that recovery to format your internal storage . a lot easier and safer imo .
you could try switching your router temporarily to 802.11n-only mode and see if the tablet still connects . if the tablet does not connect , it does not support it .
jumping between roms in the same development series is usually safe without backing up or wiping the data partition ( although the cache and dalvik cache should always be wiped ) , unless the installation instructions specifically tell you to wipe the data partition ( which seems unlikely in this case ; if such a drastic change were needed , it should not be a release candidate any more ) . i would nevertheless back everything up just in case , both application backup like titanium backup and nandroid backup from the recovery partition , but then i am paranoid like that . jumping to a different series ( say , cm6 to cm7 , or cm to aosp ) you should always back up everything and wipe everything .
try settings > applications > manage applications . all > network location > clear data .
if you are planning to use kies to connect to the device , usb debugging must be off and the phone 's usb mode must be set to samsung kies , otherwise kies will not detect the phone .
yes , rooting is usually ( but not always ) required . the following are some options : android screencast : probably one of the more easier and popular sol'n google code project " android vnc " . have to search for it , i can only post 1 link at a time right now . . . droid explorer : app from marketplace android vnc server : a guide that uses a different apk from either sol'n above try them out and see which one gives you the best options .
alright , on the forum thread of that specific cusom rom ( linked in question ) , someone said that he re-formatted through windows with fat32 as type . so i tried this as well . while the device was on , i plugged in the usb cable , and put it into lock . then , as usual , the drives showed up in windows ( sd and internal that is ) , and it forced me to format the internal drive in order to acess it . pressed ok , then formatted with fat32 . after format , i did not even pull the device off the lock , i just quickly pressed the reset button on the back . then flashed it , and turned it on . it works perfectly ! now i have android 2.1 instead of that less-worthy 1.5 build ! thank you to everyone who proceded help : )
yes , here is the source code download and what you need to use it . http://source.android.com/download and the license agreement : http://source.android.com/license home page : http://www.android.com/ the wiki : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/android%5f%28operating%5fsystem%29 from the wiki : at google , the team led by rubin developed a mobile device platform powered by the linux kernel which they marketed to handset makers and carriers on the premise of providing a flexible , upgradeable system .
install kies in your pc . it will automatically install corresponding usb drivers . edit : samsung kies is a freeware software application used to communicate between windows or mac operating systems , and more recently manufactured samsung mobile phone and tablet computer devices , usually using a usb cable connection ( though wireless lan kies connectivity is now possible using some devices ) . this software may be used for : data backup data transfer ( between a windows or mac pc , and a samsung mobile device ) , limited to certain media file formats . multimedia ( audio , photos , video , etc . ) management , but limited to certain file formats . purchase/acquisition of additional or special device features . device firmware and operating system ( os version ) upgrades . to work all these , usb driver should be installed . so when you install this software it will automatically detect your device and install usb drivers .
unfortunately the adbd ( adb daemon ) is not enabled on any current google tv hardware , so adb connectivity is not possible via usb , ethernet , or any other means . however , a few crafty tinkerers from gtvhacker site managed to hack the logitech revue unit to enable this functionality . keep in mind that this is a hardware hack and includes physically opening up the revue box and soldering connections on the motherboard . you can read more on this mod here . needless to say , this hack is not for everyone , and carries even more risk of bricking the stb as a plain software hack .
64-bit wep key in ascii mode is 5 characters , and since you have said your wep key is 0e39c004e1 , you have to enter it in hex mode . i am not sure if your phone can handle hex input , so if i were you , i would try to ( temporarily ) assign some other wep password , which can be entered in ascii mode ( 5 random characters , letters or numbers ) , and see if that works from your phone . since you have mentioned that both your phones , xperia x10 and xperia s have the same problem with this router , it might be a good idea to invest about $30 in small wifi router , which can connect to your home network and serve internet to your phones and other wireless devices . i use tl-mr3020 and it works perfectly in many situations .
not sure if you mean you still want to use gv services , but with your phones ' native number ? or do you mean you want to completely circumvent using gv sometimes ? if you meant still use gv , but with your native number : voice-> settings-> this phone 's number then just choose your phone 's native number ( you are still using gv services , but caller-id will show your phone 's number , not your gv number ) . if you meant completely circumvent gv and use your phone as if gv was not installed : voice-> settings-> making calls . choose either Do not use Google Voice to make any calls or Ask every time I make a call
i found a few work arounds , although not too elegant . music i used winamp for mac , and the winamp app to transfer the music from my itunes library . i loaded winamp , and told it to import my itunes media , waited for it to finish , then created playlists . i can then right-click the playlist on the left , and click send to-> lg optimus g . the transfer took a while over wifi , but it moved my library over other files i used the bluetooth exchange program for my mac . in hindsight , i learned eventually i could have transferred via wifi with es file explorer ' s ftp or smb sharing . but again , this is how i solved it . bluetooth was deadly slow , but it did eventually work .
do this ( at your own risk ) if that is a default widget came along with os because those widgets are unrecoverable once deleted . 1 perform a backup of your important data ( remember ' not the settings' ) in the tab to a pc or cloud . 2 then do a " hard reset " of tab . ( every handset has a unique way to do a hard reset . so google it . ) 3 tab will be reset to its initial state of course . 4 restore backup again . -this is bad idea if you have large amounts of important/sensitive data on your tab and also ignore this answer if that is not a default widget-
it is the logo of the video 's uploader . uploaders can choose to display their logo near the beginning or end of the video , to make it easier for you to subscribe to their channel .
the guide is only to install google play and other related and necessary google apps . the installation is such due to licensing issues which prevent cyanogenmode from packaging it in the rom directly . once you go through the install of google apps , you can use google play same way as on any other android device . regarding versions , every cyanogenmod version is based on particular version of android , e.g. : cyanogenmod 11 is based on android 4.4 kitkat cyanogenmod 10.2 is based on android 4.3 jelly bean cyanogenmod 10.1 is based on android 4.2 jelly bean . etc . the play store will treat cyanogenmod versions as android of appropriate version , so you will have no problems regarding that .
my phone was a yakju and i do not know why those ones are updated like 2 months after the takju . i had to flash it manually to turn it into a takju and after reboot the update was directly available .
as avio 's answer says this is normal , but i assume you are wondering why . it is because the battery does not have enough charge to keep the voltage level up . the hardware will only work within a certain voltage range , just like pc hardware for example . most ( all ? ) phones do not have the redundant circuitry and so on to allow them to be powered directly from the usb port while the battery charges , so you have to wait till the battery charges to the minmum required level . as an aside , android normally shuts down with about 5% of battery left , avoiding this problem . unless you turned it back on after this point , it might be that your version does not do this or that the battery stats are messed up and need to be wiped .
i think to move to the standard google build , you have to root your nexus to bypass the signature verification . otherwise you can not go to the google build . i have a nexus one and it is the same thing . before , i can get the google ota , i had to root my phone .
user dictionary manager might be what you are looking for . from the description : udm is an application that allows you to edit/export/import/delete/clean the user dictionary words found on your android phone .
i encountered the same issues sometimes and i could not detect it without trying to make a phone call . i then went into the parameters panel , into the mobile network part . there , i force the phone to select my operator ( and remove the auto-detection option ) . since this modification , when i am disconnected from gsm network i have a little warning sign ( grey triangle with a white exclamation point inside ) in the notification toolbar . to force reconnection , i go in the same menu and force the phone to search available networks , i select mine and it is ( almost every time ) reconnected .
as long as it is the exact same model ( be very careful here , since nexus 5 has gsm and cdma models ) your plan will work . if you are planning to unlock your phone 's bootloader , root it and install a custom recovery and rom , it is easily done with nandroid . on original nexus 5 you run nandroid backup . using adb pull copy the newly created backup directory to your pc ( the path will be different depending on the recovery you are using . ) unlock the bootloader of your new nexus 5 . boot into your new phone and enable usb debugging . now hook it up via usb and accept the authorization prompt . this is a very important step . do not skip this , otherwise adb will refuse to connect to the phone , even in recovery . install same version of custom recovery as you were using on your original nexus 5 . using adb push copy the backup folder you retrieved in step 2 from your pc onto the new phone . on the new phone boot into recovery and run nandroid restore . keep in mind that nandroid does not back up or restore the contents of media storage ( /sdcard ) , so you will need to copy those files manually ( adb pull/push works quite well , or you can use other methods as izzy mentioned in the comments ) . if you cannot ( or do not want to ) unlock the bootloader , you may want to look into using adb backup tool . however , this method also has its down sides ( e . g . sms messages are not backed up or restored , failure to back up some media , etc . )
in fact , one is available from motorola here , posted by reddit user troub ( source ) . it is a .dae file but can be converted using autodesk fbx converter ( see www.cadstudio.cz/download or www.autodesk.com/fbx ) . alternatively , it is posted here on thingiverse as a .stl file .
i then tried uninstalling gmail by deleting the file and then trying to reinstall it from the play store you can not install it from the play store , you can only update an existing version . this is to prevent phones that have not met google 's official criteria from getting the core google apps , though there are workarounds ( see below ) . the apk deletion seemed to put it in a strange state where it disappeared from the phone . . . but still the play store considers it as installed deleting the . apk is akin to deleting acrobat.exe from windows without uninstalling adobe acrobat . it will not run since it does not exist , but the system still thinks it is installed and there may be other junk left behind . to fix this you had need to flash the google apps package ; this question might help with that . since you are only suffering from the market not auto-updating right now , you can either try to trigger the update or manually install the new version ; see this question for that . in the future do not delete apps you want ! or at least back them up :p
i think " phone idle " just means general power use from the phone being on ( listening for user activation , waiting for scheduled app actions , basic memory and cpu " being on " stuff etc . ) whereas " cell standby " is about keeping the phone active on the cell network ( brief signals back and forth with cell towers alerting them of your presence , listening for calls or sms ) .
nevermind . this was a " quick reply " feature of chompsms . wow . that was hard to find . guess will accept this in 2 days .
according to the dolphin for android phone faqs , you can manually create a shortcut to the home screen : how do i create a shortcut for dolphin sonar to the home screen manually ? please click menu> more> settings> gesture and sonar > sonar settings> create shortcut .
in order for the voice actions to successfully set the alarm the device must contain an app that implements the android.intent.action.SET_ALARM intent . ( read more in the documentation of android . provider . alarmclock . ) there is no guarantee that your device contains such an app ( unless it is a stock android ) . the situation is worse on samsung galaxy s ii ( with ics ) which by default comes with samsung 's own clock app which seems to handle the intent but actually does not , i.e. in response to the voice action a blank clock window pops up and no alarm is set . so voice actions will not even find out that the alarm setting task was not carried out . the only app that i am aware of that properly handles this intent and can be used with voice actions is alarm clock plus★ . it is likely that there are more such apps but android market does not make finding them easy , because it does not offer a search-by-intent feature . . .
usually it is called calendar . ask your provider if it still is not showing on your phone . alternatively , trying seeing if long-pressing an empty area of your screen and then choosing widgets - shows the calendar widget in the list . i am assuming of course , that you have already set up your google account to sync with your device .
there currently is no official update for the n1 to gingerbread yet . however , you could root your phone and install cyanogenmod 7 ( nightly , it has not hit release candidate yet ) to get gingerbread on your phone . from what i have heard , the nightlies have been pretty stable for the n1 . more details on the cm wiki here . basic steps include : root your phone install rom manager flash clockwork recovery make a nandroid backup of your phone flash cm7 note : rooting your phone will void your warranty . for more info about rooting , see here and here .
try combined search words to narrow down the result list . if you e.g. look for an alarm reminder , " alarm reminder " gives you 1.000+ results -- while " alarm-reminder " ( note the " minus " replacing the space ) shrinks it to 48 , relating to both terms ( and not just either one of them ) . sometimes also the rules from google 's main search engine apply here ( i could not yet figure out when they do and when they do not ) . so " alarm +reminder " should list only apps whose name/description contains both terms -- while " alarm -reminder " should list only those containing " alarm " but not " reminder " . as said , this works sometimes , while the first rule mentioned seems to work always . i just tested it , and surprisingly even some more advanced keywords work : " clock +intitle:alarm " really lists only apps having " alarm " in their name ( and " clock " in their name or description ; though this i did not verify completely ) . i suspect the playstore search is just a " customized google search " -- so you might play with other " tipps and tricks " from its " big brother " .
you need to do a factory reset via Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Privacy -&gt; Factory Data Reset ( this may be under a different menu on newer versions of android . ) factory reset formats your device , erasing all 3rd-party installed apps and their settings . it also dis-associates your accounts ( google , or any others you may have added ) from the device , removing any synced contacts . you may also wish to format your sd card if you are giving it along with the phone . apps , books , music and videos that you purchased via google play store are tied to your google account . you will be able to re-download them to your new android device after signing in with your google account .
answer : no based on the currently available information at their support faq page , no , you cannot disable the " sim card change notification " feature with remove sms control : how can i control device via sms configuration 1 ) set a password and enable sms command option using " preference " menu of the app 2 ) send sms commands locate phone : ## locate password siren : ## siren password lock screen : ## lock password screenlockpassword factory reset : ## wipe password reset and format sd : ## wipeall password toggle gps : ## gps password toggle wifi : ## wifi password toggle bluetooth : ## bluetooth password what can you do : you can let the phone owner know how to access the app and from there , pressing " preferences " , it can access the " allow notify via sms " enable/disable checkbox :
the answer is : you cannot . either wait out the harassment , do not open the app for a while , or switch discussion platforms with the people you care to talk to . all unsatisfying solutions , but . . . they are the only ones .
when small blue writing appears , let go of just the power button . it should then boot into recovery . source . disclaimer : i am dladdict on xda .
enter the message application , click the menu button and enter settings , select " text input mode " and change the option from automatic to gsm alphabet . when you type in the message it appears as special characters but when the message is sent it is automatically converted to normal text .
actually , tasker is the key here . you can find a tutorial here : control which app is the default for an action . in addition to tasker , you will need the secure settings plug-in . the action involved which can be found there is called package state , where you can select between disable , enable , and toggle . so basically it is a work-around : you disable firefox when switching to 3g , so only opera is available then and will be used . as soon as you switch to wifi ( tasker condition : wifi connected ) , you toggle both package states , so firefox becomes the default browser as it is the only one available .
sounds more like a virus . the only guarenteed way is to flash a fresh rom and start over . malware is getting smarter and smarter and may be able to hide itself on the os unless you start fresh .
i tried a different approach , seeing the problem was with radio / telephony . . . i put in another sim from a different carrier , and so far i am having no reboots ! what is the difference ? my main carrier is a " virtual carrier " , a company that rents other company 's network to offer their service , usually with more competitive prices . the sim i am using now is from a traditional carrier that owns the network directly . what i think happens is that when using a virtual carrier , you are having a sort of permanent roaming : the phone has to first get into the network owning carrier and then join the virtual network of the virtual carrier . somehow this is making the droid 3 crazy . the signal strength meter was indeed showing a small " r " indicating i was in roaming . i assumed this was because being an us phone , it took any non-us network as roaming , but now that i am using the regular carrier sim , the signal strength bar is not showing " r " anymore . seems i will have to change my carrier to a network owner , which unfortunately have much less competitive prices . but at least i found a way of using the droid 3 without constant reboots ! ! for future reference to other spanish users : i am having the reboots using a simyo sim ( which runs on the orange network ) , but with a movistar sim there are no reboots .
files and directories below /data/data are protected from the " average user " , so you cannot simply " pull " them unless the adb daemon is running in root mode . other than the file you were referring to ( /system/buildprop is at least readable by all apps ) , folders below /data/data are " invisible " ( except for root ) , so they cannot even be read . to be able to use adb pull on them , you need to make your adb daemon run in root mode first . depending on the device , a simple adb root command might do that – but most devices will refuse to do . in those cases , you can use chainfire 's adbd insecure : install this app on your device , start it there , and manually switch to " insecure " mode . now the pull should succeed . remark : it is called " insecure " because running adbd as root gives everybody with a computer and an usb cable access to everything on your device . just in case you wonder .
on ics , click on the applications icon , then select menu &gt; edit . you can now drag-and-drop any application icon you want to the row with the default icons . note that you can remove the phone and contacts icons , but not the applications icon . i am not sure if there is a similar feature in the touchwiz launcher on froyo , but alternatively you can look around and install a different launcher that does allows you to customize everything . you may want to start by reading this article
founded ugly workaround ( link ) . add exchange account : domain\username : is my aspmx . l . google . com\username@gmail . com server : m . google . com now i can sync calendar - but only first one :/ . still looking for a proper solution .
tethering an ios device to an android device will cause a wormhole to open and suck them both in . i do not recommend it . the non-sarcastic response to bt tethering on honeycomb
i had the same problem with google music . if you move the music slider to a different position , it will output sound on both sides , but the bug appears again once it changes track . i believe this is a bug on cyanogenmod 10.1 rc1 . i just updated to rc4 and the bug seems fixed . yay !
these files are all system images for the android emulator . that is , they contain the filesystems for the emulated android phone inside the emulator . the ones that are in sdk directories can be removed from the android sdk manager and reinstalled any time you want . the ones in your user directory were generated by running the emulator : they contain the files and data you have created in the emulator . only you know whether they contain any important data . if your emulated android system does not have any data you want to save , you can delete them . make sure to remove the corresponding avd entries that use them from the avd manager , as the avd will not be able to boot once you have removed its files : you will have to start a new avd from scratch . btw , it is not necessary to download a fresh android sdk each time you install an ide . just tell the ide the path where you installed the android sdk . rather than just worrying about the large files , it'll be better to completely remove the copies of the sdk you are not using .
the best thing for this is going to be tasker . best three bucks you will ever spend on an android phone .
ivona voice sounds the best hands down ( especially amy and the new not yet on android salli voice ) . works great on all apps for me . sadly , whenever i reboot phone , ivona no longer works . only fix is to reinstall the whole thing which is a total pita . i still do it though cause it sounds so much better then any of the other choices .
an update might include a new radio-firmware ( see : what is radio firmware ? ; basically you can think of it as the " hardware-layer " or an api to give the installed ( android ) system access to the hardware ) , which is not included with a nandroid backup . it could also include a " recovery-image " ( see : recovery-mode ) , which you did not include with your backup . for the latter , you could simply include it with your nandroid backup . the radio-image is a different thing : i know of no method to extract/backup it from a given device . you could , however , check which radio version is currently installed with your device , and see if you can get a " ruu " ( radio unit update ) specifically for that .
yes , usb otg requires capable hardware , software on which it is enabled and the right drivers . for example , the nexus-series of google do not allow usb otg from software-side . however , if you are rooted ( and the hardware would support it ) it is an easy way to enable it . chainfire made an application which enables/disables usb otg . this only works , if your hardware would support usb you can find it on google play
i am not sure of the motorola methodology for answering or ignoring a call , but on my samsung , merely touching the green or red button is insufficient ; it requires a swipe to convey the intention . i believe this was re-engineered to prevent accidental accepts or hangups through a mere button press . the green button has green arrows and a swipe in the arrow direction from the button will accept the call . the same with the ignore swipe along the red arrows from the red button to indicate the call should go to voicemail . update : searching the droid forums , i see that motorola uses the same functionality for call answering , but many users would like to see the functionality changed to just a button press . perhaps you are an advocate of the same technique . see this forum for suggestions others have made to change the functionality somehow through app replacement : http://www.droidforums.net/forum/android-app-developers/37743-button-answer-call-instead-swipe.html
automated solutions could involve tasker : make a job running in intervals ( e . g . all 3 hours ) , with the task to shell-execute rm -rf /data/log/* as root , should keep the folder clean . tasker has a " run shell " command , where you can tick " use root " – that is what you would need .
i would expect tts and asr to be very memory-intensive as they process input ( which needs to be stored and transformed ) and generate output . so slow memory would probably be a limiting factor with a fast cpu . there should also be a little i/o -- loading voice samples for comparison and playback -- but i would not expect it to be as much of an issue . i can not get any more specific since i do not know how the default engine works ( i suspect few people outside google do ) . you might get a better answer on stackoverflow , since this is more of a question about the specifics of an algorithm and not really about android use .
official gmail app uses accounts , provided by android , so it is impossible . only if you will use some patched version , what will use private accounts , it possible .
here 's what i need to do : 1st step : launch the settings app , scroll to the bottom , and tap about phone . 2nd step : in the middle of the screen is the listing for android version . tap this item until you see a jelly bean appear on your screen . you can then tap and hold the giant jelly bean until your device vibrates . you should then see interactive beans floating all over your screen . and yes , you can fling them . go ahead , try it . 3rd step : after doing , this the beanflinger daydream will be unlocked . you can find the daydream option by going to settings > display > daydream . hope it will help to all of the users facing this same kind of problem .
if the sound is what you do not like , on some phones the sound can be turned off by disabling usb debugging . Settings -> Applications -> Development -> USB debugging . however , on some other phones , this will not change the sound that gets played when you plug it in . to actually remove the notification , as previously mentioned , you will need a custom rom to do that for you . [ update ] another option to disable the sound is to go into your sounds settings and set the default notification ringtone to silent and then go to each and every one of your applications that you want to have ringtones in and individually set them up there . i do not recommend this option ( sure would be a pain if you forgot to set a ringtone to work email and missed an important one saying " we need you here asap or you are fired ! " ) , but it is an option nonetheless .
it depends on what you would like to achieve . if you want to just send a link from your computer to your android device you have several possibilities : send an email to yourself containing the url . of course you need to have that email account synched on your android phone . then open the mail there and click on the link . admittedly , this is a not very elegant approach another approach is to use chrome2phone . it consists of a mobile app and a google chrome extension that adds a button to your chrome browser . by clicking on that button , a link of the currently open tab will be sent to your mobile phone and directly opened there on the browser . here 's a youtube video that explains how to set it up : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pqb243nimlg if you want to have links on your android homescreen , you may create bookmarks in your android browser and then add them by long-pressing on the homescreen , then choosing " shortcuts " followed by " bookmark "
update 8/16/2011 minecraft pocket edition is now available in the google play store ! however it seems it will only be available for the sony ericsson 's xperia play . update engadget hands-on of the game here is a video from " sonyericssondev " showing minecraft being played on the xperia play update : it looks like minecraft mobile will be revealed at e3 2011 ( june 7-9 ) . however it will only be available on ' . . . sony ericsson 's playstation-certified xperia play ' at first and then sometime later available for other android devices . sources : gamersutra droidgamers previous posts below while it may not be possible right now , it looks like the developer will eventually bring minecraft to android . androidcentral engadget edit : i found a ' minedroid ' google code page today - i have not tried it myself but under " downloads " there is an apk that was release on feb 25th . i suggest looking at the wiki for instructions on installing and running . edit 2: i found droidcraft just a few minutes ago . while it is not true minecraft the describes it as an " android survival / crafting game inspired by minecraft " . i am downloading now to check it out . game website
this problem went away after i installed a kernel and rom that was developed more specifically for my particular phone , the sc-02c . the lesson learned was to be really sure before rooting or upgrading that one is working with the exact right rom and kernel .
you are right in that it theoretically should be possible to make the switch without dropping the signal , but unfortunately we users and even cm developers can do very little to change that . the only thing the rom does is tell the radio to switch from one mode to another , it is up to the radio 's firmware to decide how to make the change . these firmwares are not something you can change , since giving the users the power to change how the radio works is just asking for trouble . the reason why the firmwares lose the signal probably has to do with the fact that when you change the mode , you actually turn off part of the radio that handles the now unused network mode . but when the switch happens because of bad reception the radio that lost signal stays on and continues to search for a signal ( so you can get 3g back after you return to civilization ) .
one part of google maps is a so called " location service " , which kicks in on a couple of intents ( e . g . always when your network connectivity changes -- which happens when you login to a new wifi network , or to a new cell tower ) . it caches your current location to the " location cache " , which should serve to faster provide your current location when needed ( and to update google 's location database , as the cache is contents are submitted in intervals ) . without being rooted , there is not much you can do about . but if your device is rooted , you have several options : use an app like autorun manager pro ( yes , here you need the " pro" ) to disable the listeners which cause it to kick-in 1 use titanium backup ★ root to freeze the app when you do not need it , and un-freeze it on demand 2 which method to prefer ? i personally would go for the second . titanium backup lets you create a widget on your desktop to toggle the " frozen state " of an app , so you can easily switch it on/off . disabling some listeners might work well -- but the app also might start behaving strangely .
i managed to work it out with the nexus root toolkit in the end . however , i did not get around scrapping the existing contents this way . so what i did was to back up all my data and applications and then flash a new stock rom ( 4.2.1 ) . this worked fine , but it means i needed to re-encrypt the device and restore from the backup whatever i wanted . so it was more tedious than expected , but well worth it in hindsight . especially the multi-user system is worth it for me .
yes , you need an otg cable . the pin layout is different than a regular micro usb to usb cable ; essentially , it is equivalent to shorting pins 4 and 5 on a normal cable . this is what causes the phone to know that it needs to be the host rather than the slave . in fact , you can do this yourself if you are handy with electronics and have a cable you do not mind taking apart , though they are also readily available at many online retailers ( amazon , newegg , monoprice , etc ) .
where is the application installed the . apk file is put into /data/app ( see : where in the file system are applications installed ? ) where are its preferences stored this depends on the application . if it uses the sharedpreferences classes then they go in /data/data/&lt;app's package name&gt;/shared_prefs , but they could feasibly be stored anywhere the app can write data to ( i.e. . all of /data/data/&lt;app's package name&gt; , the sd card , etc ) . where is information such as usernames and passwords stored this also depends on the app . most often , probably somewhere in /data/data/&lt;app's package name&gt; . they could also use accountmanager apis ( the app must request this permission ) which i believe will use the /data/system/accounts.db database .
add a time context to your profile . there is a repeat option ( check box ) .
this feature is not available as of now . but you should frequently check the google now app page for such updates . this feature is available on siri though , but that is probably irrelevant right now . in the meantime , you can still get turn by turn navigation to take you home by saying " directions to home " . it would be a good app feature though .
the update is cumulative , it will directly be upgraded to 4.4.3 unfortunately the latest update does not address that bug . source
a boot animation is a series of images ( frames ) in a folders ( parts ) . there is a text file ( desc . txt ) that defines the parts , the frame rate , and how many times it loops . a desc . txt looks like this : 480 427 30 p 1 0 part0 p 0 10 part1  the first like is the height and width , then the number of frames per second the next 2 lines define the parts that will " play " . the " p " indicates the line is a " part " the next digit is the number of times to repeat , 0 = infinite next is the pause , this is the delay before it starts the next " part " ( or frame if looping ) after the last frame in the part completes . finally , is the name of the part ( the folder name where the frames are ) inside each part your png images will " play " in order , so what ever you name them , just make sure they are ordered how you want them to " play " . for example , frame001 . png , frame002 . png . i added the extra 0 's because if i have more then 10 frames , the order may be mixed up . the boot animation is then put in a zip archive with " store " compression , with desc . txt at the root of the archive . the file is named bootanimation . zip , and placed in /system/media/ ( you need to remount as rw ) or you can place it in /data/local on some devices ( should work on cm7 ) . when the boot animation is in /data/local , it will take precedence over /system/media , this way the " default " can stay on the device unharmed .
from wikipedia : 720p is the shorthand name for a category of hdtv video modes having a resolution of 1280×720 ( for a total of 0.92 megapixels or 921,600 pixels ) and a progressive scan . the number 720 stands for the 720 horizontal scan lines of display resolution ( also known as 720 pixels of vertical resolution ) , while the letter p stands for progressive scan or non-interlaced . when broadcast at 60 frames per second , 720p features the highest temporal ( motion ) resolution possible under the atsc and dvb standards . the samsung galaxy s is capable of recording 720p video from it is rear-facing camera . the nexus s is not ( max resolution of 720x480 ) .
you can turn off notification in your stock messaging application by going into the settings dialog ( menu button -> settings ) and unchecking notifications
cell signal to add to ce4 's answer : you can check that for yourself . if you take a look at your battery stats ( they are always at a little different place in the system menu : sometimes in the main menu , other times under phone info ) , it lists the apps which used most of your battery . one of the highest consumers in there is most likely your display -- and close to it you will find an item cell standby ( sometimes called phone standby ) . this describes how much battery was used to " keep the signal " . check that in times of good reception versus those of bad reception and see how much it differs . network stuff this can even be " multiplied " if you have many apps running services to poll information from the net permanently -- like email apps using imap idle , or some social chat app keeping a push connection . it looks like the same is happening here : it tries hard to keep the connection , and thus pushes the cell radio further . due to the bad reception , the connection gets slow , and those services keep longer " wake locks " ( keeping the cpu alive to complete their task ) , which again eats battery . how to find out if your reception was good ? the system does in fact provide this information ( at least from android 2.3/gingerbread on ) , in the very same battery statistics mentioned before . on top of the first page you find a small graph 1 : tap on it , it brings up a bigger one 2 . the screenshots are in german , but you still can tell the details : in the first 1 , you see the cell standby titled " mobilfunk-standby " right next to the display , as said before . on top of that is mentioned " mini-graph " . that tapped brings you to the page where you find the second image 2 at the bottom . here take a look at the first graph , titled telefonsignal ( phone signal ) . " the greener the cleaner": a bright green means " good reception " ( the screenshot shows this at the begin and end , that is here : morning and evening -- so at home i have good reception ) . getting yellowish : " moderate reception " . this uses more energy : compare it with the graph on top of it ( not in the screenshot -- but the same as in the first screenshot ) , and you see the bar is almost flat where the cell signal is good -- but falls faster where it is not . see the little red spots : " no reception " . and phone will power-up like crazy to find a new cell tower . . . how to find out where the dead spots are ? here we need to use 3rd party tools . i will mention two of them here : no signal alert 3 and opensignalmaps 4 . both can alert you when entering a " dead zone": no signal alert lets you view a log of cell state changes , plus can show you a map of where the dead zones were 3 . opensignalmaps has the plus of showing you all cell towers in reach 4 , pointing out which you are connected to . it also offers you a " compass " giving the direction to the strongest signal . how to automatically deal with those dead zones ? there are some little helpers available which watch your signal . if it drops or gets lost , they simply switch the radio off ( so it cannot further power up searching a non-existing signal ) -- and periodically activate it again to check whether the situation has improved . one of them is battery saver 5 , which also lets you define profiles so you can easily switch other things like wifi . then there are more powerful " automaters " like e.g. greenpower free battery saver 6 , which even manage a lot more . and these two are not the only ones . . .
motorola 's xoom support forums has a thread that is updated when updates go out , and contains links to the lists of changes in the updates which ( for us wifi xooms ) is here . according to that two software updates have gone out in the last few weeks , htk55d and htk75d the first contains security updates , the second updates to included apps . specifically they contain : htk55d platform security fixes : diginotar certificate revocation the security fix removes a compromised root certificate authority ( ca ) . libpng security update libpng has been updated to version 1.2.46 to correct for multiple publicly-known security issues . htk75d android™ market has been updated . android™ books has been updated .
provided you have physical access to the device , you can manually install your app by doing the following : install android sdk tools from this page ( download for other platforms → sdk tools only . ) install usb drivers for the phone ( usually from manufacturer 's site . ) turn on usb debugging on the phone ( in settings → developer options ) connect the phone via usb ( you can also do this over wi-fi with a number of apps if the phone is rooted . ) open command prompt or terminal and navigate to the " platform-tools " sub-directory of where you installed the sdk tools . issue the following command : adb install path_to_apk\your_app.apk keep in mind though that you are still essentially " letting them have " the apk , since the installation simply copies the apk file to the appropriate directory on the phone ( usually /data/app or /data/app-private ) and registers it with android 's package manager . a knowledgeable enough user can still retrieve the apk .
if it is a wall charger with plugs that match your outlets , the input range should be covered . normal usb chargers are 5 v at up to 1.8 ma . the voltage is the main concern -- standard usb ports for pcs only go up to 900 ma , which is why they charge slower . you can see the usb power specs on wikipedia : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/usb#power ( in sum , any usb charger that you can trust to do what it says on its specs should work fine . a crappy no-name charger might lie , but two samsung chargers should be 100% interchangeable . )
fota - firmware over-the-air this is the update sent to the os via your service provider ( for 3g/gprs/edge . . ) or wifi . it will download an image of the new firmware from the server and install it after you accept .
nope , at least not as of now . you can factory reset your device to remove the first account you set up ( on some devices , you can just remove all the accounts without the reset ) and then add the other one first , if you would like to use it instead . but if you actively want to use both , you are stuck .
what you are describing is what is known as a " dirty flash " which is a no-no ! especially from aosp to cm and vice-versa , could lead all sorts of force closes etc . likewise , [ a particular custom rom ( insert of your choice ) ] to another but different [ custom rom ( insert of your choice ) ] and vice-versa . the only time a dirty flash can be performed if going from cm nightly to the latest nightly , or [ custom rom ] to a more recent version of same [ custom rom ] , theoretically , although no guarantees that everything will work " proper " . occasionally force-closes will be exhibited or some " weirdness " will manifest , hence no guarantees . really , if going from one rom to another - best to wipe cache/data completely provided a backup has been done in the first place : ) why not use a backup tool such as titanium backup or the basic backup tools found on the play store in the event you are not rooted ? : )
looks like the external keyboard helper app lets me switch layouts of an external usb keyboard on my nexus 7 , no root access needed .
as eldarerathis mentioned , you need to charge the tablet using the charging adapter rather than usb . the a500 has 2 usb ports . a regular one , like you had find on a laptop , for connecting usb devices to the tablet ( memory sticks , for example ) , and a micro usb port for connecting the tablet to a computer . make sure you are using the micro usb port . ( your mileage may still vary - the support site is not very forthcoming on using the tablet with a mac )
i do not have your phone model on hand to try , but you can give this link a shot . generally , just go to settings > security > check make passwords visible . this is true for my phone ( htc desire , bcm 4.0.4 ) . hope it works for you .
you may want to try 3rd-party keyboard apps that support transliteration of physical keyboards . i have previously used anysoftkeyboard , and with the appropriate language pack ( e . g . french with has the azerty layout ) it will transliterate physical keyboard as well .
from what i have read , the only photos that are backed up are those in the folder named " dcim/camera " , which should include photos from your camera . if you move other photos there ( e . g . downloaded , etc . ) , they should be backed up .
as mentioned in my question there is a " contacts " app already listed under settings > apps > all , but there is no way to directly launch this . there is no related contacts/people app icon on the apps page . i have accessed this " contacts " app at least once in the past , via another application , but i cannot remember how i did this . anyway . . . a workaround . . . i installed resizable contacts widget ics . this is a very small/simple app that provides a widget that you can place on the home screen to give quick access to one ( or more ) of your contacts . tap the contact/widget and a contact summary pops up . tap the contact summary and it opens the full contact app from which i can search and manage all my ( gmail ) contacts . solution dan kindly emailed me this solution for how to access this mysterious contacts app from within your mail app - no third party apps required . at the top of any incoming email ( using google mail app or the android mail app ) in the big blue bar at the top you will see the sender ( picture or icon ) and sender 's address . if you click on the senders picture or icon there will be a pop-up with details on that contact . in the pop-up , just under the picture to the right there will be a small " head and shoulders " icon . click that , and voila ! you are in the contacts app . the sender needs to already be in your contacts for this to work , otherwise you get prompted , ' add "xyz@example.com" to contacts ' ? as dan admits , this is " still back assward " , but it would seem to be the most viable solution so far for what has proved to be a rather common problem !
apparently , this is also an animation issue . according to an answer for my dialer app , setting the animation to . 5x fixes a lot of spacing/hiding issues on the phone . to fix it , do the following : go to Settings &gt; Developer Options change Animator Duration Scale to 0.5x many props to abid rahman k for figuring it out !
there are several ways you could accomplish that : if you have sufficient free storage available , archiving the contents ( zip , tar , whatever other archiver ) and then copying the archive file would be a way . pulling the archive would change the archive file 's timestamp , but contents would be preserved as-is , and restored with their original timestamps . this could be done either from a terminal app , or via adb shell . on one device i have checked , tar and gzip are available , and even bzip2 . successfully tested on another one , and adapted to your specifications : tar czf backup.tar.gz /storge/sdcard0 run from a location with sufficient space would create the archive , which you then could pull . you could utilize a sync app like foldersync , and simply sync all the contents to your computer ( via sftp , samba/windows-share , or any of the other supported protocols ) . after having formatted the storage , you could sync it back the very same way . if your device supports an external sdcard , you could copy your files over there , which also should preserve timestamps there might be even other possibilities , but these are the ones coming to my mind first .
there is no way to do this natively in the settings of android , as you have noticed . however , there is an app on the android market called " wifi static " that should help you with what you are looking for .
android currently does not support usb audio paths . you can use usb audio if you have a nexus 5 with android l preview . otherwise you are out of luck .
kies allows backups , but not the application settings , only limited content such as contacts , bookmarks , music , photo and videos . you can see the kies tutorial on backup : open kies v2.0 , " help menu-> kies tutorial-> backup and restore mobile phone data " section for details and a movie . you can also try mybackup free from market , which does not require root . wish you luck !
gps works fine in a case or pocket . you do need a generally unobstructed view ( from a radio perspective , not necessarily a visible perspective ) of the sky ( no trees/buildings/etc . in the way , but thin barriers , like say a tent , will not present a problem . ) in order to pick up the gps signals from the satellites . ideally , you should have as clear and as wide a view of the sky as possible . ideal conditions would be standing in a flat empty field with visibility to the horizon in all directions . narrow that view of the sky by adding buildings and trees and your ability to obtain an accurate lock starts to degrade and you get more and more error in your position , until such point where you can not get an accurate lock ( or in extreme cases , like being in a deep basement or similar , any lock at all ) at all .
it seems that you have a version of google search that does not include google now . the easiest way to fix this would be to install a new version of the google search app . i have linked to the googlenow apk below so that you can install the version i had on my device . this should then allow you to access google now by pressing the google search option in the app drawer , or using the quick search bar on the default launcher . googlenow . apk
there is not a native notes app for the nexus s because it does not have touchwiz ui . i am quite certain the voice action ' note to self ' actually sends an email to yourself ( i do not personally use that action , not sure it likes a british accent ) there are loads of third party apps though . for example scribb . it is full to the bursting with features , ak notepad is quite a good simple one or evernote has a strong following and quite a few more features .
the xda wiki entry of the nexus 7 only mentions two models : wifi model : me370t cellular model : me370tg so if you have a functional sim card slot then you have the cellular model , otherwise the wifi-only one .
i am going to assume that , as suggested in the comments , brightness is ( for some reason ) one of the settings that gets wiped when the sim is swapped .
no it is not possible . even if you send him a message without him adding you as a contact the first thing he will see is your number .
for some reason this just worked itself out . one day i did " update phonebook " in the bluetooth menu , and then everyone showed up . before that , i thought i was going to have to remove my wife , brother , mom , etc , from favorites to get them to show up in the car 's bluetooth menu . so , if this happens to you , try " update phonebook " in your vw/audi bluetooth menu .
you need to create a port forwarding to your android device . this can be done with adb . for example : run adb forward tcp:12345 tcp:23456 and then use the uri http://localhost:12345 to access the server running on port 23456 in the emulator . note that some ports are reserved for android and some can only be used after rooting , so i would suggest using high ports ( > 20000 ) if you can .
if es file explorer doesnt work , i suggest that you use superbeam : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.majedev.superbeam it uses wifi direct technology to transfer files at wifi speeds , and the wifi direct connection is initialized by scanning a qr code generated by the app of by touching them together with nfc on . you can " share " the file with superbeam and opening the app starts the reciever end of the communication
if there is a ics rom available for the droid x , it should run on a device with 512mb . the minimum requirements for ics specified by cyanogenmod team is 256mb and a " decent gpu " . i am not sure what kind of gpu the droid x has , but you will probably have a better experience with gingerbread then ics on that device if the gpu is not that great . my brother had that device and complained constantly about lag and lock up . if you have the " stock " motoblur , you will probably have a better experience just by installing any aosp based rom . you can expect the footprint to be about the same , maybe a bit less , then what you see now . this is because the android os will always try to use as much memory as possible in order to try and keep your experience better . if the application is in memory you can switch back to it faster then if it has to reload the entire application , plus it can " remember where you were " . as a side note , i do not currently see any cyanogenmod 9 builds available on the cm forums for the droid x , but that does not mean that there are not any , i just do not see them .
i had to rebuild my phone after a firmware update ; in doing so , i skipped over a lot of the junk that i would previously installed . the upshot is that i no longer suffer this problem ( nor several others that had crept in ) . while it could be the software update that was the solution , i suspect that it was more likely that the clean install that did the trick . on the plus side , the problem has disappeared ; on the negative side , we do not know what the solution is .
androphp looks like it'll fill your needs quite nicely . you can . . . deply dynamic php content serve pages over lan use a mysql database heck , this'd be awesome for all sorts of events . have people whip out their phones , navigate to your locally hosted signup form , etc , then export the mysql tables out later .
once the encryption screen comes up , android may have gotten far enough in the bootprocess for the adb server to start . if you have adb set up on the computer , check and see if the computer can recognize the phone by typing adb devices . if you see device with a serial number , then just simply type adb reboot recovery . ( if you do not have adb , there are several guides that can be found via google that explain how to get it set up . )
did you say google script ? marking gmail read with apps script the idea behind this script is to mark as read any message that is not in the inbox ( i.e. . , has been archived ) . head to script . google . com to start a script . choose to create a script for gmail in the little popup . delete all the sample code it gives you . replace it with this ( written using the api reference ) : function markarchivedasread ( ) { var threads = gmailapp . search ( 'label:unread -label:inbox' ) ; gmailapp . markthreadsread ( threads ) ; } ; save the project with file > save . add a new version using file > manage versions and enter " initial version " then submit that . do a test run using run > markarchivedasread and be sure and authorize the app when it asks you to . add a new trigger using resource > current project 's triggers and choose to run the above function every minute . save the script again and exit . i do not know that it is necessary to run it every minute , but as long as you run it regularly . this is not a direct answer to your issue , and if you have reasons to have unread messages that are not in your inbox this will not work for you .
i solved this by erasing all contacts on the sim . here 's how : contacts app -> menu -> view . uncheck all but sim , press ok . menu -> delete . menu -> select all . press delete . after a while all sim contacts are gone . now re-enable showing the phone and/or google contacts and you are good to go ! ( my phone uses swedish so maybe the menu items/buttons above have other similar names )
this may not be as easy as you think . the emmc is connected to the board with a ball grid array ( bga ) connection , which is pretty difficult to reconnect once removed . you can see photos of the chip and more discussion on the topic on this xda post . as for where the chip is , you might be able to find it on some teardowns , but my eyes did not catch it in ifixits photos .
answering my own question here . bottom line here is android users must manage their own pictures and videos storage . it is important to understand that the " gallery " application ( and probably the new alternative " photos" ) is not synced to google plus , they are merely backuped ; this means that gallery does not deletes ( leave a thumbnail ) least recent used pictures to save space ( as i mistakenly assumed ) . i , for one , will be using google plus application from now on to be able to access all my pictures and videos and will be deleting images as soon as they are backuped .
picking up my comment on the question : is it true that restoring a single package backup wipes all data on the phone ? no . as i suspected in my comment , the warning just relates to the settings of the app being restored , as they would be replaced by those from the backup . i used adb backup to backup a single app on one device , and restored it to multiple devices . i did not miss anything afterwards , all other apps ( and data ) remained untouched . it would not make any sense the other way , either . and carbon - app sync and backup could not offer to restore a single app , as it itself would be gone then as well : )
as you mention go launcher ex as your target launcher , you are lucky : there is a complete description on how to migrate your screens , which you can find at addictivetips . basically , this involves an app called desk migrate , which claims to copy home screens from one launcher to another launcher . according to the linked article , it seems do do a nice job . just one thing to keep in mind : desk migrate has been developed to work only with go launcher ex and supports copying from only a handful of launchers . ok , another lucky point for you : looks like adw . launcher was one of the 7 launchers the addictives successfully tested to migrate from -- lucky you !
yes you can do that . firstly enable the the developer mode by tapping the build number in about phone then go in developer options and then check force rtl layout
use llama . this is a free automation app like tasker , and it has the ability to modify the screen timeout . create a new event . add the condition OR (match any) . then add a condition for each Active application that you want to keep the screen active . click the back button , then add the action to change the Screen Timeout to never . you then have to create a second event that does the opposite . you create the OR (match any) condition , but this time select Active application and change the status option to App stopped or in background , and again do this for each app you did in the first event . set the Screen Timeout action to whatever timeout value you want normally .
yes there is : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.into.stability but if you do not have root , then it is a bit limited in features .
first of all make sure you have turned your gps ( if available ) and data connection turned on . this helps the device to get your precise location easily . when using the app , make sure that you do not touch your devices screen by mistake . this often happens even without you knowing it and causes the map to tilt , losing the automatic center alignment of your current position . now open the app and press . then the map will center to your current location . then tap the location icon again . now the location icon should move with you . tap the location icon again and then it will look like . now you should get a more driver friendly view with your location icon moving smoothly . happy driving !
start your device in safe mode and then uninstall the app that is causing problems . rebooting will exit from safe mode . here 's how to access safe mode in a few popular devices . htc devices with physical buttons : turn off your android phone . press the menu button on your phone . while holding down the menu button , turn on your device and keep pressing the menu button until you see the lock screen . “ safe mode should now be printed in the lower-left corner of your display . when in safe mode , android does not load any third-party apps , and you can uninstall the application that gave you trouble from settings > applications > manage applications . nexus one : turn off your nexus . remove the battery if it cannot be done the normal way . press the power button to start your phone , and right when the logo appears , press and hold the trackball . you should also be able to hold down the touch sensitive menu button at this point , if you prefer that . keep pressing until you see the lock screen , and you should now be in safe mode . motorola droid turn off your droid and slide open the hardware keyboard . press both the power button and the menu button on the keyboard simultaneously . keep holding down the menu key until you see the “droid eye” , and you feel your phone vibrate . your droid should start and say “safe mode” in the lower-left corner of the screen . samsung galaxy s power the phone off . turn the phone back on while pressing and holding the menu button . keep holding the menu button until the home screen loads . the lower-left corner should say safe mode .
as with most exchange activesync clients android implements a sub-set of features from various versions of activesync . according to the android 4 ( ice cream sandwich ) platform highlights , the email client supports eas v14 ( scroll down to the " improved email " section ) , in a comparison with gingerbread ( android 2.3 . x ) though you also need to take into account the android 3 ( honeycomb ) changes which while they do not specify eas changes did add support for policies for encrypted storage , password expiration , password history , and password complexity , all of which are eas features . there are probably more differences between versions than it is practical to keep up to date here , the wikipedia page comparison of exchange activesync clients has a pretty good table comparing feature support .
keep screen on during calls that setting is not available on all phones , but if it was it would be under : home > settings > call settings > [ display > ] . . . but as for the difficulty turning the screen on be sure that the power button does not end calls ( settings > accessibility > power button ends call : make sure it is unchecked ) then just pull the phone away and press the power button to turn the screen on .
sounds like your phone is using a different google account to attempt to log in to chrome-to-phone . try signing out from the chrome extension , and " disconnect " the phone from the android app and re-sign in to both .
xprivacy is not a stand-alone application . it is a module of the xposed framework , and thus utilizes the latter to achieve its goals . so if the xprivacy dev " reports in " , he might just say : " waiting for the xposed team to show up " . . . oh , if you do not wanna wait : head straight to the xposed thread at xda for all the details . the intro over there states : i extended the /system/bin/app_process executable to load a jar file on startup . the classes of this file will sit in every process ( including the one for system services ) and can act with their powers . and even more : i have implemented something that allows developers to replace any method in any class ( may it be in the framework , systemui or a custom app ) . this makes xposed very powerful . you can change parameters for the method call , modify the return value or skip the call to the method completely - it is all up to you ! also replacing or adding resources is easy . so in short and simplified words : xposed replaces some system resources to " expose " the system api , so other apps ( acting as xposed modules ) can use it . amongst those other apps is – tam-tam-tam-tam-tam – xprivacy .
i think you have misunderstood what vibration mode is . the sound control has three settings:- sound on : the phone will ring and vibrate normally . you can turn vibration on or off for each notification individually in that app 's settings . vibrate : the phone will still vibrate , but not make noise . in this state , any notification that would make a sound will vibrate instead . if the notification would have vibrated , it still does . silent : notifications and incoming calls will not cause vibration or noise . any notifications which have vibration enabled by the app will vibrate in either sound on or vibration mode : only silent mode will disable vibration . also , if vibrate when ringing is turned on in settings → sound , then incoming calls will make the phone vibrate in sound on mode as well as in vibration mode .
i asked this question to a friend and he suggested the audiomanager widget . it allows you to control volumes for alarm , media , alerts , ringer , system , and voice calls independently . it also allows you to toggle vibrate for alerts and ringer independently . so far , it seems to be a solid app .
there is an app called holiday alarm disabler . i have not tried it myself , but it has a pretty good rating at androlib . qr code for holiday alarm disabler :
re-install these official samsung drivers . uninstall current drivers by going into device manager . make sure to check off the delete drivers option if given . reboot . reinstall the given drivers above without connecting the galaxy s4 reboot . go ahead and connect phone and verify that in device manager samsung adb device or equivalent is shown . if it shows an exclamation mark on it or other problem , then in device manager right click on the driver , update , let me choose from a list and choose the correct android adb driver .
you do not necessarily need dlna for that , nor hdmi . wifi and the right app might do as well . take a look at e.g. remote gallery 3d , you cannot only have a slide show on your pc , but even manage your photos remotely . the app runs a web server on your device , which then can be accessed via any web browser ( i.e. . completely os independent ) . only requirement is flash capability . for a presentation , also have a look at youtube . this way you can even take your photo gallery with you when visiting friends or family : no installation on the pc required . so as long as wifi is available , you are fine . the app is free , so it comes without investing any extra money , as requested ; ) alternatively , you could setup a dlna server on your android device ( bubbleupnp would be a good choice for that ) . nex , you would need a client to access it from your mac ( take a look at this wikipedia list to pick one ) . start the server on your android device , then start the client on the mac . the client should automatically find and list your android device , and let you browse your media . what features are offered ( just pick single entries , make a slideshow , have background music played along ) depends on the client chosen . a third variant would be investigating in airplay . as that is apple 's own stuff , your mac should surely support it . there are a bunch or apps supporting airplay you could chose from ; not having a mac , i cannot be of assistance in this area . fazit by iliv : bubbleupnp is a very nice software . i am having a lot of fun trying out various combinations . one thing i learned this morning is that i can use vlc to browse and play all content on my phone : video , music and pictures . video playback intermittently stucks for a split second , very rarely , but it does . that is unfortunate , but i am wondering if it is a vlc or bubbleupnp issue , or maybe it is just that two do not get along well .
for some reason you are not successfully replacing the stock recovery ( the " yellow exclaimation-mark icon over a phone icon" ) with the new one they instruct you to download . step 7 is key : 7 ) type fastboot flash recovery recovery.img this is where they have you ' flash ' ( copy/format ) the modified recovery over the stock recovery . is this step working for you ? simply copying the ' rectools . tar . gz ' to your device 's storage or sd card is not sufficient . on a separate note , have you investigated other means of rooting your device besides manually flashing via adb ? my favorite guide is lifehacker 's , and if i read it right you might simply be able to use superoneclick . in any event , as always , tread lightly and read carefully .
summing up from the comments : no " reset " will ever roll back any system updates applied . for that , you would have to re-flash the original rom . for the device to show up with adb devices or fastboot devices , you must have your computer configured accordingly . if your computer runs windows , you will need a special driver ( koush 's universal adb driver might help you out here , in case you cannot find a specific driver for your devices ) . if it is linux , you might wish to consult my answer here , for a mac it might be similar . further helpful hints can be found via our adb tag-wiki . as you have multiple identic devices , some updated and some not , you should be able to utilize dd ( see also this wikipedia article for a starter ) to clone all partitions of one device and apply that to others . as partition structures are quite device specific , i cannot give you accurate details here ; a little research might be helpful especially on sites like xda developers . a custom recovery can be used for this as well : check out our nandroid tag and its tag-wiki for details on that .
the error seems like something regular . a google search reveals many places it is mentioned ( with a logcat ) , but almost nowhere it is commented on -- except for galaxy w constant error in logcat ( xda ) . a shame they removed the wakelock stats from *#*#4636#*#* service menu ( which would have offered you a quick way to check ) with gingerbread and up . you might want to look for some monitor app on the market ( there is e.g. systempanel which might prove helpful ) to figure out what keeps your device awake . in case this app does not provide the required information ( i already mentioned wakelocks being the most probable cause ) , there is another useful app : betterbatterystats ( also mentioned in the xda-link ) seems to bring back wake-lock stats . as a short and eased-up explanation : an app might request the cpu not going to sleep , but still not actually use the cpu , though - the android powermanager api provides an interface for this ) . so betterbatterystats should help you find the responsible app : for reference , here 's the link to the betterbatterystats thread on xda , including the app ( and its changelog ) as well as some closer explanation , especially on wake-locks .
goto the last tab which has three horizontal lines as its icon . scroll down a little and you will see most recent
in my experience , trebuchet does always reload the list . i just have to wait a couple of seconds . if it really does not , you can go to the applications section in the settings menu , select trebuchet and force stop it . that should force it to drop any state , including the widget list .
when i did the " note to self " , i was sent an email with the attachment ( i assume this is the function , i have never used it before ! ) . the attachment is the * . amr file that you can then download , and it will save it to download/RecordedMessage#.amr . after some searching , the original file is stored in phone memory , not external , at /data/data/com.google.android.voicesearch/files/RecordedMessage#.amr note that you could not find this file because you were not rooted , i used file x-plore and did a search in the entire Root section to find them . note : if you would like to delete them : with root : navigate to the aforementioned folder and delete them with your favorite root browser or adb without root : from the home screen , press Menu , select Settings then choose Applications-&gt;Manage Applications and select Voice Search from the list . on the app info page select Clear data . this will delete all data associated with voice search , including any recorded " notes to self " , but keep in mind , it may also erase any data recorded to better results on a user-by-user basis .
activating the 2g only option solved the issue , indicating a problem with the connection , as mentioned in the comments . another thing that solved it ( temporarily , until i install more apps i guess ) was reinstalling the os . i only installed few apps and the minimal pa gapps package ( contains only some indispensable apps by google ) , which presumably reduced the amount of background data send . overall battery consumption with 3g enabled is way lower than with only 2g before . i have also updated the radio firmware , though i can not confirm if it had any effect . it still seems to switch a lot between e , 3g , h and h+ but without any actual data traffic there is no noticeable impact on battery life . another suggestion i have found online somewhere is to use an app that switches to 3g only when particular apps like the browser is used and switches back to 2g otherwise .
thanks to this answer to this question is moving apps to sd only available to rooted devices ? . i have discovered the getInstallLocation adb command and set the install location to internal on my un-rooted phone . with the android sdk installed , and my phone connected via usb with usb debugging mode switched on , enter the following commands : adb devices ( check that adb can see my phone , and start necessary services ) adb shell ( connects a shell to the phone ) pm getInstallLocation ( returns 0[auto] ) pm setInstallLocation 1 ( sets the default install location to internal memory ) pm getInstallLocation ( run again to check that it is now set to the correct location , returns 1[internal] ) exit safely remove hardware , unplug phone and all done , without any need for root !
short answer you yourself cannot . but you can ask the developer to implement that . tl ; dr explanation in easy terms : an app itself must " register for this service " , which must be done in code . the " share picker " is not handled by apps directly – it is rather the system taking care for that . so it must be made known to the system if an app has something to contribute ( or can accept from ) here , and if so , for what actions/content types . for example , an url ( link ) basically is " normal text " ( consisting of characters ) , so it could be copy/pasted to other " text processing apps " ( notepads , word processors , etc . ) ; but it could also be passed to browsers or other link-sharing apps in a specific way . a video makes no sense to be copied into a text-based app , so when " sharing " it you would not like a notepad-type app to be in the share menu ( which otherwise would be really cluttered pretty soon ) . so an app must " tell " the system what type of " sharing content " it can accept , and it must provide a " standardized interface " for this which the system ( or rather its " share " component ) then can address . additional hints as your question was for a dictionary-type app : several other apps support those directly . so e.g. colordict ( my personal favorite currently ) is an online/offline dictionary app directly supported by e.g. moon+ reader ( my favorite app for reading ebooks – epub , mobi , pdf , and more supported ) . looking up a term even makes colordict blending in seemlessly . so apart from the " standard sharing option " of the system , there are also other ways to achieve things . but again , it is up to the developer to implement this .
i am actually not sure that the kernel version matters for this exploit . it was a bug that was patched in the platform_system_core repository , which i think comprises libraries and system files that live on in the /system directory ( the readme says as much ) . the patch was committed on july 19 , 2010 ( in the froyo branch , anyway ) . i would wager that any kernel with a build date later than that also has the updated system files , so the system would not be vulnerable . uname -a would tell you the build date of a given device 's kernel , but beyond that i do not know that you could really line it up with a specific kernel version , especially on devices from different manufacturers/carriers/etc .
you are right i just played with trying to set a dropbox image as my wallpaper , and can not believe that there is not an easier way . part of the problem seems to be that if you open a dropbox image , it is not sent to the gallery or the system default image viewer ( which would let you do things like set as wallpaper ) but dropbox uses its own ( html ? ) viewer . there are feature requests in dropbox 's " votebox " that are requesting features that would fix this . it is probably worth heading over there and letting them know that you had like this feature , this option looks like the most likely ( but you can just go to votebox and search for android to see all the relevant ones ) : add dropbox photos to android gallery update : if you download photos from dropbox , they do appear in the gallery in a folder called " photos " . now that they are in the gallery , you can set them as wallpaper the same as normal . you might need to force the media scanner to start before they will show up in the gallery , this previous question has options for forcing that to run .
after much searching for an answer , i found this in another forum . i use companionlink to sync my old palm desktop database to my s3 . the contact records come into the device showing as a phone record , but most times do not auto join to facebook and linkedin records . . . even if the names match exactly . i tried in vain on many records to join contacts by clicking on a contact then selecting the paperclip icon to join contacts . i would go through the motions and join the contacts , and get a confirmation that contacts were joined , even though it never actually happened . this solution below works ! it appears that the ' main ' way of getting this done ( at least with jelly bean ) has a programming flaw . hopefully it will be fixed when key lime pie comes out . in the interim , use this solution below . do this : open the settings for one of the contacts ( click on the " pencil " while viewing the contact ) put the cursor at the end of the contacts last name , like you are changing their name , and type a space ( hit space bar ) then it will bring up other similar contacts below . choose the account you want join by touching it and the phone will prompt you to join contacts . this method has not failed !
if you follow the method found in the lifehacker article , you would indeed need to root your phone , which would mean that you would not be able to receive ota updates , unless you were to later un-root your phone , going back to the stock firmware ( rom ) . you would not necessarily lose your current settings , but you would have trouble upgrading to jelly bean via an ota upgrade unless you un-rooted , as mentioned above . i am sure you would have to unlock your bootloader as well , prior to rooting , although i am not really familiar with your particular model of phone .
while looking around my android filesystem , i found that it did , in fact have a /etc/init.d/ directory . after peeking around in there , i found /etc/init.d/20userinit with the following lines : this being , of course , exactly what i needed , i wrote the following script on my computer then pushed it to my device : #!/system/bin/sh dropbear -s -g  ( pushed to device via scp userinit.sh phone:/data/local/userinit.sh , mind you : ] ) rebooted the device , then ran ps | grep "[d]ropbear" , and sure enough , it is running . coolness !
a lot of people are asking that question . here 's one . some people are offering bounties . like at xda-developers . some people have suggested alternatives . axcrypt looks like an alternative , and there is an alpha product that works with it ( and dropbox ) called boxcryptor . but i have not found an actual port of truecrypt to android , nor any information about plans to do so .
do as follows : go to Settings &rarr ; Applications &rarr ; Samsung Apps and then tap the clear data and clear cache buttons . back to all applications , find samsung apps and click on it . select now the correct country . note : the correct country should be where you currently are , or the country in which you registered first . try first country first , and if it is still does not work - simply repeat steps 1-2 above with the other country . hope it works for you !
install wireless tether app ( free ) if you are rooted . it features access control . means , you can use it to allow/deny ad-hoc clients for mobile data . ofcourse , for this . . it'll need to display connected clients . and , it works with galaxy nexus lte ! update : you can use fing - network tools , too . its clean way for your task .
first , you need to be aware of two facts : android uses more than one file system ( think of " multiple drives/partitions " when comparing with your computer while sharing a common base , directory structures might differ between manufacturers so as starting points , i further recommend the file-system tag-wiki and the partition tag-wiki ( you might also want to take a look at the most frequented questions using those tags ) . in my answer , i will concentrate on the mentioned " common base " . however , there still might be deviations made by some manufacturers . partitions as said , android makes use of multiple partitions . in the file system , they are represented by " directories " , which serve as their mount-points : ¹ details below ² virtual file systems ³ these might differ . often , /mnt/sdcard is the internal sdcard , while the external sdcard is found in /mnd/sdcard/external_sd . above list is far from being complete , but should hold the most important partitions . directories here i again will concentrate of the partitions which are most interesting ( or this answer would get far to long and , for most readers , boring . /data and /data/data these are in most cases two separate partitions , but there might be cases where this is handled otherwise . one thing they have in common ( add /cache here as well ) : they get wiped on a factory-reset , while the other partitions are usually left untouched by that . as for the directories contained , i will again concentrate on a selection ; most things here you either cannot touch without having your device rooted . ¹ for details on the dalvik cache , see : dalvik ² each app gets its own data directory assigned here , using the app 's package name . there might be a similar directory on your sdcard , mostly used by apps with larger amounts of data . ³ usually , files are stored here temporarily to be installed/executed . google play e.g. downloads .apk files to this directory , before installing the downloaded app on your device of course , i intentionally skipped several directories . if you really want to go into details , this site might not be the best fitting place ( as we deal with end-user questions -- and end-users normally do not touch these things ) . in that case , several places/ressources might be recommended : xda developers good technical books on android ( there is e.g. andrew hoogs android forensics and mobile security , which goes much deeper into details here ) where can i ask questions that are not android enthusiast questions ?
it would almost certainly void your warranty , even if you somehow managed to do it without rooting . they also probably would not work -- 2.3 introduced several features that are not present in 2.2 . and apart from google apps , many apps like gallery/etc . are device specific .
if you want to connect to your home pc from your phone , there is connectbot
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/apk_(file_format) apk files are a variant of the jar file format , which are built on the zip file format , with a . apk file extension .
it simply does not seem possible . on android , pictures are shown in imageview components , and this component does not support displaying gifs . on most android versions , you can not do it . maybe a custom contacts app can have the capability .
this is because the command you used to invoke heimdall was , heimdall flash --recovery and , heimdall is caps sensitive , try this instead . heimdall flash --recovery . /clockworkmod_6.0.3.2_jfltespr . img --no-reboot
edit : nevermind . turns out the rom manager installation on cm9 was not actually up to date , and apparently my backups were not all named consistently . it seems that rom manager uses the format : yyyy-mm-dd-hh . nn . ss while cwm recovery uses the format : yyyy-mm-dd . hh . nn . ss which is why they did not seem to sort correctly . updating and making the names consistent solved the issue .
ah well . it appears that the stock email app does not do sni . this means that in the initial connection to the server it was presented with another certificate it should discard ( but did not ) . it seems to me that this is a feature request for the email app , as other apps do implement sni . changing the apache ssl configuration to use sni with an initial certificate signed with the " gert van dijk ca " still did not solve it . logcat then showed : I/Exchange(12307): IOException while sending request: Cannot verify hostname: mail.mydomain.tld  setting mail.mydomain.tld as initial certificate solved it . i consider this an ugly work around until this has been fixed in the email app .
i have a similar setup with ipod classic ( 160 gb ) and asus transformer tf300t . i have yet to find a direct method to connect ipod to the tablet and sync via an app . as of now , the only way is via a computer . if you want to go the pc way , you can use isyncr for pc and sync playlists . isyncr also has an app for mac . however , i am not sure of pictures being synced via isyncr . another option is to export all the music via programs like floola to your computer and later transfer to the tablet .
power control plus will do this , and more . specifically for you , it will open up the settings page to toggle 2g/3g . however , it is not free . it will cost you $2 .
it is an lg bug exposed by a recent google chrome change : http://productforums.google.com/forum/#!topic/chrome/-ns44h44aqs%5b1-25-true%5d
download and run towelroot . it worked perfectly on my at and t s4 kitkat 4.4.2 sgh-1337 that i could not root before .
no . as far as i know , you will have to change them all manually . you may want to try out other alarm clock apps , though . i use alarm clock extreme ( free and paid ) , and while i can not batch update in that either , i can set defaults for every option for new alarms . if you really want a bunch of alarms to have one ringtone that can be updated later , you could use llama . one of the features in that app is that you can set a ringtone to a profile ( called a llamatone ) . then when you create an alarm , you tell it to use the llama ringtone ; llama registers as an option for ringtone selection . in the future , you only change the llama ringtone , and all the alarms will be updated . basically , you are creating an alias or shortcut . edit yes , you can ! if you have root , that is . the main alarm clock app keeps all of its alarms in a sqlite database . you can run a sql query to update them in one go . first , create a new alarm with the ringtone you want all other alarms to use . then run the commands below ( in bold ) . modify the alert to be the same as the alert you wish to use . sqlite3 /data/data/com.android.deskclock/databases/alarms.db sqlite&gt; .headers ON sqlite&gt; select * from alarms; sqlite&gt; update alarms set alert="content://media/internal/audio/media/58"; sqlite&gt; select * from alarms;
the " not compatible with this device " message encompasses more than just the os version . the play store also checks for other software and hardware components that the app 's developer listed as requirements . these components can range from a minimum screen resolution , to having particular hardware ( e . g . tegra 3 chipset ) . you can try searching for a given app on google play store website to get a better idea of the incompatibility .
i clicked format on the device , causing the sd card to show up again in windows . format thankfully did not actually format it - in the sense that it did not wipe the data . i only know this because i have installed the demo of zar , which has found image and video files to recover . my options now are to either buy the full version of zar , on the assumption that if it recovered images and video the other data is intact , or to find an alternative program that is free . edit : i am currently running photorec , which contrary to its name , has so far found mp3 files and a txt file to recover . i am hoping it is also able to read obscure or non existent file extensions , so that apps which had decided to locate themselves on the sd card can be recovered .
sparx 's suggestions seem pretty good . here are a few more ( also untested ) : genial handwriting myletter ( this one seems if-y ) graffiti for android ( very cool if it works because it converts the handwritten notes to text )
in astrid 's settings , under Reminder settings there is an option to turn Notification persistence on or off . this determines whether or not notifications can be cleared with Clear All button .
to answer your questions , yes - there is an app that will allow you to invoke the notification panel : exsbar allows you to assign the long-press search button or long-press camera button to this function . whether or not this is " an easier way " depends on you , the end-user . :- )
the second partition should be fat32/fat16 only because gingerbread does not support linking to ext partitions .
technically , cwm 6 is not doing incremental or full backups . what it is doing is storing " blobs " that are shared between backups if the data has not changed between the two . when you run a new backup , it reuses what it can . if you delete a backup set , you do not actually delete the data , and the next time you run a backup , cwm deletes any blobs no longer in use .
i have not found any app . but using a terminal emulator on a rooted phone with busybox i can use : netstat -p ( or any other command 's argument needed ) .
yes . tasker will do this . when you are setting up the state , choose " bluetooth connected " , then click the magnifying glass next to the " name " field . it will search for paired bluetooth devices . choose the one you want and configure states/actions . then do it again for the other bt device .
the prompt for the password is probably caused by one of those apps . try to remember the password you may have used for them . or else please provide a list of the apps you have tried . ( this can be achieved by going to the google play website and clicking on my apps . as a last resort you can restore your phone to it is factory settings by entering the recovery . to boot into the recovery press and hold power and volume up
on your phone 's home launcher , go to menu --> settings --> applications and look for anything that contains " carrier iq " , " iq " , or possibly " com . carrieriq . iqagent " if you are rooted , it appears that this app will check and see if it exists on your phone . the paid license key will also let you remove it from your phone . this app was made by trevor eckhart , the person who discovered this " vulnerability . " if you are not rooted , this app will attempt to detect carrier iq on your phone . and here is another app , by lookout , that will detect for carrier iq on your phone . also : if you are rooted and running a custom os , such as cyanogenmod , you should have no worries about carrier iq . carrier iq is bundled by the manufacturer/carrier and should not be included in a rom such as cyanogenmod as long as it is built from the aosp and is not a derivation of a manufactuer 's rom .
the bookmarks are kept in an sqlite database . there is no stock tool to modify them directly . i did , however , find an app that can rearrange the order of your local bookmarks : bookmark sort and backup an issue has been opened about this in allow user to arrange bookmarks in ics stock web browser .
save it as contact ; then when you want to use it -> navigate to it ; and choose edit before sending .
you have not specified the android version , but on tablets the difference is generally because the system bar ( or " combined bar" ) is 48px ( specifically , 48dpi , but in your case that is 48 real pixels ) and the apps are only considering available screen space when they report the resolution : portrait = 768 x ( 976 + 48 ) = 768 x 1024 landscape = 1024 x ( 720 + 48 ) = 1024 x 768 some references : what is the true available resolution of a 10.1 android tablet ? asus tf101 tablet status bar steals 48 pixels metrics and grids ( from developer.android.com; explains why 48 dpi was chosen for ui components )
no , it is not possible . how did i get such result ? as always i started to google this possibility but found nothing interesting . so i decided to check android browser source code . if you want you can download it by typing in console : git clone https://android.googlesource.com/platform/packages/apps/Browser  after 5-10 minutes ( i am not new in programming ) of looking repository i found 2 facts : 1 ) the homepage is saved as one String ( java type ) . 2 ) the homepage is opening by calling this function ( in Controller.java ) : @Override public Tab openTabToHomePage() { return openTab(mSettings.getHomePage(), false, true, false); }  so as you see ( if you know programming a bit ) it returns one tab , not several ( like List&lt;Tab&gt; ) .
yes , add both your account to settings > account , then you can choose which account to sign in to on the youtube app . make sure to sign out first swipe left , and tap on sign in you should be presented with an account chooser
i actually found this site http://viewsonic-gtablet-for-dummies.webs.com/ , reading through it , its great ! just what i need .
type ' ok map ' in search box and press enter .
open contacts , tap the name of the contact you want to set the distinctive ringtone , then open action overflow menu ( the three dots ) and tap " set ringtone " , select a ringtone different to default one and tap ok .
samsung sells replacement data cable .
it is widely believed that the nexus 7 's magnetic sensor works in an almost-identical fashion to ipads ' smart cover ; i could not find direct information about the n7 , but ifixit has a great teardown of the ipad smart cover that goes into detail of how it works . the nexus 7 has a magnetic sensor that can tell when a magnet of sufficient pull force is nearby . the sensor is located under the screen near the pogo plug on the bottom-lefthand corner , estimated to be 45mm up from the bottom left corner and 15mm in from the left side .
as you describe your samsung fascinate is running gingerbread , there is a rooting guide provided at theunlockr which you could try . it uses the odin tool to root the device , so you would need odin tool , samsung drivers , clockworkmod recovery , and superuser for this . install the samsung drivers first , then install clockworkmod ( which is where odin is needed ) . copy superuser to your sdcard , then boot into cwm ( turn off the device , simultaneously hold vol + + vol - + power ) . select install zip from sdcard , then choose zip from sdcard . chose the superuser file you have copied to your sdcard . let it flash , and reboot using the reboot system now menu entry . your device now should be rooted .
i finally found my problem . this might have been specific to my windows machine , but i am writing it down here in case someone else has the same problem . turns out i did not have a usb . inf file in my C:\Windows\inf directory . apparently some installers/uninstallers have been known to mess with that file . i found the tip in this thread while trying to figure out why my new mouse did not work . . . i copied the four files from C:\Windows\System32\DriverStore\FileRepository\usb.inf_amd64_neutral_153b489118ee37b8 over to C:\Windows\inf and re-installed the drivers and the security dialog popped right up on the tablet .
sure . just turn off audio notifications . that will not have any effect on the media volume . this will , of course , turn off the phone ringer , which you may not want .
encryption is done on the /data partition ( where all app-data is stored ) . however , /sdcard is sometimes encrypted too ( if the sdcard is actually internal memory of the phone i.e. not removable ) . if the sdcard is also encrypted , then you will be unable to flash rom 's from within recovery ( recovery can not read encrypted sdcard ) .
i just had this problem , and somehow i got this solved . what i did : entered settings -> applications -> manage applications . selected the market app , and " uninstall updates " . after that , i entered the market app again , and i was able to reinstall the app who got stucked . ps : i am not sure if this was just a coincidence , or this procedure works always , but it worked for me . ps2: my android version is actually in portuguese language , so i am not sure the option names i referred to above are correct in english .
one option : install adw launcher as your home application and set it as default from your home screen press Menu Button-&gt;More-&gt;ADWSettings to open adw 's settings select UI Settings-&gt;Main Dock Style-&gt;None to hide the bottom bar optionally , you can also select Screen Preferences-&gt;Hide StatusBar to hide the status bar at the top , which effectively makes your home take up the entire screen .
the primary purpose of easy mode is to make the customization and use of a smart phone simpler and easier ( usually for a first-time smartphone user or non-techy user ) . easy mode vs normal mode for android is quite similar to apple vs android --> apple is often simpler , but less customizable . if you just want to use your phone , easy mode will be easier for you . you will not have all of the same home screen customization options ( but then again , you might not need them ) . easy mode gives you 3 default home screens , a simpler settings menu , and a simpler camera interface . if you love customizing the crap out of your phone , do not use easy mode . you will then enjoy a full settings menu , fully customizable home screens , the full camera interface , and more . here are some resources i found for you on google ; ) http://www.samsung.com/us/support/howtoguide/n0000003/10091/120408 http://www.digit.in/mobile-phones/understanding-easy-mode-on-the-samsung-galaxy-s4-14698.html
sadly i can not give you a solution to your software problem ( due to the fact that i have not used a mac in a while ) but i can give some suggestions on how to move forward from your current state ( as far as development goes ) . there are two situations you might be in , i have possible solutions for both : situation 1: you do not need the drivers -as this article states " if you are developing on mac os x , it just works " meaning no drivers are needed . but there is still other things to be done ( instructions in article ) situation 2: usb is not going to work/i do not know what the problem with usb is . short term solution : package up your app in a . apk and throw that on your device . long term solution : look into connecting to your device over your network , from a quick glance this looks to be a good place to start : how can i connect to android with adb over tcp ? let me know how it goes , and if you have any questions .
there is no setting to do this . it would appear there is also no supported method for a keyboard developer to set where their keyboard is drawn ( see keyboardview on android . com ) .
actually the predictive search from the address bar sends the text you enter to google to provide the search predictions . for example , if you start to type " search " and get to " sea " it suggests " sears " , " seattle times " , " sean parker " etc . . .
the update is just a bug fix update , no new features . the lock screen bug that you mentioned allowed bypassing the lock screen for a short amount of time , details can be found for example on theverge or androidcentral .
well , after accidentaly deleting my su binary , i downloaded and flashed the zip from http://download.clockworkmod.com/superuser/superuser.zip .
ok , so i had a look at this thread and , as it suggests , i took the microsd out and put it back in again . now it works as before . smells like a bug to me ?
this problem is quite known for sometime for touchscreen devices . most of the times this happens when the screen is under some pressure during touchscreen recalibration after being woken up by the incoming call ( maybe being inside pocket , etc . ) . the only solution for you is to disable the option , power button instantly ends call by going into Settings -&gt; Accessibility -&gt; System if your screen becomes unresponsive to a call , just press the power button ( to lock your screen ) , press it again and unlock the screen ( with your pattern or pin , etc . ) then you will be able to answer the call . this solution is applicable to any situation where the screen is unresponsive .
each slot refers to a specific clock speed that your phone 's kernel allows ( in your case , 400mhz to 1.1 ghz ) . therefore , these clock speeds can vary between different kernels ( different values or even more slots ) . in the case of the droid x or droid 2 , you are stuck with the stock kernel due to the locked bootloader . i am more familiar with using setcpu . setcpu lets you manually choose which clock speeds you want your phone to run at . you choose a min clock speed , a max clock speed , and how you want it to scale ( ondemand , performance , etc . ) . you can also setup profiles with setcpu that allows your phone to run at certain clock speeds under certain conditions . for example , you would want to lower you clock speed when the phone 's screen is turned off . you may also want to lower the clock speed when your battery is below a certain battery % to try and pro long battery life as long as possible . if you are wanting to conserve more power , set the clock min and max clock speeds low . if you are wanting better performance , then set them higher . on my phone ( droid 1 ) , i use an undervolted kernel and typically run at a 250mhz min , 600 mhz max clock speed to conserve battery . if my answer does not fully answer your questions , leave a comment and i will try to help you further .
black is the default plot color for android , so this is the placeholder until the app completes it is layout operation . there are a number of things that can cause an app to have a delay here : performing a network call ( s ) . loading data from disk . garbage collection from other tasks . restoring a complex drawing . you can check to see if it is related to network latency by putting your phone in airplane mode and opening the app . if the app pops right up , the long delay is likely due to a network call that takes a while to complete ( and completes immediately as an error when there is no connection ) . the other three are trickier to test for . if it is garbage collection , you will likely only see the delay when other apps have been recently running and then switching immediately the misbehaving app . you can completely uninstall an app , including user data , and then re-install to see if it has something to do with your personal settings .
android has different ways for apps to give you information or get your attention , and they all have different names . app developers need to know the differences , and when to use each one , so they can code the correct behaviour in their apps . even as an end user , if you want to troubleshoot a problem , find which app is giving you messages , or describe some behaviour ( for example , when reporting a bug to a developer ) , it saves you time and confusion if you can call each thing by its correct name . notifications notifications are the most common feedback mechanism on android . they look like icons in the top-left of the screen ( the notification bar ) . on honeycomb and ics tablets , they instead show up in the system bar , in the bottom-right next to the clock . in jellybean and above , once you have expanded the notification drawer ( like in the screenshot ) , you can long-tap a notification to get a menu with one item , app info . clicking this item tells you which app is responsible for the notification . you can also stop this app showing any further notifications from that screen . some apps create notifications to advertise things at you . this is now ( since september 2013 ) banned under google play 's rules , so you should report as malicious any apps that do this , from the app 's page in the play store app . often your phone will play a sound or will vibrate with a notification , but not always : it is up to the app which created it . toasts a toast is a small message that shows up in its own box near the bottom of the screen , and disappears on its own after a few seconds . it is usually a response to an action you have just performed , but in fact a toast can come from any app , not just the one in the foreground . a toast can not interact with you ( you can not click on it or type into it ) , so there is no need to worry about it " stealing focus " like on a pc . there is no indication of which app created the toast . dialogs a window that appears , with buttons you can click or a list of options to choose from , is called a dialog box , or dialog for short . ( it is spelt the american way even in british english . ) they almost always relate to the foreground app . strictly speaking , from a developer 's point of view a " dialog " is any non-fullscreen activity window , but they are usually used for simple confirmations or choices , like in the screenshot . interstitials in the marketing world , an interstitial is a page or screen that comes in between two others . they are commonly used to show large-format ads in ad-supported apps and games : you click a button in the app , and an interstitial shows for a few seconds before you get to the next screen . summary next time you want to discuss or troubleshoot some kind of message that pops up on the screen , you will know what to call it , and you can make it easier for others to help you .
according to this forum thread and this bug report , it seems that there has been a regression regarding usb modes in the kernel used in 4,3 ( the version that you posted ) . it seems that there is a problem with that kernel specifically , but nothing else in the rom , that breaks usb host mode in some cases . there are a few possible solutions : flash a different android version . an update to 4.4.2 should fix things ( as it did for you ) . flash an alternative , third-party kernel and try your luck . you mileage may vary .
it is supposed to represent a hearing aid , and it means that hearing aid compatibility is enabled . afaik , this basically just increases call volume to make it easier to hear . it should go away if you go into the call settings and disable the hearing aid option . it'll either be something like Settings-&gt;Calls or pressing the menu button on the dialer to get into the call settings ( i think it varies some ) . supporting source , second source
yes it is perfectly safe . but u should be rooted to remove it . i have removed play-store on my galaxy fit a long time ago , reason being it always triggered the installation of google play services .
was your phone rooted ? i do not think whatever the problem was you are going to be able to get the app 's data back . you can re-download them , but that is all , i think .
as you already figured out , there is sshelper hosting its own .apk . but you might also wish to check with f-droid , and find out there are even more sshd 's to download without using google play store . edit : as it turns out , i was not aware f-droid also features forums , and the above are only forum links . to compensate : you can also find some ssh server apps on 1mobile , e.g. ssh server . the website allows you to simply download the .apk from your browser , no login required . other than with f-droid , i am not sure concerning their reputation , though . apart from that : in my experience , it is always worth checking the resp . dev 's website , where they sometimes host their own .apk files for download . if not , asking them helped me as well : )
use adb to install the applications . install the adnroid sdk ( https://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html ) . enable usb debugging in settings> applications> development . this process can be done even without enabling side-loading of apps . open a command prompt window and type : adb install app_name.apk 
this problem was resolved by upgrading to ice cream sandwich
you are absolutely correct with your assumption a factory-reset will delete all your apps and data ( as you also can find in the factory-reset tag-wiki ) . if you want to backup your contacts and sms , i am afraid there is no native way . while the contacts you could sync with google , the same cannot be said for sms . but if you take a look at google play , searching for the string " sms backup " you will find a lot of helpful apps . depending on your preferences , they can backup to your gmail account , or do it locally . putting both things together , a good choice seems to be super backup : sms and contacts , which cares for both and can save the backup to either gmail or your sdcard . and of course it has a restore function as well . btw : on most devices , you easily can backup your contacts with the native contacts app . it supports export to/import from vcard ( .vcf ) files ( just open its menu from its main screen ) . no cloud involved . so you had only need to check for something similar for your sms , if you are concerned about privacy and want to avoid having them in the cloud .
google supports photo syncing , but you can disable this . if you have google+ installed , disable auto backup . open the app 's settings , and go to Auto Backup &gt; OFF . disable google photo sync . on your phone 's settings , go to System settings &gt; Accounts &gt; Google &gt; username@gmail.com &gt; Sync Picasa Web albums . make sure sync is disabled . update 2013-11-22: as per damien golding , it is also worth noting that the settings of the camera must be checked . in his case , google photo sync was on in the Albums setting .
i resolved this on the mac by turning wifi off and then back on . on the win7 pc , running the network troubleshooter ( which i believe turned the adapter off and on ) also solved the problem . i believe it may be related to some state left over from a previous connection in both cases . off-topic : with a 4g ( lte ) signal , internet access was comparable ( maybe better ) to my 6mb dsl access at home .
i took a chance and bought a 32 gb card , class 4 . it works . i believe it is a zap or something . this post suggests 32 gb cards work . i would rather someone on this site said so though .
photosync ( sync to picasa ) might be your choice : photosync is tool for sync photos to picasa ( google photos ) . though limited , you can sync videos too . you can also sync photos among multi devices via picasa .
i would recommend another way of fetching rss feeds to your cell phone : synchronize news reader to your google account ( to read news from google reader - it should be available there ) from your ' big ' computer add this url ( stackexchange-url to your subscription in google reader . you should see news from android . se in your news reader after its next sync with google reader .
your three options are probably : downgrade maps use the browser-based google maps ( perhaps in incognito mode if you are paranoid ) use some other map application regarding osm , i think they do not have an official app , so you could also try to use an app that uses their data . the osm web site allows address searches , so that may just not be implemented in the app you are using . there is a bunch of osm compatible apps and their features listed here .
if it is the same people ringing you regularly what you could do is : add them as a contact , under ' ignore1' , ' ignore2' etc . whenever they ring go to contacts -> select ' ignore1' -> options ( or action menu ) -> select ' all calls to voicemail ' or if you do not like this method then you could try : mr . number : text , call and block ( free ) extreme call blocker droid ( paid )
your screenshot suggests you simply uninstalled those apps . in tb , hit the menu button , select " batch processing " , scroll to the end of the list . there you will find " delete backups " . second item in that section should read " delete backups of uninstalled apps " ( or the like -- i run a localized version , was just back-translating ) . that should get you rid of those " striked " entries . for more details ( as well as solution to other tb-related issues ) , you might want to visit the titanium backup knowledge base , which provides you with a user 's guide , faq , troubleshooting tips , how-tos , and more . as for the one circled entry , the linked knowledge-base a.o. states : you can easily remove orphan data by running the “remove orphan data” batch job .
i initially installed cwm v5 ( as zip from cwm site ) , but that appears mount the internal sd card memory with root permissions only . i finally tried cwm 6.0.4.5 ( again as zip , not from cwm site ) . the zip failed verification , so i could not install it . however , in v5 , there is an option to ignore that , so i was able to run v6 . it seems to run fine so far , and the storage is mounted correctly , and i can now pull with adb ! so - solution : - boot into stock recovery - install cwm v5 ( from cwm site ) from sd card ( as zip ) - use that to install cwm v6 from sd card ( as zip ) - then use adb to pull /storage/sdcard0 . ( adb will not preserve time stamps , but you can do a " ls -lare " if you want particular file stamps so in this way i was able to retrieve the contents of the internal sd card . full details http://www.sciencemedianetwork.org/blog/20140304_samsung_galaxy_s2_data_recovery however , after factory reset , the phone still does not boot . follow up question here : complete reset of sgs2 ( factory reset not sufficient )
use oilcan - " greasemonkey on steroids for android " .
resetting to factory settings removes all personal settings , data and installed apps from the phone . it does not uninstall operating system updates and does not remove apps that your manufacturer or service provider have included in the system . it also ( normally ) does not delete data from your sd card . installing operating system updates on an android phone overwrites the previous version of the android operating system and does not keep any of the old os files . it is the same as if you upgraded a windows vista pc to windows 7 , you can not go back to vista on that pc without finding the original install disks , as it has overwritten and deleted the old vista files . the only way to go back to the previous version is if your manufacturer/network has made a copy of the old os files public that you can download and install .
basically , you can back up everything which has a " data provider " available -- as e.g. contacts , call-logs , sms , and the like . if you search the playstore for " backup " , it will give you a lot of apps for that . one of the best non-root backup solutions for this probably is mybackup pro , which covers most of it -- though there are a lot of apps offering to backup/restore parts . most other app 's data cannot be backed-up , however . some of them provide possibilities to export their settings ( and import them at a later point ) , others have dedicated backup apps ( i remember e.g. something like that for angry birds ) . for contacts and calendar , there is also the possibility to sync them with your google account . i would not , however , rely on the " google backup " for other things , as it is often reported to unsuccessfully restore . for that case , there are extra measures one can take . the easiest would be to logon to appbrain with your google credentials , and sync your installed apps . appbrain then allows you to save that as a list with their service : you can then use this list to restore all apps you put into it -- or you could even send it to a different device ( even a different user 's device ) for a " mass install " . in case you had some apps installed which are no longer available on the playstore , you could also take a look at appmonster : in its payed ( pro ) version , it also allows batch-install . plus , it captures each app you install/update and saves a copy -- which can be useful in the future as well : if some update breaks a functionality , you can ask appmonster to simply restore a previous ( captured ) version . and though this currently does not affect you ( as your android version is lower than 4.0 ) , just to mention for other users ( and your possible future device ) : starting with android 4.0 , there is the possibility for a full backup of non-rooted devices ( rooted users always have this possibility with titanium backup ★ root ) . data stored on your sd card should not be affected by the factory-reset .
try these : download the android sdk , and try the driver inside the sdk . check out this link : android lenovo adb interface driver
if you go through your apps list you can see all the apps that have permission to send texts ( or you could use appops to save having to click on every app ) , you can then narrow it down based on how reputable the app is , and/or doing web searches , once you thing you have narrowed down the app you can either , uninstall the app or block the permission using app ops , however if it was text secure that was the offending app , then you wont be able to tell as it has already been uninstalled .
no , they are run completely separate and exclusive from each other , not something that'll completely replace the data within your existing contacts . . . although they can be merged so that it displays one contact instead of two ( again , it still will not physically combine the data ) . that way , you can have their profile pic as a contact icon and even their birthday , phone number , email in one place if they have it on their profile . it'll try to merge automatically if the name + phone number or email from your google contact matches what they have in facebook , but it'll have to be manually merged if it does not .
make device as root go to xda-developers . com - seeder topic install last seeder apk on your device run it and then your device should work better .
not really sure about the tablet version , but in the current mobile version you need to swipe on url bar .
if you can get to recovery you should be able to flash the full factory image which will restore your phone to completely stock . download the full occam factory image , which includes the full system , bootloader , recovery , kernel ( boot . img ) , and radio . it is a clean slate for these components - they will flash cleanly over anything you have now . you can run the bundled script called flash-all ( in which case it will run all necessary commands for you ) or you can unpack the tgz ( tar/gz ) archive , and then the zip contained within as well . this will put all the components into one folder : then run the following commands : adb reboot bootloader fastboot flash bootloader bootloader* . img fastboot reboot-bootloader fastboot flash radio radio-mako-m9615a-cefwmazm-2.0.1700.84 . img fastboot reboot-bootloader fastboot flash system system . img fastboot flash boot boot . img fastboot format cache fastboot reboot fastboot flash userdata userdata . img note : this command will wipe your device ( including /sdcard ) , even if your bootloader is already unlocked . note : instead of unpacking the image* . zip and flashing system and boot manually , you can actually do fastboot update image* . zip - this will not delete data ( you would pass a -w flag if you wanted that to happen ) , but it will re-flash recovery back to stock if you were running a custom one . you can then flash it back , or just use the commands above instead . either way , the result will be the same .
it appears to be a touchwiz/sgs3 feature . a post on xda developers suggests freezing contextawareservice . apk if you had like to disable it , but no way to edit the list . another post suggests that a more recent release ( lfb ) has options related to this ( settings -> accessory -> audio applications ) , but does not expand on whether or not you can edit from there .
this is pretty hard to do with software , since there are delays in the audio stream . the transmission from you phone 's bt to the headset can take up to 200ms , and the same for the reverse . therefore before sending the audio from the mic to the recipient , up to 400ms of audio would have to be sampled and cancelled , assuming that the bt connection is stable . usually this is done in the bt headset itself , but , as you said , it is a cheap chinese headset , so the circuits for this have been left out . as far as i know , the only settings in android regarding noise cancellation support only on-board noise cancellation mics . as for the muting solution , some phones use compression to boost the mic strenth , which will raise the noise levels when the person is silent . this would cause the mute to be always on .
it turns out that , they were all in the lost . dir folder with arbitrary names ( numbers ) -- so taking them from lost . dir folder and rename the files in that folder with.jpg extension recovers the images . for whom interested .
i gave up and returned the phone to the guy i bought it from on ebay , saying it was faulty . my conclusion was that it was an intermittent hardware fault .
no , it does not matter at all for recovery . just make sure that if the odin package contains anything beside cwm ( e . g . , a kernel ) that the versions match . i have used a voodoo kernel with built in cwm for replacing 3e recovery , and the kernel had to be 2.2 to match my 2.2 os . that said , you could actually flash a mismatching kernel with cwm as long as you already had the cyanogen package on your device and ready to install . you had be able to get into recovery and flash the package even if your os would not boot .
sounds like you need to delete the widget , clear the data and cache for contacts storage , re-sync , and re-add the widget . that should get rid of bad data that is likely screwing things up .
i updated my rom to a cm variant ( slimbean to be specific ) and found this in the settings this worked for me . thanks bassmadrigal for the comment . from that i came to know of cm . my friend usually takes care of my rom , but now i see that cyanogenmod is an awesome fork of android custom rom . can i go ahead and accept my own answer therefore ? : )
found it . i messed around with adb logcat , adb shell dumpsys and titanium backup 's freeze feature . i have succesfully narrowed it down ( on my device ) to an app called " pullups 2.04" by " northpark " from the play store .
if you go to the bottom of the search results page , you will see something like ( View Google in: Mobile | Classic ) , you can click on " classic " to view the current search result in desktop version of google , which of course have the ' cached ' link .
quoting from @chahk 's answer to another question : longer boot-up and shut-down times when the system mounts/un-mounts all of the apps stored on sd card . apps that were moved to sd card are not stored in plain sight to prevent rampant piracy . instead , android sets aside some space and creates a virtual partition for each app that you move . this means that at the initial boot-up , all these virtual partitions need to be mounted before apps stored on them can be accessed . the same holds true when you turn the handset off - each virtual partition is un-mounted before other shutdown processes can happen . depending on the number of installed apps this can take an extra minute or even longer for the system to " stabilize " upon boot-up ( and about 20 extra seconds for shutting down . ) once this happens though , launching these apps does not take any longer than those on internal memory .
there was a recent ( around 5-oct-2011 ) update of the offical google docs app , with the following changes : what is new in this version : optimized experience for tablet users , honeycomb ( android 3.0+ ) new 3-panel interface for improved browsing details panel showing a thumbnail and sharing information improved sharing experience with autocomplete system landscape or portrait mode improved video playback maybe it fixes the problems you described . i am sure google will further work on the tablet compatibility of the google docs app , it is just a matter of time .
home screen up to 7 home screens , with the ability to add and remove screens at will , and drag them around to change the order ( pinch zoom the home screen ) customizable dock area at the bottom of the home screen , allowing you to add/remove up to 4 apps . apps list ' screen at a time ' sideways scrolling apps list rounded square backgrounds added to all app icons in the app list ( see here ) pre-installed apps ( or apps present during the last os upgrade ) are in alphabetical order , new apps are added at the end in the order they are installed . home button holding the home button brings up a list of 6 recently used apps , along with a task manager button holding the back button and tapping the home button takes a screenshot on the galaxy s , for the galaxy sii use power + home samsung widgets these are home screen widgets that samsung include , and are in a separate samsung widgets category pre-gingerbread , post-gingerbread they are in the main android widgets list with the word " samsung " under them instead of " android " . exact widget selection varies depending on os version and network . accuweather clock buddies now ( messaging shortcuts for nominated contacts ) calendar clock daily briefing ( news , weather , stocks , social media updates ) days ( create new entries in the diary app ) dual clock feeds and updates program monitor y ! finance clock samsung ( and other ) bundled apps samsung allshare ( dlna ) fm radio ( for models with hardware fm radio ) kies air ( shares phone data , and allows control of some phone functions over wifi to a pc web browser , first pre-installed with gingerbread , available in samsung app store for older oss ) memo ( notepad app ) mini diary ( create diary pages with daily details , memos and photos ) my files ( file manager ) samsung apps ( samsung 's own app store , currently only free content in there , but some of the apps are normally paid or ad-supported on the android market ) social hub ( messaging app combining email , sms and social networks ) task manager thinkfree office modified apps contacts ( history and activities tabs , linked to social hub and social network account updates , showing recent posts by contact and recent interactions with them ) gallery ( interface to select either scrolling wallpaper or static , portrait wallpaper ) music ( disc view interface added , allowing sideways scroll through albums showing the artwork on a " cd " shape ) videos ( extra codec support divx/xvid in particular ) region specific touchwiz features throughout most of europe and asia , samsung 's mobile tracker feature is included in the security settings allowing remote password setting , tracking and wiping of mobiles registered on the http://samsungdive.com website version specific touchwiz features eclair ( android 2.1 ) - touchwiz included wifi tethering as a standard feature before it was brought to the main android os in v2.2 . ( except where noted , all from touchwiz 3 on a gingerbread galaxy s )
yes . few years ago , google apps services were separate from normal google services . even cookies were different and compatible to each other . from last year , all google apps accounts are normal google account ( you will have to sign out from normal google account if you want to sign in with google apps account in a web browser ) . and , it supports android too . i have tested it .
i found it ! the answer was in pit file , because as it says here : you will only need to use this if a firmware update needs to change your partition layout ( very very unlikely ) or if you mess up you partition table ( you don’t want to do this ) which is definitely my case . so , i tried that gt-i8190n and gt-i8190 should be used with different pit files ( i tried to use for gt-i8190 one ) . so i found long list of pit files here .
no , you can not . those roms are intended for those devices only . flashing a rom that is not compatible with the device can brick the device . you should wait for 4.4 roms for your devices .
you can read more about google 's terms of service for using google maps apis or google earth apis . that should define the legalities of using their data . the apis are used by 3rd-party application developers so they can use google maps/earth data in their applications . they can build on top of that , providing additional functionalities . ( e . g . foursquare used to use google maps , for their check-in app ) . however , there is a limit to how much data a 3rd-party application can use/access for a given period of time . beyond that limit , 3rd-party application developers have to pay . this is similar to the limit that twitter has for 3rd-party twitter clients ( like falcon pro , which recently reached this limit ; thus , not being able to display twitter feed in their app ) .
usually apps require internet access for ads , analytical data , or for sending bug reports/stack traces back to the developer . other reasons might include using google 's licensing servers to validate legitimate copies of apps with android market purchases ( google 's licensing servers use the check_license permission ) . similarly , some developers produce their own keys and license servers ( prior to google 's implementation ) . for instance , i am the developer of a tipping calculator app . it requires the internet permission to send analytical data back to me via flurry . one day i plan to add this remote stack tracing program for more detailed errors ( but i have not yet because so far my app has not really generated any bugs/errors ) . but the value of this information is worth asking for the internet permission . i can see exactly how many users of what android os are using my app and what are the most popular phones using my app . however , i also give users an " opt out " in the settings if they choose to not send me this information .
go check " plug in music widget " at android market . it is working with google music and free .
as it turned out : with adb.exe not being in the %PATH% ( or $PATH for linux/mac users ) , the batch file was not able to find it . so there are 3 solutions to it : fixing the batch file to look in the very same directory fixing the %PATH%/$PATH to include the directory changing into the directory the batch ( and adb ) files are located in , and running it from there for a one-time run , #3 is the easiest approach : open a command shell ( on windows via the start menu , open a cmd – on linux via alt + f2 and entering e.g. xterm ) change to the directory ( using the cd command with the directory as argument ; on windows , you might need to switch to the correct drive letter before ) run the batch/shell script from there if you need that script more often , it might be worth trying one of the other two approaches . not being a windows user , i do not know where exactly to add the PATH information there ( afair it was in " environment variables " somewhere in the settings of the control center ) ; on linux you can just do so in your $HOME/.profile or $HOME/.bashrc , adding a line like export PATH=$PATH:/where/is/adb  ( of course using the correct path instead of /where/is/adb ) . fixing the script/batch is a little beyond the scope of our site : )
i found that device https://sites.google.com/site/bobjgear/android-ethernet-adapter i think it is the solution . if you have some specific tablet like xoom you can use ethernet with that specific adapter
this is the real issue cyrus had ( we tracked it down via interactive chat ) : the phone has obviously some race condition between plugging usb in and usb ready . plugging in basically gives 2 events : power connected event ( start charging battery ) usb connected event ( enumerate devices etc . ) if the host system asks for usb enumeration too quickly ( before the power-connected event has settled probably ) , then that operation fails and the device stays invisible . the workaround is to slowly insert the usb cable . reason : usb has 4 pins , the 2 outer ones are +/- and protrude longer than the inner 2 data pins . if inserted slowly , there is a time gap between the power-connected event and the data-connected event
simply , no you can not . you can install an app that will give you another way to lock phone , like lockbot . of course , rooting will solve the problem . . .
try super bt mono . it does not explicity say that it works for non-ad2p headsets but i believe that is the whole point of the app . there would be no need for this app with a headset that has ad2p . edit : whoops , that is for froyo only and you are on eclair . basically you need to find an app that will stream audio over the hsp profile instead of ad2p but i could not find one for you . you have 3 options as i see them : get android 2.2 on your phone and try super bt mono froyo pro root your phone , load cyanogenmod and try super bt mono pro buy a headset that supports ad2p ( they can be as cheap as $30 ) sorry i could not help more .
the answer is almost certainly yes . someone could probably get past it in one way or another . ( they could probably just use odin on a samsung device for example . though i have never done something like that myself . ) if you have sensitive data on there then a remote wipe might be the best thing . did you report it stolen with your carrier ? they could report the esn / imei as stolen so at the very least the thief probably would not be able to sell it . of course i do not know your exact situation . if you know for sure it was stolen and not lost could the police recover it from the thief ? either way best of luck to you .
it is a configuration that must be active to give you that information , usually it is used when you are driving , to prevent accidents : turn off the voice notifications : go to settings menu click on " voice input and output " option select the option " text-to-speech settings " . uncheck the driving mode setting . from the user 's manual driving mode : activate driving mode to provide audible notifications for incoming calls , messages , or event details . change alerts on call settings : settings call settings all calls alerts on call change from " voice " to " vibration " or " off " etc
the solution : enable animations http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=40019
android does not natively use any software to sync or perform syncs with your computer . it syncs with your google account services in the cloud . you can sync certain things with your computer in different ways and it all depends on what and how you are trying to sync , but generally , linux machines work just fine with android . if you want more detailed answers try being more specific about what you want to do ( sync your contacts with thunderbird , or sync you music . . . ) .
there is an application called root uninstaller pro 2.7 , with the sole purpose of allowing users uninstall either system or regular applications . to download it to your phone via wap : visit http://wap.mobiles24.com on your wap enabled handset select download by id and enter 552004 click download item other links : root uninstaller pro 2.7 android app apk google play :: root uninstaller pro ( small price )
yes , your phone supports two ways to export its internet connection via bluetooth : dun-gw ( dial-up networking gateway ) pan-ap ( personal area networking access point ) see also this question ( its answer about bluetooth ) . in short : pan is supported from android 3.0 onwards as client . android &lt ; 3.0 users may have luck with wireless tether for root users . dun is not supported out of the box , there are apps though . go for pan if it works for you ( dun requires parameter and possibly eats more battery ) .
i finally managed to sort it out last night . some of the steps are redundant . boot in recovery mode format all paths visible in boot and mount ( possible redundancy here ) back to first level of menu , wipe factory clean , erase cache ( redundant imho ) go to advanced -> clean dalvik cache install the latest nightly of cyanogenmod ( for lack of a more stable release ) install their gapps ( even if the note 2 is not in the list of supported devices - if i read the table correctly ) i have done bits and pieces of the points before - but only all of them put together allowed me to have a working phone ( like i said before , there were lots of leftovers from previous experiments ) .
you can also install the software directly from the android market . but you will not be able to start it easily . you can use adb to start the app as described here i recommend myphoneexplorer . you will also need to install the desktop program and then start the app on your phone as mentioned in the link above . be mindful of any optional toolbar that might ask to be installed on your desktop though . update : i did not need to start the app on my phone , merely connecting the cable was enough . galaxy s2 on gingerbread 2.3.3 ( rooted , but that should not be a factor ) .
no , it does not unzip the package every time . the dalvik-cache is where is stores the cache of the the dex ( the dalvik executables ) files . i know system apps are cached when the device is first booted , if the cache does not exist . user apps , if i had to guess , would be done when installed or first launched . after it is cached , it will not have to update that cache until the application is updated , which is why i think it happens in the install process . but it is also possible to just read the manifest from from the apk and see what version it is when it is launched . if the version is different then the version in the cache , it could re-cache it . edit i want to build on this a little . i just cleared my dalvik-cache and rebooted my device . watching the device logcat through ddms while it booted shows that it does system apps and " users " apps at boot up . the packagemanager " collects " the certs of the apk . then it unpacks the apk . the packageparser stores any permissions that the apk has . so these steps are done when the device boots ( if the apks changed since the last boot , or the dalvik-cache was cleared ) . but this same process would be completed when the apk is installed , since the packagemanager and packageparser are the ones that handle the process . edit2 this is not just the " run " process , this is what happens when the app is installed . the dalvik-cache acts as sort of the " registration " of the application . but during install , the app also registers with the system any " receivers " that it has . these are like the listeners for specific actions that happen , what type of links it handles , things like that . there is not a registry like the windows registry , but yes , the os keeps track of the applications that are installed , and the actions that can launch the application .
answer : you can use freex3d : vrml , x3d , stl viewer by john alexander stewart available from google play store : freex3d is a 3d vrml/x3d and stl viewer for android . new - anaglyph rendering option for 3d viewing of your 3d files ! freex3d allows the user to browse local stl , vrml 97 and x3d files , and to view these files on their android gles-2 capable device . you can rotate or zoom stl files ; x3d files you can walk , or examine , as defined by the spec . use one finger to rotate or walk , two to zoom or move in +-z , depending on navigation mode set . this version works on android 2.2 and above . it requires opengl es-2.0 , which is available in all modern phones/tablets , and most released over the last couple of years . related curiosity : there is also an interesting project that worth mentioning , called x3dom for free on android devices that support webgl : x3dom ( pronounced x-freedom ) is an experimental open source framework and runtime to support the ongoing discussion in the web3d and w3c communities how an integration of html5 and declarative 3d content could look like . it tries to fulfill the current html5 specification for declarative 3d content and allows including x3d elements as part of any html5 dom tree .
i am not too keen on the why , but sh on cyanogenmod is a bit watered down . as joachim noted in the comments , usually you can modify PS1 to change your prompt , but it does not properly expand prompt variables : however , cyanogenmod does ship with a modified version of sh called ash ( i believe this is for android shell ) , which does support a subset of these prompt variables . here 's some examples of what does and does not work , with local echo removed for the sake of clutter/space : as for tab-completion : i do not personally know of a way to make this work . i imagine the main problem is actually that the adb shell buffers input up until you press enter , so the tab is not actually sent to the shell program when you hit it . a good illustration of this is to open a file with more . the q key exits the more program , but you actually have to press q and then hit enter to quit because the initial q keystroke is not sent until you press enter to send the whole buffer . okay , ssh is a different beast . assuming you have a reasonably sane client ash will give you tab-completion along with the prompt variable expansion noted above . if you are using dropbear ( the ssh daemon that ships with cyanogenmod ) then you can configure ash to be the default prompt by logging into your device ( either ssh or adb shell works here ) and doing the following : # echo "/system/xbin/ash" &gt; /data/dropbear/.profile  this assumes /data/dropbear/.profile does not yet exist , because it will overwrite any existing version ( this file is not created automatically , though ) . it can be edited instead if the file already exists , of course . then restart dropbear and log in again . you should land at an ash session :
the sound someone hears when they call a phone is dependent on the person they are calling . this is why , no matter where in the world you are , when you call a us number , you get the us " ringing " tone , whereas if you call a european number , you get the european " ringing " . the providers of the person you are calling are what provides the ringing tone . some carriers , like verizon , offer the ability for you to set tones for others to hear , usually for an added monthly fee . verizon would essentially answer the call and play the music while it continues to try and reach you . once you answer ( or it is sent to voicemail ) , then the music would end and verizon would connect the call on their end . this might be manageable on the phoen via an app from verizon , but you would be changing their settings for your phone number that is stored on their servers . nothing locally on the phone is capable of changing what the incoming caller will hear for a ringtone .
a software update fixed this problem . must've been a bug in opera mobile .
watchdog will monitor your phone 's performance and alert you of issues . here 's a quote from the lifehacker article on watchdog . watchdog runs in the background , watching for apps to start using more than a certain percentage of cpu power that you specify ( with a default of 80 percent ) . when it notices an app going out of bounds , it notifies you and offers options to kill the app , ignore it , or add it to your " whitelist " of pay-no-mind programs . by default , watchdog does not use much power itself , only checking in every two minutes or so , but you can make it run more real-time if you had like to really pin down a problem you know is happening .
i found that the following sequence works : while on , run adb reboot recovery from command line . this will restart into standard android recovery . ( if your device is not seen , start at #2 and come back . ) take battery out . unplug usb . hold power down for 10 seconds . ( someone theorized it discharges the capictors . ) plug usb cable in . put battery in . this starts the phone up automatically for some reason . it then loads clockwork recovery automatically . i do not know why this works and clockwork recovery did not provide a standard method to start . this would work in the middle of a failed install of cyanogenmod . after a flash to a stock sbf rom , it no longer worked .
in android 2.2 's stock keyboard , a long press on space bar then swiping left or right should allow you to switch between languages you selected on Settings &gt; Language &amp; Keyboard settings &gt; Android keyboard &gt; Input Languages &gt; Select Multiple Languages . note that it depends on your manufacturer , carrier , and rom whether your phone will have the dictionary for the languages you want to use .
the problem is solved by restarting the phone .
/system is almost always read-only by default . just remount it as r/w : # mount -t ext3 -o rw,remount /dev/block/mmcblk0p25 /system  there is also at least one app that will attempt to do this for you , but it may not work on all devices . another option is to use adb root ( if your rom will allow it ) to restart adbd as root , then simply issue adb remount . on roms where adbd is already running as root , the first command is unnecessary and adb remount will work right off the bat . from a pc : C:&gt; adb root * Some response about success * C:&gt; adb remount Remount succeeded  as to why it is getting blown away , is your device nand unlocked ? many htc devices will attempt to restore their /system partition to a stock state if they are nand locked , making changes to /system fleeting at best . that is something of an educated guess , but the fact that you noted that you are using visionary to temproot seems to support that hypothesis .
if you are using stock keyboard , then go to the symbols ( ? 123 , bottom left ) , then press alt ( alt , vertically second from bottom left ) , the pipe character is third from top-left . if on htc ime , then go to symbols ( 12# , horizontally second from bottom right ) , go to the second page ( 1/2 , horizontally second from bottom left ) , the pipe character is the fifth character in the third row , and the broken pipe character is the sixth character in the second row .
as long as your device is allowed to install apps from unknown sources ( check settings ) , there is no need of data plan to install amazon appstore . carriers do not ( and , can not ) lock every third-party app to promote their data plan . in fact , it may become a legal issue for them . amazon appstore is not exact copy of android market , but it has really a large no . of app collection , thanks to e-commerce giant . its the only app store for android which could compete with official android market . in fact , its a threat for android market .
the facebook app ( at least as of july ) simply does not support the transformer . it is pretty bad on a tablet anyway , and i do not even use it on my xoom . however , some solutions you could try include : try to download facebook from a different app store ( amazon , slideme , etc ) . you may also be able to use market enabler , though i am not sure if it will bypass device restrictions . there is a question that discusses this already . you could try the about:debug trick to switch your useragent to " desktop " . that is discussed here . this works on my xoom and allows me to view the chat bar . you can install opera mobile and then go into the settings and select the " desktop " user agent ( press the " o " button , then Settings-&gt;Advanced-&gt;User Agent ) . this also works on my xoom . other browsers also allow you to switch the user agent string , so these may also work ( dolphin , for example ) . you can use a third-party im client like trillian , which supports facebook accounts . facebook chat is , i believe , xmpp under the covers , so other chat clients will probably also work . if you want a tablet-oriented facebook app , i recommend friend me , though it does not currently support facebook chat . friendcaster also has a beta version for tablets that you can try out .
i was able to get a fix by doing the following : remove any rubber-case or any case for that matter as most of them affects the reception of the gps transceiver go outside . do not attempt to do this inside your house . go to settings -> location and turn on " use wireless networks " and " use gps sattelites " . ( connect to your wireless network now ) download and install the " gps status and toolbox " app . launch the app . press menu -> tools -> manage a-gps state press reset press download reboot your phone ( not sure if this is necessary ) . re-launch the app ( make sure that both gps and network are turned-on ) leave your phone ( while the app is running ) in a place with clear line-of-sight for about an hour . watch a movie , drink coffee , whatever . just leave it for an hour . btw , you should see a few satellites after 30 seconds but without locks ( no long/lat ) . after an hour , you should get a lock if there is at least one satellite . after your first lock , it will be faster ( a matter of seconds to a minute ) to get your next lock . and oh , you no longer need to use " wireless networks " on your consecutive locks so you can just turn that off . good luck !
jit typically causes an app to use more ram due to the jit cache , although android 's jit was specifically designed so the additional memory usage was minimal ( compared to a typical java jit ) . on phones that are already very ram-starved to begin with , jit may result in a decrease in performance .
i would suggest trying an app like audio manager . i have not tried it on ics myself .
most of these properties are in /system/build . prop ( or a file like that ) . but i believe the android.os.build.serial is actually set when the device first boots . the system gets the device serial number and adds it to the properties . i actually found a commit in some cyanogenmod code that you can see how exactly it is set : ( now this does say it is somewhat of a hack , but it is set when the device boots ) . from git : 57| sprintf(buf, "ro.serialno=%s", serial); 
a service like dropbox should be able to do this for you . it'll sync the files up to the web , and then your pc ( with dropbox installed ) should pull them down .
weatherbug ( free ) seems to meet your criteria . has nice widgets , multiple location support , and tons of weather stations . there is also a pay version ( weatherbug elite ) which removes ads and adds several additional features such as radar in motion and detailed hourly forecasts .
if you open the play store on your android device and go to that app 's page within the refund period , a refund option is available to tap . i am not certain if this is available in the web version of the play store ( it is not , as far as i can tell ) .
to answer if google distributes binaries for your device : no , they do not ( unless you have a nexus device ) . they do , however , have the full android source code available so that if you wanted you could compile the source code for your device . however , that leads into your second question about the drivers and such . yes , you will need to find the drivers and any other proprietary files that your device requires for it to interface with android . you would have to search about compiling a custom rom for your device and how to include these files . likely , your simplest choice is find an aosp ( android open source project ) rom that exists for your device and install that . check the xda forums to see if your device is included on their site . if so , go into the development sub-section for your device to search for roms .
try rebooting into recovery and connecting to the phone via adb : adb devices it should give a message like this : List of devices attached 01234565ABCDEFG recovery  you can then copy the file off the phone : adb pull /system/build.prop c:\build.prop you can now edit it in any text editor ( recommend notepad++ because it will preserve the unix style line endings , ) and then copy it back to the phone : adb push c:\build.prop /system/build.prop if the issue was indeed within that file , the phone should boot now .
the upgrading to 10.2 from 10.1 page links to a flashable zip with the photosphere enabled camera app . that link appears to currently be broken . here is a working link . after flashing , the camera app has the ability to take photospheres .
can you replace the pwd symbolic link with a script that just runs ' busybox pwd ' ? or would an alias work ?
it sounds as though you are using your tv as a media renderer for a media server ( hosted on your pc or other computer device ) . if that is the case , then yes , it is possible to use your android device as a media renderer for a media server . download mediahouse upnp / dlna browser and a video player with a codec that supports your video file-types ( vplayer video player is the best that i have found ) . if you instead meant that you wanted to stream the content provided to you from your tv service provider , then that is a bit more complicated . generally , they do not allow this since they want you to pay some odd sum of money for an additional renderer that they own . the process would go soemthing like this ( if not otherwise allowed ) : use some kind of capturing device to record ( temporarily or permenently ) the video content transmitted through an appropriate cable ( hdmi for example ) . you would theoretically need to split the signal or re-route it . then configure a media server on your pc to stream the recorded content . this would not provide a stream however which would have to be in a protocol like mjpeg to work as an actual " stream " . you would need something akin to an ethernet based capture card that provided a video stream over ip .
a bit more playing around led me to a ( if not the ) solution . i found an " enable headset buttons " check box in meridian , which prompted me to dig further into beyondpod , where a found a similar setting . everything works as i would like now . i have since gone back and checked a couple of things though , which are not quite as i expected . i thought if you re-enabled the controls within one app , it might disable the other . this is not quite what happened . when i re-enabled meridian , it responded to the controls , although beyondpod still showed it as supposedly responding , which it did not . once i would disabled meridian again , i had to go back into beyondpod , disable and re-enable it is control in order to have it respond again . my main gripe was that if i were listening a podcast , and bumped the headphone controls , the music would start playing over the top of my podcast audio . while it may be a cute multi-tasking demo , it is not a particularly practical use of this feature , imh ( bc ) o .
i am not familiar with the samsung galaxy , but in general if you want to install an aftermarket os you need to root your phone and in general rooting your phone will void the warranty . do you have other reasons for wanting to change the os or is it really just touchwiz ? according to this xda post , the only touchwiz-free rom is cyanogenmod . it is very unstable on the galaxy s though . however , you can install a different launcher such as launcherpro . touchwiz will still be on the phone , but just in the background , so you can have a more " stock android " experience by using another launcher . i hope i have answered your intial question . do not hesitate to ask new questions about how to go about disabling touchwiz if you do opt to go that route .
from a quick search of the market , only northern bank has anything obvious in there at the moment , and they are not quite one of the really big uk high st banks . ( barclays have a couple of apps but they are all related to their marketing/sponsorship nothing to do with personal accounts ) .
no . it is a cdma phone using 800 and 1900 mhz bands . cdma phones can not be used on gsm networks ( at and t , tmobile . . . ) . gsm and cdma are completely different technologies .
Settings -&gt; Wireless and Network -&gt; WiFi Settings , hit the menu button , and choose advanced . however , it appears this does not support user authentication . i can not find a solution online , either : ( . the question i marked as a duplicate may be of some assistance , though your version of android may be too old for any of this .
not sure how much reliable this is , but i found this app : sms gateway their description says that e-mails via pop3 can be sent via sms , while sms can be sent via http get request .
the old reader 's website has a list of apps that are known to use its api . the only android app currently listed is : listener launcher which is an alternative launcher , so probably does more than you want . however a quick search of the play store for " the old reader " comes up with : the old reader ( unofficial ) app , and the greader ( free version ) ( paid version ) app both of which claim to sync with the old reader , amongst other services .
in the official facebook for android app , you can shut off chat via the following : start up facebook make sure you are in the main menu ( press back if it shows the news feed ) click " chat " press the menu button and hit " go offline "
the solution is to install program wake lock and set the setting to PARTIAL_WAKE_LOCK . this keep necessary power for sd card even if of charger and with disabled display . it obviously cause a bit more battery consumption , but far less then constant sd card remounting . no root needed .
from self testing of the drive , quickoffice and the new docs apps and an official google blog posting , it seems like the strategy will be : google drive app to view and organize your files quickoffice to open ms documents stand alone google docs apps ( docs , sheets , and eventually slides ) to open google doc files some testing i did shows ( moto x 4.4.2 with docs v1.3.144.12 ; quickoffice v6.3.1.041 ; drive v1.2.563.21 ) : the quickoffice app only opens microsoft format files ; i am unable to load native google documents the new docs app only opens google doc word files ; i am unable to load microsoft format files a google blog post has a statement that leads me to believe their strategy is to remove document editing from the drive app itself , and just have it open the stand-alone apps for google doc files , and quickoffice for ms document files : if you don’t have time now , over the next few days you’ll be prompted to download the apps when you go to edit or create a document or spreadsheet in your drive app . and of course , you’ll still be able to use the drive app to view and organize all of your documents , spreadsheets , presentations , photos and more . we also may be in line for a new google drive update soon - which removes in-drive editing . the ios version of drive has stripped in-drive document editing ( in favor of the external apps ) and added a pin code to allow you to encrypt local documents . ( source ) edit : the new google drive app has been released , which removes in-drive editing , and will prompt you to download the new docs and sheets apps .
this looks like it could be an issue with certain background services malfunctioning . try observing the background services and disable some of them to see if you might hit the culprit . to do it in a way that is less hit and miss , there are several battery app in the market or you can use ics native battery monitor to see if there are anything that are consuming more battery than it really should .
that is easily accomplished using tasker . if you do not know , tasker is the most complete automation solution for android . it does not come for free ( 5 euro -- but you can get a free trial on their homepage ) , but is definitly worth the price . just take a look at the tasker userguide for a full description . tasker combines conditions and tasks to profiles . in your case , the task would be something like : task autosync : auto-sync : on you will have two conditions , one for each profile ( tasker always connects conditions by and , so you need two different profiles : profile home : condition : wifi connected ( add your home network 's details ) task : autosync profile college : condition : wifi connected ( add your college 's network 's details ) task : autosync now , when you are not connected to any of these networks , switch off autosync manually once ( you will not have to repeat this ) . next time you connect to one of the two networks , tasker turns autosync on -- and resets it to the previous state ( off ) as soon as you are disconnected . if tasker is too heavy for you , i am pretty sure there are other automating tools which can accomplish this simple task ( llama - location profiles for example ) . but now that you have got the idea , you will find the related app fitting you .
the current best , known solution is to use " adbwireless " to connect the device with one 's computer over a network . be careful to connect both devices to the same network . if you do not have access to a wireless network , the . apk can be transferred in harddrive mode after exporting the project from eclipse . however , this route does not allow use of adb for logging , debug mode , or any other tools . ( see application " alogcat " if logcat logs are wanted ) if anyone finds other solutions , please edit this answer .
as with normal disks , this should apply to the disk and not a specific partition . some file systems offer additional caching , which then would apply to the specific partition -- but disk cache should always apply to the entire disk .
there are two levels of technical reason why this would not work . not all mobile phones allow the software to control the audio that gets sent over a voice call : the microphone feeds directly into the cell radio . this is the same reason that apps to record calls or play sound over calls do not work on every phone . gsm lossily compresses the sound signal using methods that are specifically designed to work with voice . if you were to try to send arbitrary data ( such as an encrypted signal ) over gsm , it would come out garbled at the other end . if you want to make a phone call that your carrier can not eavesdrop , there are apps available to do this , but they work over wireless internet , not over gsm ( i.e. . they use data not voice ) .
you can use an alternative like handcent sms - it has a button to allow full screen editing . also , you can customize the font size / style to something more suitable from within handcent .
the galaxy y gt-s5360 simply does not have backlighting for its capacitive buttons ( source 1 , source 2 ) whereas the ace does - there is nothing you can do .
multiple things with your issue : i would never trust a tech who recommends a task-killer for this problem . disqualified 100% . same for the one claiming all android phones last for only one day . that is bogus . it always depends on usage . i have one lasting 7 days ( well , no sim card inserted , not wifi activated -- it is rather used as a stand-by computing device for some apps -- but it is a phone , and it runs longer than 10h ; ) , and my " standard phone " ends up at ~75-80% after 14h usage . tech #2 and #4 sound more reasonable : any app ( especially if " consuming push services" ) can be the cause for such a problem ( see below ) , and monitoring battery usage is a generally good idea ( that tech i would trust most from the ones you mentioned ) different kind of usage causes different battery drain . sometimes processes go havoc and drain the battery quite fast . i had that " big surprise " multiple times already , last time yesterday : went down from ~80% to 5% and " emergency shutdown " within ~2h while in my pocket -- i only noticed that by the " beep " on shutdown . but this should not be a regular ( daily ) issue ; i experienced this maybe 4-5 times in a year with my current device . recommendation : take a look at the battery statistics ( usually found in settings &rarr ; about phone ) to determine which app ( s ) are causing the most battery drain . maybe you have got some " bad egg " on your device , if this happens regularly . second recommendation : take a look at how to deal with ( orphaned ) wakelocks ? -- maybe that is what affects you . again , this could be a mal-functioning app . battery only lasting for ~10h is nothing rare with heavy usage . remember these are no longer " dumb-phones " , but rather " pocket-computers which also can make phone calls " . useful resources also include : how can i tell what is really draining my battery ? how to debug a battery issue ? how can i find out what causes “android os” to consume battery ? follow the tag battery-life
i believe it is real-time . meaning , the stats are always updated as the battery is being drained ( or charged ) .
i have read about that phenomenon of some androids having trouble in mixed wpa/wpa2 mode a couple of times now . as you described , people solved it by using either wpa or wpa2 ( or even wep ) . so wpa2 only you tried ( but got trouble with your mac ) . any chances to pin it to only wpa ? wep would be a last-ressort , as it offers only marginal protection . remark : not sure about your settings for this , but in some cases people had ssid broadcast turned off on the router ; turning it on again ( i.e. . broadcasting the ssid ) solved the issue for some of them .
you can only delete specific visited pages while going through the complete browser 's history . i asked because you can not actually delete any visit while they are filtered out by a search query . i think this should be allowed as a feature because if you had a big history you would need to spend an unimaginable amount of time to delete a very old entry while browsing it completely .
there are a number of possible reasons for an inaccurate location , mostly relating to the lack of a good gps fix . if the phone cannot get an accurate gps fix , it will use more approximate methods of deriving its location - such as cell tower locations and wifi hotspot locations . possible reasons for no good gps fix , in vague descending order of likliness : you are indoors , or the sky is otherwise obstructed ( trees can have quite an impact ) gps is turned off or disabled on your phone , or you are using google maps on a device that does not have a gps receiver . you have not used the gps for a day or more , or you have moved a long way since you last used it , and it is taking a while to get a fix - this can take a minute or more in some circumstances , especially if you do not have a data signal . the gps is not working properly . some phones have gps trouble occasionally and require a restart . there is interference with the gps - e.g. naval forces sometimes conduct exercises with gps jamming , and i have had . . . variable results trying to use it near a large naval base before . normally if google maps can only give an approximate fix it will show a circle around your position , showing uncertainty . it might help with diagnosis to know whether you are seeing this circle , as that will indicate whether maps knows that it has an approximate location or whether it thinks that it has an accurate one and is wrong .
yes . the galaxy nexus will accept no more than 4.5w of power ( 0.9a @ 5v ) from a charger , regardless of what the charger is capable of supplying . this is not a whole lot , so doing stuff will cut down on the amount of power available to charge the battery and it is actually possible to run down the battery while you are plugged in . testing by a guy on reddit showed peak power draws from the battery of over 5w when using google maps , so you had end up using the entire charger supply to power the hardware , and another 0.5w drawn from the battery .
you are completely right with your assumption : whenever an app is installed , it is first copied to /data/local . you can check that directory if either you have got a file manager permitting you to go there , or have the android sdk installed . no root needed , as this directory is readable and writable for the shell user . but to your last question : no , i am not aware of any mechanism to control that delay ( never saw a corresponding setting ) . if it can be configured ( and is not hardcoded in some place ) , this will most likely involve root privileges .
android 2.3.3 was ( on all devices i am aware of ) vulnerable to the gingerbreak exploit , which used a software hole in android to gain root permission and therefore does not require wiping your device . superoneclick provides this as one of its root methods , making it a popular choice for rooting versions 2.3 to 2.3.3 of gingerbread .
unfortunately there was a rogue update from hd widgets that caused this : hd widgets bug i have emailed the developer and hopefully they can update soon . this was insane how debilitating this was to my phone .
you can get a remote shell with it , without the screen working . you will have to install the android sdk on your pc . another thing you can do is use android screencast to view the screen remotely . it does not have the best frame rate , but at least you will be able to interact with the screen . you may have to use this to get the remote shell working , as you may have to turn on usb debugging in settings -> applications -> development -> usb debugging you can also get a replacement screen , i found a couple on ebay , ranging from ~$50 - ~$100 . some are just the lcd screen , some include the the touch input panel too .
this is apparently not possible with android 2.2 on motorola droid .
this is normal behavior , my brother has a moto e ( same amount of ram ) , and it ends up unloading lots of recent apps , if this was a priority you maybe should have gone with a different phone ( the moto g has a good processor , so can run plants vs zombies , but it can not multitask as well .
i have not looked exhaustively at the filesystem itself ( did not use adb shell or anything ) , but i am fairly positive the warning is just a generic message that shows up whenever you clear data for an app or system service . i tried a couple of different apps and services and always saw the warning . after clearing my media storage data and unmounting/remounting my sd card i had : all of my music still available ( after it had a chance to rescan ) my google music account still set up and properly linked my ringtone still set to the correct song on my sd card all other accounts and settings normal so basically , everything excepting the actual list of songs on my sd card was retained , and the list was refreshed after i remounted the sd card , as far as i can see . other than clearing media storage data , the only other thing i have tried to get my music to update is just unmounting and remounting the sd card ( or using an app like sd rescan to do it for you , as mentioned in the other question ) . i have personally had kind of mixed results with this , but the clear data then remount cycle always seems to work .
gps does not understand static direction at all ; it can only infer direction from motion . but there is an electronic compass inside the phone as well as the gps . you might want to download the " gps status + tools " program from the market ; you can see detailed status information for both the gps and the compass .
just from the market description , astro player looks like it might .
see this image released by htc . it describes the update process in a very detailed form : edit : fixed link
this app should help . since you have rooted your device , it should work fine .
here is a video tutorial on how to get it setup . https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-6woh20ulli explanation of video this requires the xposed framework ( http://goo.gl/nnwz9 ) and the google now api for it ( http://goo.gl/5pf3jg ) . you will need to be rooted to install the xposed framework . first you need to do this : 1 . open google now api 2 . click plugin ( example autovoice ) 3 . check " enable " for google now integration in tasker you will need to setup something similar to task for task : 1 . create a new action 2 . create ' if ' ( for action category ) 3 . for condition select ( or type if you cant find ) avsource 4 . make sure condition is set to matches 5 . type in googlenow for what the condition matches 6 . create whatever action you want for the if ( need to be familiar with tasker ) 7 . create ' end if '
there is an app for this . you can use it to install flash player on a jelly bean device . you can also try installing flash player and then upgrading the device to jelly bean .
according to the section 3 of the google play terms of service you consent to automatic updates : updates . you may need to install updates to google play or related google software that we introduce from time to time to use google play and to access or download products . products originating from google may communicate with google servers from time to time to check for available updates to the products and to the functionality of google play , such as bug fixes , patches , enhanced functions , missing plug-ins and new versions ( collectively , " updates" ) . by using the google play store and installing these products , you agree to such automatically requested and received updates . *bolding added for emphasis .
look in settings-> accounts most likely you will have an account there for facebook . there may be settings for that account that allow you to choose what gets synced . otherwise if you do not need any of it , delete the account . it will not running in the background updating facebook statuses for those contacts . . . should help with battery life , memory , etc . hope this helps .
it depends on router to router , like i have a belkin router , in which i can set up mac address filtering . to set up this , open your router default page ( might be 192.168.1.1 or 192.168.2.1 ) . if it asks for password and username , first try leaving it blank , if this does not log you in , try putting admin in both user name and password , if this does not log you in , contact your isp ( internet service provider ) . then go in the firewall settings and then find mac address filtering . then add the mac address of the device you want to be allowed in the given fields . only the devices whose mac address has been entered , can connect with the router . you can manage all this via your mobile . if you post your router model number and company ( located at the bottom of the router ) , i can tell you if your router supports filtering or not .
the device goes to sleep when the screen is off and no background services are doing anything ( such as checking for mail ) . when this happens , the wi-fi chip in the phone can go into a low-power state . this saves power while the device is asleep , but has some costs:- next time the device wakes up it'll take an extra fraction of a second to turn the wi-fi back on , making the tablet less response when you turn the screen on . if the device wakes up to perform a background task ( such as checking for mail ) , that'll take slightly longer too , and use more power . that is , the device uses less power while asleep , but waking it up costs slightly more : like the trade-off between keeping the engine in your car running , or stopping it and using more fuel/battery to restart it later . any apps with " push " features ( using google cloud messaging or similar ) will not work while the device is asleep . that is , you will not get google hangouts messages , or notifications from gmail , while the device is asleep . if those costs are fine for you , leave the setting off to allow the wi-fi chip to go to sleep when the rest of your phone does . otherwise , turn the setting on to keep the wi-fi on all the time .
that is not a bug , it is a feature . it is called the " back stack " . the idea is that you perform a single task , like reading e-mail , and all activities , that it is what " windows " are called on android , are grouped together on the task 's back stack . if you want imdb " in a separate window " , that is as activity of a new task with its own back stack , you can simply open it from the launcher by selecting the imdb icon .
if you update via android 's over-the-air ( ota ) update , you will lose root . you will need to re-root again if you want root access ,
a boot-loop can have different reasons . though in most cases this happens after flashing a new rom , other things might affect it as well : e.g. some system related apps which have services or the like started quite early . but those special cases usually rather result in a force-close-loop than in a boot-loop . things you can try : safe mode see whether you can boot your device into safe mode ( according to an xda post , this should be achieved by keeping vol- and power pressed simultaneously until the phone is booted up , and shows the string " safe mode " in the lower left corner ) . if that works , it is one of the apps you lately installed which causes this problem . go and remove the app ( via settings&rarr ; apps&rarr ; manage apps ) , reboot , and you should be fine . in case you get problems leaving safe mode : power down , take out the battery for 30s , insert it again , power up . recovery mode if safe mode is not reachable either , you can try booting to recovery mode ( should be vol+ + vol- + power ) . in the menu appearing there , select to " wipe cache " . reboot . if the problem still persists , and you have no custom recovery , all that is left to you to try is a factory reset . this will wipe all your data and the apps you have installed . you can do so from the very same recovery menu by chosing " wipe data " or " factory reset " ( it is labeled either the one or the other ) . in case you have a custom recovery , you can try first to only " wipe dalvik cache " .
there are 2 potential solutions . one , when you use perform task you can pick the priority of the task your asking it to run . if you set the priority the same or higher than the current task ( a good way to do this is to specify '%priority + 1' ) , the new task will completely execute before the current on resumes . if you set the priority of the task lower than the current task 's priority , the current task will finish before the new task starts . since i have had mix results with the use of priority could add a wait until after the preform task . example : 1. WAIT UNTIL MIN: 1 UNTIL: %Done IS SET  the variable , %done , is set at the last line of the task you called . you can set %done to anything but one it is set the 1st task will know it is okay to continue . if you have any further problems feel free to come back and ask more question . if my answer does solve your problem please remember to make it as answered and to upvote my answer . i only ask since i am new and i am trying to build up my reputation . thanks , hope it all works out .
according to this page , you need to reset the watch to factory settings if you want to pair it with another device , each time you wish to switch phones or tablets .
my galaxy s vibrant has 16 gb internal sd storage , and Settings -&gt; SD card and phone storage reports 12.78 gb . i would assume the ~3 gb difference is due to the reported size being actually in gib , not gb , and partitioning ( the internal data partition is 1.84 gib as reported by titanium backup ) and formatting . the numbers work out , anyways . given that 8 - 5.01 is also ~3 , i would say that you have an 8 gb model on your hands . checking with titanium ( requires root ) or something else might be a good idea .
android vnc viewer is free and works with host names , but i have not played around with it much , so i cannot vouch for quality . alternatively you could use a hostname to ip resolver ( either as an app or as a website ) to find out the ip address and use that to connect . i just tried out dns lookup from the android market , and it looks like a pretty decent solution ( fast , long-press to copy ip ) . if you have the time , send an email to the creator of the app you use for a feature request , i am sure he would appreciate the feedback : ) .
the solution for your issue can be found on the app 's help page . as i already guessed , you need to install a barcode reader app . but not just " any " , ist has to be a specific one . and moreover , even my guess for zxing reader was absolutely correct – if you take a closer look at the screenshot taken from that place : screenshot from the google authenticator help page ( click image for original size ) btw : the name " zxing " stands for zebra crossing , but i doubt it can decode the zebra 's natural barcodes : ) as it reportedly works as well in this context , i recommend using qr droid if you want to use the qr reader for additional tasks as well . qr droid has a much nicer interface , offers additional features , and gives you much more flexibility .
go over to your messaging app , press the options button/menu button ( depends on the device ) . a short list will pop-up including options like search , drat messages , delete , etc . one of these options should say ' configuration messages ' or something similar . this is where the cp messages you receive are stored . i am not sure as to what purpose they serve ( they seem to vary from lists of mms to browser settings ) , but that is where all of them are .
the launcher application on some phones does not provide the ability for a scrolling wallpaper , the only way to fix this would be to download a separate launcher . here is a list of most of them - https://play.google.com/store/search?q=launcherc=apps
i will say yes , but , that answer does not necessarily hold true 100% of the time . it really depends on the bands that the device supports . on the device spec sheets you will usually see something like this : 800/1900/700 these are the bands that the device will operate on . i pulled these numbers from the droid bionic . from that spec sheet , it goes even further and shows that it supports ev-do rev . a ( cdma/3g ) , and lte ( 4g ) . so this phone does support verizon 's 3g and 4g networks , which means that if 4g is not avaialble , then it will fall back to the cdma data network ( which is what the device will uses for voice even when data uses lte . the same rules apply for gsm networks like at and t and t-mobile . the device spec sheet will say what bands the device can operate on , and if the carrier 's network operates within that band , then the phone will work . this is why iphone users can use unlocked at and t iphones on t-mobile 's network , but they only can get edge data . this is because the iphone does not support the band that t-mobile uses for its umts/hspa/hspa+ ( 3g/4g ) data networks . t-mobile bands : 850/1900 ( gsm/gprs/edge ) 1700/2100 ( umts/hspa ) at and t bands : 850/1900 ( gsm/gprs/edge ) 580/1900 ( umts/hspa ) ( 3g ) 700 ( lte ) ( 4g ) verizon bands : 800/1900 ( cmda/ev-do ) ( 3g ) 700 ( lte ) ( 4g ) sprint does not know if they want to use lte or wimax so i am not listing their bands .
try disabling the notification then restart your tablet and see if it reappears : go to Settings &gt; Application Manager &gt; All &gt; Google Services Framework and then uncheck " show notifications " . are you rooted ? if so , and if disabling the notification does not work , try freezing or uninstalling the update apk : use root explorer or es explorer and go to phone memory system/app/ and delete or rename updatecenter . apk . alternatively , you could freeze this application in titanium backup application . you could also try modifying your build . prop file to trick the tablet into thinking it is already updated ( root required ) . this was also mentioned in an answer to a previous question . to prevent the update notification , you will probably just have to change the build . prop values . so , change : ro . build . description=voles-user 2.2.2 frg83g 91102 release keys to ro . build . description=voles-user 2.2.3 frk76 185902 release keys and ro . build . fingerprint=verizon/voles/sholes/sholes:2.2.2/frg83g/91102:user/release-keys to ro . build . fingerprint=verizon/voles/sholes/sholes:2.2.3/frk76/185902:user/release-keys note that this quote is referring to old software versions and that the ro.build.description and ro.build.fingerprint lines will need to look different for you than those quoted . check out this answer for more information on making such a change . for me and my 2012 n7 i just lived with the notification until i could not stand it any more , then i just upgraded anyway .
if you purchase the paid version of launcher pro you can crop widgets . just long press on a widget with launcher pro installed and running , and then let go . it should be highlighted in an off orange/yellow color . in the lower right corner is a little arrow type icon , click this and drag to crop the widget . not sure how to do this otherwise .
i have seen a number of people report that the wlan test dialer code will allow the driver to reload properly ( example ) . i believe it is *#*#526#*#* on many samsung phones , but this post indicates that it may also be *#*#528#*#* or *#*#232339#*#* . this may not work on all devices , since manufacturers tend to include/remove different dialer codes almost at a whim . if you are unfamiliar with dialer codes , simply open your dial pad and enter the sequence as though you were attempting to dial the number *#*#526#*#* . your phone should then jump to the wlan test facility .
as i see an alternative keyboard may solve your issue , and this seems to be an acceptable solution , and you even mention something you cannot find -- hereby i proudly present : hacker 's keyboard checking its guide , there is in fact a section suggesting such a feature : you can configure the gesture used for this in the keyboard 's " gesture and key actions " settings menu . if the swipe action is too hard to trigger , try binding the " close keyboard " action to the " volume down " hardware key . this will not interfere with normal use of the volume button while the keyboard is closed . though this applies to " close": if there are gestures you can configure , it might as well be able to have one for " open " . the faq may reveal some more clues . saintwacko notes in the comments : to be able to open it anywhere , you go into the settings for the keyboard and check the box for ' permanent notification ' . it will then keep an entry in the notifications which you can tap to bring up the keyboard at any point . so this would be an alternative possibility -- the hook being it is hooked to this special keyboard .
that should be possible . there are plenty of backup apps available on google play which allow local backups , such as sms backup and restore or sms backup . for contacts , there is e.g. contacts backup , and for both together super backup : sms and contacts . they all store the backed-up data e.g. on your sdcard . though i found no explicit mention of sim messages , i would assume they are covered – but you might wish to check for yourself to make sure . update : as it turned out , above apps do not seem to cover sim storage . but i have just stumbled upon backup2csv , which explicitly lists to export contact directories ( sim card and phone ) ( it also lists export text messages ( sms ) , but does not explicitly mention the sim card in that context ) .
no , you cannot see that . there is no such thing , all you can do is just track the activity of your app and see where it is most used . that is all .
technically they can inspect the http headers and look at the user-agent field to determine browser and os ; but imagine the millions and millions of http requests for web pages and applications in a given day . they can do trends , and data mining techniques to find out - but is it worth all that effort for them just to track down someone using a few more mb of bandwidth ? probably not .
i can only comment on gosms which , while being a great app , has a few obvious issues . texting via gochat is , at best , unreliable . with both parties connected to hi-speed broadband , texts take their own sweet time to deliver . these texts should not expire but they do . given a certain amount of time , texts stay undelivered . if you have root access and are thinking of uninstalling the stock sms app ( which would be the logical thing to do ) , bear in mind that gosms notifications do not work hand in hand with the app 's ui . meaning , if you see a notification in the status bar and press on it , it will lead you to the main app interface but you may or may not see the actual message . this happens often when you receive more than one or two texts at the same time . strangely , even though you can not read the texts ( i assumed they were lost ) , you will have an irritating notification indicating that you have unread texts ( that you obviously can not read because they do not show up ) . having the stock app ensures that gosms shows all texts , unread or otherwise . also , when you have read the text in the stock app , the notification from gosms disappears . local backup only works when you are not connected , either via wi-fi or mobile data . with the latest version of the app , everything gets backed up to gocloud . this happens only if you have signed up with gochat . hope this helps .
correct answer was pointed to in the comments by rossc . thanks ! i am writing my own here since it is been a while and he did not write a proper answer i could have selected ( ! ) . i did a bit more research to expand on what he found , while also clarifying the original issue which was partly picnic . . . rossc wrote : according to here it may only be in the us and depend on what version you have . reddit.com/r/android/comments/14r6m7/… apparently the ' clock ' icon will do it reddit.com/r/android/comments/1p7d0w but i do not have that on mine . . . so the second link above gives the answer : on the device one cannot access the music search history from anywhere but thru the widget 's " clock " icon . since i only had the widget placed in the lockscreen so i did not see the icon while i was actually actively using my phone ( unlocked ) to look for its history . i can only access the history from the lockscreen widget , that is unless of course i put the widget on one of my panels , which is unnecessary since google now can also do music search ( just say " what is the song " or similar ) . apparently the music search is also unavailable in some countries , so ymmv . also , i found out here you can also access your sound search history on your desktop/laptop by logging into your google account and going to this hidden ( ? ) " auto-playlist " link ( i could not find anywhere in play music site ui ) : https://play.google.com/music/listen#/ap/sound-search hope this clears a few mysteries regarding sound searches and its widget .
if you are talking about a nandroid backup : yes , it would . it creates images from the devices file systems -- so all that is stored there gets copied to those image files . you can then even extract single items using e.g. titanium backup .
pictures and videos from line app are stored under following directory . sd card -> android -> data -> jp . naver . line . android -> storage -> gallerybig all the audio files are placed under directory sd card -> android -> data > jp . naver . line . android -> cache > mo > ( folder ) > [ audio files ]
you should use odin or hiemdall ( preferred ) to flash a new rom , and or flash a new partition table . it sounds like the partition 's have been erased , and as such should be remade by flashing a new rom .
after looking through the help file and through astro quite a bit , alas , i believe the answer is no . while it does allow for editing , the only option for creation is directory ( folder ) creation , as you pointed out . that being said , i think this would be an excellent feature , and might be worth suggesting to the developers . i know you said you did not want other apps , but to show one directly with the feature . . . this is x-plore file manager
simply get yourself a terminal app ( a good choice would be android terminal emulator ) , start it , and enter the command free . the output then should look like this : this example is from my motorola milestone 2 , and you can see : it does not use any swap : " total " available swap space is "0" . if your device would use swap , at least the numbers for " totals " and one of " used " or " free " should be &gt ; 0 .
short answer : no . long answer : adb install is a " shortcut " that is equivalent to open a shell ( using adb shell ) and type pm install . pmstand for package-manager and his behaviour is the same as other package manager in other linux distributions ( like aptitude in debian or pacmanin arch linux ) except that pm does not fetch package from a distant location . the play store is an application like others , and we can not call android applications like we call a program like a c or " normal " java program , because the .apk file is not actually a binary , but a simply zipped package . it is the dalvik virtual machine ( sort of equivalent to the java vm ) that deals with running applications . the play store application simply download the application you want and then run pm install on the package downloaded .
tasker allows you to customize the app icon because some users like to have a consistent theme across their home screen . google has also suggested that apps default to a black and white default icon , while some users prefer the older color icons . many apps allow this icon customization . tasker also allows icons to be chosen for various other purposes , like notifications . tasker has implemented an " icon chooser " to make this work . it simply reuses the icon chooser for the tasker app itself . there is no ulterior motive . this is similar to any desktop os . when you can set the icon for a shortcut , for example , you can use any icon on the system , not just the ones that shipped with the app .
it all very much depends on the " startup manager " used , and whether your device is rooted . as dotvezz answer assumes , there are some just de-activating the corresponding " listeners " ( apps can be notified on events , and thus get started when they appear – the most famous event being boot_completed ; but there are many more , like network changed , sdcard mounted , battery low . . . if you are interested in details , see e.g. what is the difference between a service and a broadcast receiver ? ) . however , doing that requires " root powers " . thus " startup managers " working without " root powers " basically do nothing other than task mangers : killing the app once it started on a given event . they also in most cases stick to the boot_completed event , and do not care about others . then there are those managers supporting both modi . best one most likely is autorun manager , my favorite i used for quite a while . now your question is specifically about startup manager . as you can see in its app description , and like i have written above , this app just cares for the boot_completed event : it does disable/enable startup items from system boot . its permissions do not include SUPERUSER ( aka root ) , so it cannot modify receivers/listeners . so it most likely just " kills " the apps when they start . prove on that you again can find in the app 's description : note : for android 2.2 and higher os non-rooted devices , some processes will restart themselves right after being disabled . they would not do so if they were really disabled . but many apps do so when being killed . autorun manager , which i have mentioned before , supports both modi : if used in " basic mode " ( which does not require root ) , it kills configured apps on start . in " advanced mode " ( requires root ) it " silences " their listeners , so they never receive the event broadcast and thus do not automatically start .
google play is covered by the terms of google 's privacy policy , and in fact links you to it when you first launch the app or visit the link in the play website 's footer . the very brief summary is that they divide it into : " information you give us " - any info provided during registration device information - noted to be "...your hardware model, operating system version, unique device identifiers, and mobile network information including phone number" log information location information unique application numbers local storage cookies and anonymous identifiers since google 's apps are proprietary i doubt you will get much more definite information than that unless you ask google directly . you can read the full text of google 's privacy policy to see how they use the information they collect ( among other things ) .
try adding adb 's folder ( platform-tools ) to your path . the adb executable used to be in the tools folder on versions of the sdk up to v8 iirc , but it was moved in v9 , so ddms . bat is probably looking for it in the wrong spot . see also this thread on stackoverflow ( accepted answer there courtesy one of our mods here ) to see if this is in fact the issue . edit : if you need it , here 's a decent guide for changing your path environment variable . it is written for xp but i do not think the process is much different ( if at all ) for vista/7 . the basic premise is at least the same . another edit : it looks like it is the same process according to this guide for win7 .
simple spreadsheet is freeware and lists import/export of csv as a feature . shead spreet lite also has similar features . in the non-freeware category , see csv viewer and androffice
the image transfer from s3 uses s beam , which is a proprietary technology used by samsung . it does not use nfc for the actual data transfer , but instead creates a wifi direct ( ad-hoc ) network between the devices and sends the image over wifi . nfc is just used for " pairing " the devices . since nexus 4 is a vanilla android , it does not have the necessary application for this , and i suspect this is why it opens the play store . instead , most nfc-capable android devices support android beam , which uses bluetooth instead of wifi direct to transmit the data . there is a suggested solution in another question that could work for you .
as a nexus 7 owner , i can confirm for you that it does not have a led flash for its front-facing camera . in fact , off the top of my head , i can not think of a single device that does . documentation of a feature that is not present is going to be hard to come by . a good verification of this fact , however , is in ifixit is teardown pictures ( see steps 12 and 13 ) . camera and light sensor , no flash .
your tablet will come advertised with the version of android it carries in the box . when they make it they do not know what versions will be released , obviously . the packaging and advertising will say ross tablet comes with kitkat 4.4 . that does not mean i will not update my hardware with a newer version of android , but it means there is no guarantee i ever will . there is nothing that says explicitely it can not be updated , unless the hardware is insufficient to run a particular build . jellybean was heavy on resources but kitkat is much lighter . it would depend on this also . either they did not update their advertising and/or they did not update the device . there is no hard fast rule . updates to android itself are creted by google , then released to the oem . the actual updates to the device are dealth with by the oem ( manufacturer ) and released by them if they decide they want to . this is after they skin it ( touchwiz , sense , motoblur etc ) , test it and make whatever changes they decide . this is why i have a htc on 4.1 and another on 4.4 here . each manufacturer has it is own unique hardware , as does each device model . there is no concept of a ' generic ' android rom across devices . the hardware and software for it ( e . g . the oem 's camera ) is closed source and rom developers have to use their own kernels and work arounds to get these installed on the various devices . you would need to check on a device by device basis . google should tell you the answer , but xda developers is also a great resource .
i think the best you can do at this point is to use the " featured tablet apps " page in the market ( this may be region-limited , it seems ) . the web version seems to have more apps listed than the tablet section on honeycomb 's market app . you could also log into the market website and filter searches based on whether or not the apps are compatible with your device ( the xoom , in this case ) , but the fact that they are compatible does not mean they are " optimized " for tablet so i suppose that is not quite the same . for games you could also install nvidia 's tegra zone app , but it is technically just designed for anything optimized for tegra chips ( so the atrix would be included but is not a tablet form factor ) . most of the games seem to be made with larger devices in mind , though .
would color filter service fit your needs ? there is a half-screen demo available in the market that you can try out as well . you can tweak the rgb values of the filter however you want , so if you want a red filter just crank up the red slider and do not adjust the g/b values .
the best you can really do currently is to buy them from the market ( web or app ) and then just cancel the download/installation when it starts on your device . this only works with apps your device supports , though . purchasing unsupported apps was the topic of this related question .
llama . a laymans version of tasker . it can do so much more but should suffice with minimal battery impact as it uses cell sites to identify rather than gps .
if the wi-fi hotspot feature is broken in your custom rom , then it does not matter what apps you install . they all rely on the os to do their work . you need to build or find a rom which supports this feature in order to use it .
the attender from htc asked me to remove my exchange account and add it again , and the problem is solved .
media scanner scans both sd card as well as usb storage , but not rom and system storage . means , it scans from /sdcard/ and /sdcard/external_sd/ mount points . it goes deep inside all non-hidden sub-directories , unless .nomedia file is detected . media scanner skips rom and system storage because both require root permission to write anything there . and , its very unlikely for an end-user to store music , photo there .
it is limited to specific locations , and only available with a data connection . see this question on the location limitations and this question on alternatives .
if your device is rooted , and you have a custom recovery installed : wipe the dalvik cache . next boot will take a little longer ( as the dalvik cache has to be rebuilt ) , but the problem should be gone . if the above is not an option , you could try to backup the affecgted apps and their data using e.g. helium backup , then uninstall the apps , and restore them ( including their data ) from their backup . this way their dalvik cache would be rebuilt as well , you do not lose your data , and helium can do that in a batch-process to save you a bunch of clicks .
this is a suggestion , it may not meet all your critera and not all routers support it . set a second ssid on the router which is not broadcast have a simple password on this ssid with a minimal number of characters implement mac lockdown on this ssid enter the mac of your phone as the only approved connection your router will only accept connections from specific mac addresses on the new ssid , even if others guess your password .
i have tried but they did not seem to make the icon disappear . after wandering through settings and application as suggested by matthew this is what i finally did and it seems to work : settings --> application --> manage app --> running --> myuploads --> force stop and eventually the icon of ongoing process was gone ! thank you for the important clue ! ! !
it is probably the same thing although rom is supposed to be the area / location where stuff is only ever written once ( during manufacture / initial flashing ) .
if you only need the backtick for when you are entering code on stackexchange sites , then there is actually no reason to type the character . any time you are in a question or answer box , there is a set of icons just above the box , pressing the 101 010 button puts a pair of matching backticks into the text box at the current cursor location , with some replacable text in between , now just type over that text with swype ( or paste over ) . works perfectly on my galaxy s with swype enabled . edit for more recent versions of swype , see miquelfire 's answer where the backtick is now available as an extended character on the .' key beside the space bar .
Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Display -&gt; Auto-rotate screen - this option should disable screen rotation throughout the system . Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; CyanogenMod settings -&gt; Display -&gt; Rotate 180 degrees - this option disables the " upside-down " rotation only .
widgetlocker is a great lock-screen replacement that will allow you to put any widget installed on your phone on the lock-screen . you can also configure it to allow your notification bar to be usable . the actual calendar popup i am not sure about , but i know you had be able to see it when it shows up in your notification bar , and from there you can open it up and snooze/dismiss it .
you can make an automatic nandroid backup using rom manager ( free / paid ) . open the app - go to settings and select automatic backup . you can select the time and frequency of the backups in the following screens .
when i wanted to do this , i found the available apps sorely lacking , so i wrote a home screen widget which can do this . the image can be a static one , or you can refresh it from the internet periodically ( e . g . from an rss feed ) . you can set it to open a website when clicked , or launch an app of your choice ( amongst other things ) . the app is called showr , and it is a free download from google play . ( there is a " pro " version with more options . )
the source code for the adb exploit used in the superoneclickroot tool is available : http://stealth.openwall.net/xsports/rageagainstthecage.tgz . you would have to crosscompile rageagainstthecage . c ( after reviewing it of course . . . ) for arm5 and then do the whole adb thing , descibed for example here in thread no . 844966 at xda-dev ( my one link was already used up , sorry ) . i do not speak from experience however .
i use diskusage for situations like this . it graphs the directory structure for you in a very pedagogical way to show you what directories ( and subdirectories ) that are taking up the most space . it literally solves situations like this in 15 seconds for me , because i will see a big square with the text " movies " or something on it , realizing i completely forgot i put an entire season of wonders of the universe on my device or something — or i will se a folder with a name of an app that has long since been deleted with a bunch of useless cache : ) try it out , i am not sure how well it works on non-rooted devices but i think it should work on those as well , i do not think it does anything else than list directories and add their content size up .
thank god i figured out how to fix it . the problem was that i was using software that was meant to root a first gen nexus 7 , and i had the second gen ( 2013 ) version . whoops . in order to fix it , i downloaded the unroot/stock toolkit from http://www.androidrootz.com/2013/08/nexus-7-one-click-toolkit-for-mac-2013.html and then downloaded the factory images for the nexus 7 2013 from google 's site , https://developers.google.com/android/nexus/images#razor i then used the unroot/stock toolkit to reload the bootloader and factory image . after this , my nexus worked fine . i was still able to root , but this time i made sure to use the correct software to do so .
newly installed third-party keyboards need to be enabled in your settings before they become selectable . make sure you have it checked under Settings-&gt;Language &amp; Keyboard after installing .
according to this wikipedia entry , this is enhanced version of hspa+ . now , reading from the telephony source in jellybean , depending if its gsm , between the two lines numbered 72 and 107 , there is nothing in there that indicates , the automatic detection of the usage of dc-hspa and is probably being treated as hspa+ for now in the interim , so its very highly likely that it will show up as a ' h ' or '3g ' . and then again , that is dependent on the compile-time specifications used when the rom was built , to elect to show '3g ' , ' h+' or even ' h ' on the status bar .
are you sure your tags are correct , it sounds like they are not ? try looking at the files with something like mp3tag or mediamonkey they should show exactly which tags are in there and let you clear out any corrupted tags .
towards the top of your notification bar there should be a clear button . click this to clear your notifications ( this will clear all pending notifications , not just application installed/updated ones ) .
a quick solution : just copy them in dcim ( to use gallery as a source ) or store them in picasa . it'll allow you to get them from another handset if you want : ) edit ( thanks to matt ) : you can put the file in any folder of your fs , and android will find it and suggest it as a wallpaper .
from the jorte help pages : select menu \u2192 Settings \u2192 Data Syncronization if " select synsapplication " is not checked , tap on " select synsapplication " and have it checked . when the " calendar " item is checked , synchronizing will start immediately .
as i have just discovered , the latest cyanogenmod 10 nightlies have this feature . unfortunately it does not ever display an on-screen menu key . as a workaround , i mapped long-press of the menu key to its old function .
after i installed the astro file manager and i went to " preview " - astro popped up , and saying , " give a filename " ok , then it saved the files ! ! ( the files must be ex . : zipped ! ! ) - and then i was able to extract the files in the zip .
short answer i would not recommend deleting the folder itself , but it should be pretty safe to delete its content ( i.e. . the files inside ) . i am just afraid you will not be able to do so – unless you have root access on your device . explanation core dumps ( on some android devices also called " tombstones " , which somehow explains their purpose ) are generated when an app crashes ( or force-closes ) . they usually contain a complete dump of the memory that app was using , plus some additional information – and are intended for debugging purposes ( to provide the developer with information about the state the app was in when it crashed – hence " tombstones " , describing the " dead of a process" ) . the system itself does not need them at all , so deleting them should be pretty safe . however , depending on implementation , the system might rely on the fact the folder is there – so removing the folder along might have " negative side-effects " ( should not , but who knows ) . as an empty folder is not using up any space , it should not hurt to keep it . on the other hand : as its only purpose is collecting those " crash reports " , and as they probably will not go anywhere either : who cares whether " writing those crash-logs crashes " ? ; )
there are several proxy apps available to accomplish something like that . though most of them require root access to the device , not all do ( i have not tested any of them , so i cannot tell in detail ) . however , a different approach might be checking into vpn apps , as that is pretty much what you targeting : a virtual private network , where your server acts as a " checkpoint " . many of those vpn apps do not require root access , but many also use a dedicated vpn provider . still , the linked lists should contain a working solution for you . disclosure : the linked lists are maintained by me , to provide you good " jump-points " .
in the contacts app , under Menu | Display options i can select which of my accounts contacts ' to display ( and , in the case of gmail contacts , which groups to display ) . assuming samsung has not monkeyed with that , you should be able to determine which account they are from by process of elimination .
there is no reason a class 10 card would not work . the card being faster should not break anything . i can find no evidence that the acer liquid metal detects and behaves badly with a fast card , or does not use the sd card specifications properly , or anything like that .
the gps was fixed by downloading a " tweak " script , whatever that is , from here . i originally found it on this thread on xda-developers .
as i wrote in my comment , there are some special characters needing extra care when working at the shell prompt ( or in shell scripts ) . one of them is the $ sign , which usually indicates a variable . if that should be taken literally , you need to escape it ( or enclose the entire string by single quotes ) . similar rules for quotation marks . how your command should look like with an escaped $ , you can already find in eldarerathis ' answer : shell@android:/ # am start -n com.android.settings/.Settings\$PowerUsageSummaryActivity  note the " back-slash " in front of the $ -- that is the escape sign . use the same for quotation marks or blanks , if your command includes some to be taken literally , e.g. myscript.sh first\ parameter\! myscript.sh "first parameter!"  both would do the same : making the string a single parameter . in the example of your am start command , this is what happened on parsing : command : am parameter 1: start parameter 2: -S parameter 3: com.android.settings/.Settings$PowerUsageSummaryActivity has a $ , interpreting : variable $PowerUsageSummaryActivity is not set , so empty conclusion : parameter 3 is com.android.settings/.Settings note also that if you run this directly via adb shell , the command goes through shell parsing twice , so you need to escape or quote the command again , like this : user@desktop:~$ adb shell am start -n 'com.android.settings/.Settings\$PowerUsageSummaryActivity' 
both dialer and contacts apps can vary per phone model due to android os version , as well as manufacturer or carrier overlay . usually though , in the call log when you tap on the new number it gives you an " add to contacts " option . at that point it brings up a list of all contacts , so that you can add this number to an existing contact . however , there should also be a button to create a new contact , which is probably what you are overlooking .
you will need to modify the device definitions . to do this , find the " device definitions " tab in the android virtual device manager and double click on the device you are using . make sure the buttons are set to hardware . do not forget to update your device settings : source : stackoverflow
based on the comments , this looks like a hardware issue , and not a software/android issue . i would suggest sending it to a service center for repair .
just tested this on my phone and my gmail , and it seems to work . i am running 4.4 with the stock contacts app on my phone . on your phone , in the contacts app : menu button -> import/export contacts choose export to storage and it will create a . vcf file to /storage/emulated/0/ which is the root folder for storage transfer this file via email , or usb to a computer where you are logged into gmail in gmail , go to your contacts by clicking on the little down arrow by gmail on the top left slightly to the right is a more button with a down arrow , click on it choose import , and select the . vcf file : )
yes , it is possible , but very time-consuming . open the google play store , go to menu -> settings . tap on the " auto-update apps " and select one of the two " auto-update apps " options to enable it . go back , then go to " my apps " section , locate the app you want ( e . g . anti-virus app that you mentioned ) and tap on it once . now tap the menu button and the first option should be the " auto-update . " ensure the checkmark is present for this app . for all other apps that you have installed , you will need to follow steps 3 and 4 , but this time disable the " auto-update " setting by unchecking it .
this is the download firmware mode . it can be used to upgrade official firmware via samsung 's own odin software ( or the 3rd party heimdall ( also here ) ) . it is also used to install a custom aftermarket firmware like cyanogenmod . actually it allows more but installing firmware is the most common use .
i do not believe there is a way , which is strange . maybe because it can not be changed they do not think we need to know ? you can install an app called " screen resolution " which will display your phones resolution if you really want to see it on your phone .
in this specific case your friend is correct , but it can probably vary somewhat . we will take the galaxy nexus as an example since it is a reasonably accurate internal representation of the other samsung devices . the ifixit teardown helpfully identifies all of the major components of the device and their function . in step 5 they remove the wrapping from the battery to expose the nfc antenna underneath . later , in step 12 , they identify the nfc controller on the main motherboard . putting the controller itself on the battery is perhaps possible , but i would imagine it is not really realistically feasible . for one , it would probably increase the fabrication costs of the batteries an unacceptable amount ( the antenna , conversely , is likely not very pricey ) . it would also require the battery to have some non-standard and comparatively complex circuitry to transmit data from the controller to the motherboard , whereas the antenna is basically served by a simple conductive contact to pass the signal along . this is mostly conjecture , though - i am not an electrical/hardware engineer ( i do not even play one on tv ) .
yes , it is likely to be the problem . i suppose it is a hack of yours if these apps are on sd rather than internal memory . as the android sdk mentions 1 , applications that use service , accountmanager and widget shoudl not be installed on sd card . the facebook app has an accountmanager , a widget and a service .
on my device ( sony ericsson xperia x10 ) it is , for example : echo /sdcard/debian.ext2 &gt; /sys/devices/platform/msm_hsusb/gadget/lun0/file  after it the content of file becomes available on the host . can write to sdcard file without unmounting it from android .
got these instructions from http://gadgetian.com/27505/htc-droid-incredible-vzw-gingerbread-update-4-08-605-2-dwonload/?replytocom=18668#respond it worked for me . my update is installing as we speak . : ) " here is the fix for those of you still stuck in limbo between the gingerbread rollout and the patch , and have not gotten another ota announcement again . clear borked upload from cache 1 . boot into recovery •press and hold power , choose “restart” option •when screen turns off , press and hold volume down and power 2 . when the white hboot screen appears , use the volume button to move down to “recovery . ” 3 . press the power button to select “recovery . ” 4 . when the triangle and exclamation appears , hold the volume up and power button at the same time . 5 . using the volume button , scroll down to “wipe cache partition” and select it . 6 . select “reboot system now” you can now wait for the update to show up again or you can follow steps below to force an update check : manually change the date on your phone to one year ago . this will trigger an automatic check in with the update servers and you will get the appropriate update . menu > settings > date and time un-check automatic to prevent the date and time from automatically updating change the date to one year ago ( under set date ) uncheck background data from settings menu under accounts and sync ( don’t really know if it makes a difference , but i did it anyway ) go back to the main settings and select about phone > check for update and follow the prompts ( i had to do this about three or four times . ) it went much smoother over wi-fi caution…when clicking install and reboot , it will stay at the droid eye screen after reboot for a while ( ~5 mins ) , but eventually , it did get installed . read more : http://gadgetian.com/27505/htc-droid-incredible-vzw-gingerbread-update-4-08-605-2-dwonload/#ixzz1guzigs1h "
camera details for android devices htc evo 4g ( pc world article , ov8812 sensor specs , engadget review , androidpolice review ) sensor size : 4.6mm × 3.5mm ( ~16.2mm² ) megapixels : 8mpix pixel density : 49mpix/cm² max aperture : can not find anywhere 35mm efl : 38mm max iso : 1250 low-light quality : ? color rendition ( subjective ) : good optics : jpeg and over-sharpening artifacts on sample images make it hard to even tell : ( raw output : ? responsiveness : very good htc droid incredible ( maximum pc article , ov8812 sensor specs , androidandme article ) sensor size : 4.6mm × 3.5mm ( ~16.2mm² ) megapixels : 8mpix pixel density : 49mpix/cm² max aperture : ? 35mm efl : ? max iso : ? low-light quality : ? color rendition ( subjective ) : quite good , some oversaturation optics : ? raw output : ? responsiveness : ? htc nexus one ( androidandme article ) sensor size : ? megapixels : ? pixel density : ? max aperture : ? 35mm efl : ? max iso : ? low-light quality : ? color rendition ( subjective ) : good optics : good raw output : ? responsiveness : ? motorola droid 2 ( maximum pc article ) sensor size : ? megapixels : ? pixel density : ? max aperture : ? 35mm efl : ? max iso : ? low-light quality : ? color rendition ( subjective ) : poor optics : ? raw output : ? responsiveness : ? motorola droid x ( pc world article , ov8812 sensor specs , droid x hack blog post , maximum pc article ) sensor size : 4.6mm × 3.5mm ( ~16.2mm² ) megapixels : 8mpix pixel density : 49mpix/cm² max aperture : f/2.8 35mm efl : 38mm max iso : ? low-light quality : ? color rendition ( subjective ) : good , although still somewhat oversaturated optics : pretty good , relatively speaking raw output : ? responsiveness : poor samsung epic ( maximum pc article ) sensor size : ? megapixels : ? pixel density : ? max aperture : ? 35mm efl : ? max iso : ? low-light quality : ? color rendition ( subjective ) : good , especially in natural light optics : ? raw output : ? responsiveness : ? samsung galaxy s ( pc world article , official specs ) sensor size : ? megapixels : 5 mp pixel density : ? max aperture : f/2.6 35mm efl : ? max iso : ? low-light quality : ? color rendition ( subjective ) : ? optics : ? raw output : ? responsiveness : ? samsung nexus s ( official specs from google ) sensor size : 3.9 mm × 2.9 mm ( as calculated from 35 mm efl ) megapixels : 5mpix ( 2560×1920=4,915,200 ) pixel density : 44.2 mpix/cm² ( as calculated from 35mm efl ) max aperture : f/2.8 [ source ] focal length : 3.63 mm [ source ] 35mm efl : 32 mm ( as observed ) max iso : 400 [ source ] low-light quality : ? color rendition ( subjective ) : ? optics : ? raw output : no responsiveness : ? other camera phones for comparative purposes only apple iphone 4 ( pc world article , falk lumo blog post , maximum pc article ) sensor size : 4.5mm × 3.4mm ( ~15.5mm² ) megapixels : 5mpix ( 2592×1936=5,018,112 ) pixel density : 33mpix/cm² max aperture : f/2.8 35mm efl : 29mm max iso : 1000 low-light quality : eh . no miracles . color rendition ( subjective ) : mediocre — tends towards over-saturated , some hue shifts optics : okay , not great . good detail , medium sharpness , moderate distortion raw output : no responsiveness : decent-to-good nokia n8 ( nokia specs page , gsmarena blog post , dpreview forum post ) sensor size : 7.0mm × 5.2mm ( ~36.8mm² ) megapixels : 12mpix pixel density : 33mpix/cm² max aperture : f/2.8 35mm efl : 28mm max iso : 1200 low-light quality : ? color rendition ( subjective ) : ? optics : ? raw output : ? responsiveness : ?
i would first test by adding a 1 to a number and having them call you . android should be smart enough to treat them identically but google voice might not play nicely . i am not sure of the specifics of how gvoice works , but keep in mind that your contacts are calling google and google is calling you . somehow they pass on your contact 's number , but it is spoofed , and your phone is probably relying on the " real " number ( i.e. . google 's number ) for choosing the ringtone .
stylish 1.3b1 adds support for firefox mobile .
i got it done via iptables . first , open the terminal , run su , and type ip route show . this will show which interfaces are currently being used . in my case , i had wlan0 for the wireless hotspot and rndis0 for the usb tether . second , run the following iptables commands , replacing wlan0 and rndis0 with your actual interfaces : # iptables -I FORWARD -i rndis0 -o wlan0 -j ACCEPT # iptables -I FORWARD -i wlan0 -o rndis0 -j ACCEPT this will cause the phone to forward the traffic between the two computers . to revert back to normal settings , i simply restart my phone .
as long as the material of your clothes or bag contains no metallic element that could block the gps signal then your phone should be able to receive a gps signal fine while in your bag or pocket . i use the htc desire almost daily to record gps tracks , and generally keep it in my jacket pocket and have noticed no problems with the gps positioning . those problems i do have are related to travelling through built up areas or in buildings . you should remember that gps can be less accurate in dense urban areas as the receiver may be able to see some sky , but that patch of sky may not contain enough gps satellites for a direct fix . the signal may also be affected by weather , particularly humidity . have you tried any other applications , as it could perhaps be the app that is causing the poor performance you are seeing . for recording running i can particularly recommend runkeeper , i have been using it for six months now and it works really well , plus has some really good online features . for general gps recording the my tracks app is also pretty good . i would suggest trying a couple of different apps and comparing the results . if they are all showing gaps or jumps in the gps track then it may well be something to do with the way you are using your phone ( or the area you are in ) .
what i have done in the past ( and appears to have worked here , too ) : go to Settings-&gt;Applications-&gt;Manage Applications clear the data/cache for the media storage app ( it is a system service/app ) unmount and remount your sd card via some means . re-launching a music app after doing this will force it to rebuild the database , which can take a little bit of time but will ultimately refresh the list to reflect the most recent contents of the sd card .
i had the same issue on my n7 . the answer for me was to lock the boot loader , then unlock it again . hope this helps and saves some time instead of flashing the entire os .
for that , you had need a local dns server on your local network , which gets updated by the dhcp server assigning the ip to that machine ( many routers offer this feature ) . you can then tell your android device to use that dns as primary when connected to your wifi network , while leaving the secondary as-is ( so the latter would still resolve everything outside your network ) . this option is located in the wifi apn settings : long-press the entry for your home wifi , select to edit it , enable " advanced options " .
first , make sure you have java runtime environment installed ( version 1.5 or higher ) and try running the server program from the . bat file instead of the . jar file . then check your software firewalls if they have blocked the application from acting as a server , and finally check your router for port redirection ( udp , 57110 ) if you have a nat setup between your wi-fi access point and the machine acting as a server . also it could be worthwhile to check that the ip of the pc has not changed since you checked it last , or if you can make it static .
you will need to purchase an unlock code . you will probably find a number of companies via google a i have used a couple , which i am not sure i am allowed to post here so i recommend you visit modaco , the site run by paul o'brien of custom rom and rooting fame . click the android part of the site and at the bottom of the site or via a web banner to the right , you will see one of their official sponsors that does htc codes for $20 .
still no way without root . ( but i will post some quick links for root users . the old method ( need to edit settings . db with sqlite database browser ) : http://blog.pathany.com/2011/12/swype-on-kindle-fire.html new easier methods : [ guide ] get swype working without having to edit settings . db four simple steps to use alternative keyboards with kindle fire utility it is rather easy to obtain and revert root .
all that host-based card emulation ( hce ) does is it enables app authors to support more hardware : that is , devices that do not have the necessary secure element hardware . developers of apps that previously made contactless transactions using the secure element will now be able to make their apps work on devices that do not have that hardware . however , using hce is less secure than using a hardware secure element , so it is likely that payment card operators will choose not to support this . secure payment cards the obstacle that stops you reading your own cards into your phone ( cloning the cards ) is not related to the phone 's technology : it is because the card is designed to prevent this . the card contains a secret number that can not be accessed via an nfc transaction . to be more precise , there is no sanctioned way to do this : security researchers and criminals have found ways to use flaws in the design to clone various contactless payment cards . i would not recommend doing this , as doing so may constitute a criminal offence where you are , and will almost certainly make you liable for your bank 's losses should anything go wrong . in summary : the only difference that hce makes is that if your bank already offers an app to do this , but it does not work on your phone , it might ( if your bank chooses ) work after you upgrade to android 4.4 . door cards , etc . unlike the high-security payment cards , with processors and secret numbers , door entry cards and tags and the like often just have an id , which they present to the card reader . such cards are already very easy to clone . the main obstacle has been getting the the phone to present the desired id , and hce means there may well be an explosion of apps that are made for just this use case . ( see also can i clone my ( mifare classic ) access card with an android device ? . ) however , the long-term result of this is likely to be that door entry systems are changed to use challenge-response protocols and thus become harder to clone .
from the android 2.2 froyo users manual , specifically on pages 329 and 330 , is mentioned the following settings about auto correction features : to access : press " home " > press " menu " > touch settings . android keyboard settings screen the android keyboard settings apply to the onscreen keyboard that is included with your phone . the correction and capitalization features affect only the english version of the keyboard . auto-capitalization check to have the onscreen keyboard automatically capitalize the first letter of the first word after a period , the first word in a text field , and each word in name fields . quick fixes check to automatically correct some common misspellings as you type . show suggestions check to show suggested words in a strip above the onscreen keyboard as you type . see “using the onscreen keyboard” on page 29 . auto-complete check to automatically enter a suggested word , highlighted in orange in the strip above the keyboard , when you enter a space or punctuation . see “using the onscreen keyboard” on page 29 . device keyboard settings screen this settings screen is available only if your phone has a physical keyboard . auto-replace check to correct misspelled words as you type . auto-cap check to capitalize the first letter of the first word in sentences . auto-punctuate check to insert a period ( . ) when you press the space key twice in a row depending on what exactly you wish to disable , you need to analyse all the above options to match your criteria .
is not really an answer , but . . . there is wifi analyzer which shows more information on the wireless networks your device can reach . it gives you more detail than the average user would require . as far as i know , there is no application available on android ( yet ? ) that can " sniff packets " . would be an interesting application to have in the pocket .
to remove any system default applications your phone must be rooted . and using this system app remover you can remove the system added applications . but you have to do this on your own risk . i have been doing a lot of research on android mobiles , i can tell that your system might not work properly if you remove any system added applications . but most of the applications work fine without any issue . updated system app remover is a paid application . there is one free application called root app delete . have a look at this . .
unfortunately , that is not how it works :/ though we would all love the official ics versions rolled out to the nexus s and galaxy nexus devices , they are designed specifically for the hardware of those phones ; thus is the nature of android . so , if you want something similar , the only way you will be able to get it is a 3rd party rom . the only official os versions for each phone are the ones rolled out by each provider , in your case , samsung .
i have a quick step-by-step guide to help you " join " your contacts - in other words , take two separate contacts and make them one ! open the people application . navigate to one of your duplicate contacts ( any one will do ) and tap it to open it up . in the top-right corner , tap the 3 dots . this is the settings menu . select " edit " . again , in the top-right corner , tap the 3 dots . select " join " . android will now ask you to select which contact to join this contact with . select one of the other duplicates of this contact and android will join the contacts into one contact ! rinse and repeat until all of the duplicate contacts have been " joined " into one single contact .
if you want to have any cellular functions apart from placing emergency calls , you have to have an actual cellular plan through a carrier . picture it this way : if you buy a land line phone for your house , take it out of the box , program speed dials , and set it on your table without plugging it into a phone line , you will not be able to receive any phone calls . your cell phone is simply a tablet until you activate a cellular plan through your carrier for it . also , the ability to place emergency calls is a feature on all cell phones that is not dependent on carriers . here is a list of uk carriers .
yes there is ! today netflix released an offical app . netflix blog post about release . currently netflix playback is supported on the following phones : htc incredible with android 2.2 htc nexus one with android 2.2 , 2.3 htc evo 4g with android 2.2 htc g2 with android 2.2 samsung nexus s with android 2.3 if you do not have one of these devices but you do have an htc or samsung device you can try this method here to make the netflix app work on your device . i have not tried this myself as i have one of the supported devices . try this at your own risk
perform a factory reset then write to the memory and reset again . this is the best way i have found to prevent data remnance . i was aware that with a magnetic based drive there is almost always data remnanace . i believe the standard to effectively erase info on a magnetic drive is erasing and re-writing over the drive 7-20 times ( do not quote me on those number ) . i was under the impression that once you erased data from flash storage it was gone for good but recalled the story of a woman finding porn on her refurbished evo . so , i asked about data remnance at superuser on flash memory and found that data sometimes can remain after it is deleted . the recommendation there was : formatting , writing to the memory and formatting again . to format , as the answers above suggested , i performed a factory reset . this can be done one of two ways on the droid : go to the " settings " menu , choose " privacy " then choose " factory data reset " do a hard reset ultimately i just did the factory reset because i was too lazy to load the system memory up and i suspect that 99.99% the factory reset is sufficient , but it is good to know what the risks are .
problem may be caused by http proxy server . proxies help to manage web traffic on the providers end , but can and probably will disrupt access to local addresses . proxy options may be available in your network settings , but on many phones these options are hidden . an app such as http proxy settings will give access to the hidden settings . simply clear out the hostname and port for un-proxied access . make sure to write down original values so changes can be undone .
no . you can however , try to restore parts of it using titanium backup . it allows you to select apps to restore - that way you can get back the data .
i have seen some other reports avlbout 90 degree compass deviations , and they were reported on android 4.4.3 . now that was an extremely short lived version . on 4.4.4 the problem vanished . so i am still convinced that this was a 4.4.3 problem .
it just can not be done . similarly whatsapp too does not work on non gsm devices .
the camera api within android is not written to be able to capture raw . the camera firmware is at the kernel level and would require a custom kernel that is written with raw in mind . some of the post processing is being handled on the phone at the camera firmware level making it nearly impossible to find a way to actually capture raw images .
disclaimer : " safe " does not mean nothing can go wrong , particularly if you do not follow the instructions exactly . i make no guarantees , and you take the risks of rooting upon yourself . see this post for general rooting guidelines and an index of other devices for which we have rooting guides . if you have the original android 1.6 donut firmware on your device , upgrade it to 2.1 or higher . the official update page should bring you from 1.6 ( or 2.1 ) to 2.2 . the easiest method ( still safe ) &mdash ; 2.1 eclair , 2.2 froyo the easiest method is with gingerbreak . ( the 2.3.3 update patched the vulnerability used in gingerbreak , so if you have gingerbread then see the next section . ) on the device , go to Settings -&gt; Applications and make sure unknown sources and usb debugging ( under Development ) are checked . download the gingerbreak app via your pc and put it on the device 's sd card , or use the browser on the device . install a file browser like explorer since it appears the streak does not come with one . navigate to the gingerbreak . apk , install it , and run it to root your device . you are done ! the safest method ( still easy ) &mdash ; 2.2 froyo , 2.3 gingerbread you can attempt to root via other vulnerabilities but the safest method is probably to replace the stock recovery with streakmod and flash the superuser package through it , bypassing the need for hacks . this might work for 2.1 , but i have not tested it . ( wondering why this is safe ? the streak replaces the recovery with stock on boot . if you screw it up , it will fix itself ! ) install the android sdk on windows . ( you can use linux , but then you have to locate the fastboot package put out by htc at one point since it is not bundled with the sdk for linux . ) download streakmod and extract recovery.img from the . zip file to somewhere easily accessible , say C:\recovery.img . download the superuser package and put it on the device 's sd card . connect the phone to your pc via usb and put it into fastboot mode . the easiest way is through adb on the command line ( adjust the path if needed ) : cd C:\Program Files\Android\android-sdk\platform-tools adb reboot bootloader  alternatively , turn off the phone and then turn it on while holding the camera button . when you reach a white screen , release the camera button . when it loads , tap the FastBoot text button in the top right corner of the screen . you should see FASTBOOT_MODE in the bottom left of the screen when it is ready . from the command line ( adjust the paths if needed ) : cd C:\Program Files\Android\android-sdk\tools fastboot flash recovery C:\recovery.img  the device should show Download RECOVERY Done! when complete . continuing from the command line , enter fastboot reboot and immediately hold down both volume buttons on the device until you reach recovery mode . if the device boots , go back to step 4 ! the custom recovery has been overwritten with stock by the init scripts ; you need to get into streakmod before this happens . using the volume buttons , scroll down to 2. Software upgrade via Update.pkg on SD Card and select it by clicking the camera button . this will take you to streakmod recovery . using the same buttons as in the previous step , select apply sdcard:update.zip , then choose zip from sdcard . select Superuser.zip from wherever you put it ( e . g . , download/ ) . choose Yes - Install Superuser.zip and let it install . then back out ( using the back touch button ) and hit reboot system now . you are done ! if you want to keep streakmod recovery , use your new root powers to rename /system/etc/install-recovery.sh to something else like install-recovery.bak , then repeat steps 4-6a above . note that stock recovery can be downloaded and flashed just like streakmod , so there is not much to worry about if you decide to do this .
hi martin tapankov : yes . it is safe to remove the stock android keyboard application if you have already installed an alternative ime ( input method editor ) on your phone . you may go to " settings-> local and text-> text settings-> select input method " to select only one preferred ime and then reboot your phone to ensure it automatically picks up your ime . please bear in mind you should not install or move your preferred ime application to the sd card because , after your phone is restarted , the default ime will revert to android keyboard ( if you still have the stock android keyboard application installed ) or your phone will show a lot of forcecloses ( if you have uninstalled the stock android keyboard application ) . good luck ! fyi , i have already done this before on my samsung galaxy s epic 4g ( sph-d700 ) which comes with a hardware slide-out keyboard , so my risk factor has been much smaller than yours . :- )
yes there are ! currently i found a mame , gameboy , n64 , snes , scummvm ( emulates classic adventure titles like secret of monkey island , the dig , day of the tentacle , grim fandango and broken sword ) and a genesis emulator . all of them use the psx buttons but you need to configure all of them in the internal emulator configuration . i have them all installed but i only tested the mame , sness and scummvm emulator . i also have been told that some of these were removed from the market since they were paid apps that were copied from open source emulators . i have no idea about the legality of the use of emulators . since some of the apks are not available via market you will need to install a file manager and allow the android system to install apps that are not from the market . i really can not find the direct links to the emulators , but here it is their websites : gameboy n64oid snes a . d . scummvm genplus-droid ( genesis ) tiger emulator ( mame ) btw : the tiger emulator page says that it also emulates other platforms , i have only tried marvel vs capcom and metal slug . oh yeah , they also run great with zero lag but they will usually suck your battery dry . edit : i tested all of them and everyone works like a charm , with the exception of the n64 emulator . some games like mario kart 64 run ok and other like pillotwings64 are unplayable . double edit : i have been doing some research about psx emulators and some close friends have recommended me fpse ( free playstation emulator ) - it is supposed to be free but someone is selling it on the droid market . i have not got the chance to test it and i will only get my psx games after the weekend i believe that if someone does want to emulate psx , it seems like a good way to start .
this is happening because of an issue ( or a feature ? ) on stock samsung firmware . whenever you reboot the phone , the " show notifications " setting of apps that were moved to sd card will revert to its original state , which is to allow notifications . the work-around is to move the app back to the phone , and the setting will persist across reboots .
camera ptp mode means picture transfer protocol . this is probably why you can not see any videos . select usb mode and navigate to the same folder . make sure you are checking the right " camera " folder as you may have 2 , one on your sd card and one in the internal phone memory .
i have solved this problem . it was because of huge network traffic on the dhcp server , due to which the ack was not able to reach through wi-fi to the samsung galaxy android .
yes , most devices support up to 7 devices connected at once . i do not have a galaxy s4 to test on , but it seems unlikely it would only support one . more likely , there is a particular problem with one of the devices involved . you should post a new question about why bluetooth is not working properly for you , giving full details of the devices you are using , what steps you take , and what happens .
the " device offline " output means that the device is detected , but it refuses any operation because the user did not allow that particular computer to connect ( secure adb ) . your device is up and running , and displaying a confirmation window on its non-functioning screen . you could try to power the device on and blindly hit the ok button after unlocking the screen , then all adb commands should work . alternatively , if you have used adb with another computer , try it with that . also , all devices offer some kind of id even in this state , displayed by " adb devices" ; this is the serial number most of the time . see if it is the right format . edit : " fastboot devices " should show the serial number too . also , it should be easy to put the n7 into fastboot mode even without a screen .
the first thing you need to do is to check your tablet version . my suspicion is that it is not running honeycomb ( android 3.0+ or the tablet version of android ) but actually a heavily modded phone version of android ( i.e. android 2.1-2.3 ) . go to settings -> about phone ( or something similar . each manufacturer changes how you access this ) if it is indeed running the version of android meant for phones , then the market might be complaining to your tablet because you might be trying to download apps meant for honeycomb . the online market automatically updates to include additional devices when you activate them ( i.e. when you initially do the android setup and sign in to your google account ) . make sure you select the drop down and check if there is another option . also make sure you activated both devices under the same account . -i know i should have made this a comment but its too long of an answer for one . :p
this is too big for a comment , so here goes : both articles cite one and the same mcafee report . mcafee is a security products vendor , hardly an impartial observer to the malware scene . mcafee does not have products which for ios devices , but they most certainly do for android devices . and paid , too . turns out they might have for both platforms . i can not be bothered to install itunes to verify . android is the fastest-growing mobile platform , and with an absolutely crazy 73%+ growth rate , and now has 48% market share , compared to just 10% in the beginning of 2010 . no big surprise here -- this is just a marketing ploy by a security vendor to sell more products . the same trick they pulled off with other av vendors that they did with pcs in the mid-2000s . as an aside , security is not all that much platform-dependent as it is people-dependent . most of the largest security breaches are caused by social engineering attacks rather than technical limitations . i have yet to see with my eyes an android malware application , it has always been beyond me how people manage to get infected . see also this related question on whether you need av on your android ( short answer -- no ) . your phone should be secure as long as you use common sense while installing and using applications . do not trust anything that is on the market play store , the same way as you would not trust a random pc program , or a facebook " app " for that matter . ios and anrdoid security concerns pop here and there in the news occasionally , but from observing both markets for some time i am fairly convinced that both platforms offer reasonable ( technical ) protection to their users , and offending applications are removed with short notice . google has even removed malware applications from devices without user discretion at least once .
there is no setting available in any android rom that has the battery threshold setting . from the previous answer given , it is built in . only course of option is to roll your own android build , with the hard-coded value adjusted , but , and is a big but indeed , it is not the recommended route to take , as the code behind android to handle the battery mechanism varies from chip-set to chip-set and to each and their own manufacturer . by adjusting it , there could be invariable damage to the battery as a result , since the threshold is specified , by " tweaking " it could affect the battery in the long run and possibly end up shortening the battery life also .
google now by default will think that you are in the usa . the app pulls your home address from google latitude . this is also how it knows when you are home and it is the basics for traffic info . to change this go into : Maps -&gt; Location History (tab)  here you can set both your home and work address .
there is an app called remote web desktop by smartdog studio . it enables access to your phone through your desktop 's browser , over the local network ( i.e. . no connection to the internet is necessary ( i use it with both phone and desktop on the same wifi ap ) ; phone acts as http ( s ) server on non-standard port ( configurable ) ) . the simplest method is " shared clipboard": select the text on your phone , copy to clipboard , and it is immediately accessible from the desktop computer . the app has a free ( ad-supported ) and paid ( ~$4 usd ) version ; the free version allows connection over http , paid also offers https . full disclosure : i am a ( happy ) user of this app , no other connection .
to detect tampering , firmware updates are signed and ( if you are using the recovery program that shipped with the phone ) the signature is verified before install . after a mandatory confirmation from you that the installation should start , after a reboot , the recovery program will first verify this signature and only then install the new firmware . note that you will always get a prompt for a rom update . besides allaying security concerns and giving you a bit more control over the proceedings , this gives you the opportunity to : make sure the battery is charged or that the phone is plugged into the mains . back up any data you fear may be lost should the upgrade go wrong . do a bit of research into the improvements in this firmware version , and decide whether it is worth your time . so yes , firmware updates are secure and even if you are concerned , an update to the actual os will not be installed without your confirmation .
the htc sensation uses a capacitive touchscreen , so any standard capacitive stylus will work for touch-based input . simply be sure you do not purchase a stylus designed for a resistive touchscreen .
tf201 is not supported on cm11 , so your choices are to go with official nightlies ( which are not stable ) of cm10.1 from here or unofficial cm11 from here . neither of these are stable or officially supported releases . the google apps version you should use depends on the cm version you choose to flash . if you are using cm11 , use the 20140105 gapps . if you are using cm10.1 , use the 20130812 gapps .
you should try to set up an " application specific " password for your tab , and enter that password when you enter your account details . now you totally avoid the second screen asking for the code . you can create an application specific password at https://accounts.google.com/b/0/issuedauthsubtokens ( at least that is the one i use ) kind regards joern
here is what i would do : clean way your sd card image is stored in the following location : ~/.android/avd/&lt;avd name&gt;.avd/sdcard.img  stackexchange-url so , if your avd is named screen_large , then your image file would be at : ~/.android/avd/SCREEN_LARGE.avd/sdcard.img  i am using a mac but i am sure the location for the . android folder should be inside of your ' user ' folder as well . you can then duplicate this file and then use it with another avd . less clean way copy all of your files/folders that you want off of the old image from adb : adb pull &lt;dir or file&gt;  how to use adb pull then , using adb create a brand new image : mksdcard &lt;size&gt; &lt;file&gt;  mksdcard can be found in the tools/ directory of your sdk folder . then load the avd with the new image : emulator -sdcard &lt;filepath&gt;  once the avd has loaded your new image , you can then push your files : adb push &lt;dir or file&gt;  info taken from google page : http://developer.android.com/tools/devices/emulator.html#sdcard i hope this helped !
after failing to avoid freezing by sw settings , i resorted to last resort : baking motherboard . : ) result : device is bricked . it wont even start . i will buy a new motherboard .
as andrás ' comment says , the nexus 4 uses slimport not mhl . i use this slimport adaptor to connect my n4 to a tv .
what a nightmare . i have spent the last 2-3 weeks trying to have htc work with me to resolve the issue . their customer service had been frustrating . after factory reseting my phone to no avail , it was concluded the only possible cause of the issue is that my software was outdated . it turns out , my phone had never updated its software . ever . this is something i would expect to be done automatically , but htc would not accept blame nor would they blame at and t or me for not manually checking for updates constantly . they also somehow do not have access to any of the updates i missed ( that they own ) . an escalated tech support person said to have the software updated , i would have to send my phone in for repair or he had have to contact " corporate " to gain access to the updates . what ? in the meantime , he suggested a couple troubleshooting steps which , after reviewing my ticket , he saw had not been tried . one of them worked and that was to go to : settings > power > power saver . turn power saver off and uncheck data connection . i am not exactly sure what this does - most likely results in my power draining faster - but it works and i do not feel like dealing with htc anymore . to be clear , i do not think this is a perfect solution , more of an acceptable stop-gap . i assume that having the phone software completely up to date would resolve the problem , but since htc is unable to provide me with their updates , this is what i have to go with . hopefully this helps someone else .
the free space difference can be accounted by three relevant factors that may end up giving you some misleading information about the real space available on your internal storage : the free space reported the free space reported at the end of the " manage applications " screen is rounded to mb , and it gives you a general free space estimation based on the moment you opened said screen , and it gets updated from time to time ( by my tests about every minute ) . i have mentioned " rounded " because if you access the " storage settings " panel , you will get a clear picture regarding the free space available , down to kb . the app allocation as already mentioned by t0mm13b , an application may be entirely moved to the sdcard or leave a portion behind , this issue is more related with the development of the application itself and there is no standard rules to follow . i have performed an exercise with " angry birds " , and while the download mentioned 20mb , after installed it consumed 24mb . after moving it to the sdcard using the option for this end under " manage applications " screen , 1.85mb were left behind on the internal storage , plus 4kb of data . temporary system files from other applications or running services while i was writing this answer , the free space reported varied between 2mb , this tells us that the os is constantly creating and freeing up space depending on the stuff running . there may exist other factors that concern the ext4 file system specifications used by gingerbread , but i do not believe they better account for the 2mb difference . by the three points mentioned above , while performing an exercise with the application you have mentioned using a device with a stock gingerbread rom , i have managed to account for 2mb of difference , just like the space you have mentioned . determine internal and external space occupied following up on the comments , regarding a way to accurately know how much an app occupies on the device , and being able to view it by external or internal storage , the most accurate application i am currently using is sandisk memory zone by sandisk corp . available for free from google play store . open the application select the desired storage check the details about it
edited found the official source where can be read that the motorola droid x build was renamed to shadow : also worthy of note : the new release files have a slightly modified naming-scheme , including the codename instead of the commercial/common name in the filename . so the following is a handy “translation chart” to make sure you don’t mis-identify your device . . . . . . shadow - motorola droid x . . . original answer at cyanogenmod downloads , the build identified by cdma_shadow stopped at cm_shadow_full-154.zip ( the available links are broken ) . when they were resumed , they have been renamed to shadow , being shadow the codename for the droid x . droid x formerly known as droid xtreme , has the development codename " shadow " . cdma stands for : code division multiple access . it is the general system used for 3g services . related information : cdma technology - cdma is a wireless technology standard used by verizon wireless in all of its phones , and by certain other carriers in the countries listed at this link . trying further to justify this answer : here 's the metadata found at /META-INF/com/android/metadata for the cm-7-20120624-nightly-shadow . zip where can be seen the reference to the cdma_shadow : post-build=verizon/shadow_vzw/cdma_shadow/shadow:2.2.1/VZW/23.340:user/ota-rel-keys,release-keys post-timestamp=1289194863 pre-device=cdma_shadow  and yet the information presented on the menu hover effect : besides from this , the cyanogenmod documentation , forums and wiki pages reveal no better insight and are mentioned to be outdated . this seams to be the best official justification for the build rename .
the transfer was probably corrupted . the problem is probably with the host os , and not with your phone . what os and what program were you using to copy the files ? did you remember to " eject " the phone from the computer to make sure everything was synchronized ? are the files on the phone the right size ? if you plug the phone back into the computer can you look at them successfully there ? ( or try copying them off and looking at the copies . )
the equivalent of an ipod in the android world would be one of these two : a handset with no telephony at all , this will be wifi only an example of this is the samsung galaxy player . a prepaid handset phone , this will still connect to wifi , but later on if you wanted , you could connect it to a phone network an example of this is the lg optimus v on virgin mobile . as long as the manufacturer supports it ( check the product page , but i think most do nowadays ) , you will be able to download apps from the google play store . you will also be able to download from alternate stores depending on the device . finally , i think all android devices can download from the amazon appstore .
yes , it is : titanium backup can restore from nandroid backups ( which is what cwm created ) appextractor can extract individual apps/data from nandroid backups nandroid browser lets you . . . guess what : ) and then there is nandroid manager to browse them , restore single items , etc . further readings : the nandroid tag-wiki restore only part of nandroid image extract app data from nandroid / cwm backup
android 3 ( honeycomb ) offers full system encryption natively . however , as it is only for tablets at this point i will post some other avenues . there was some work done on this for the g1 using luks and cryptsetup . i think i have seen this on a moto droid rom too , but you will definitely need root . it is not trivial to do , and there is not too much interest so popular roms like cyanogenmod do not provide for this natively . there are some apps in the market that support encrypted file stores ( check out lock files ) . i have no idea how transparent that is on the system however . to your italicized point on remote wipe . there are many solutions for this . if you are using exchange you can push this with activesync , if not apps like lookout , and more provide remote wipe and other functions . there are even manual ways w/ dyndns and a listening ssh server . hope i was some help .
if you do not mind to end up with cyanogenmod9 ( ice-cream-sandwich ) : here 's the full update guide from cyanogenmod 's wiki : http://oldwiki.cyanogenmod.org/wiki/nexus_s:_full_update_guide here are builds ( go for release candidates or stable builds for cm9 ) : http://get.cm/?device=crespo recovery images are here : http://www.clockworkmod.com/rommanager/ flash via ' fastboot flash recovery [ recovery . img ]
your app does not do oauth/openid , instead it uses android 's integrated auth model via a special permission : YOUR ACCOUNTS USE THE AUTHENTICATION CREDENTIALS OF AN ACCOUNT Allows the app to request authentication tokens.  colornote , for example , does not need this permission and thus must get an auth token via the browser . it ends up in the list in the link you provided if you authorize it and you can revoke given permission for colornote via your assumed method . that is why you will not find google 's drive , youtube , maps and so on in the list either as they also use android 's integrated auth token permission . pro/cons : integrated : less friction for the user , depends on google apps and a google account openid : no google apps required , works with accounts from any openid provider ( see this site 's login support for any provider )
i found a reason of my problem . before installing android file transfer i installed kies . after installing aft i uninstall the kies . i understand that when i uninstall the kies uninstall usb driver too . so installed kies again and aft is working ! ! ! its really cool application !
there are several gestures which are not really supported on mobile devices including right clicking , hovering and most keyboard shortcuts . it is up to website developers to recognize this when designing their user interfaces and either build in alternative gestures or simply rely on universal input methods like clicking/tapping . your best bet would be to contact the owner of the website you are having trouble with .
try uninstalling and then re-installing said app - be forewarned though that most ram boosters / memory cleaners are absolutely redundant in android . due to the nature of pre-loading your most used apps in order to give them better latency , there is little to no point of running these memory cleaners . in fact , by running them , you lose a bit of your battery as the os has to run the processor to select and pre-load other apps . yes - moving an app to the sd card usually prevents it from starting up at boot - this is also why widgets or apps that have some sort of notification / reminder / push message need to remain in internal memory . you can run a script ( if you are rooted ) or you can use an app like tasker / llama to run an app depending on a particular set of conditions .
system memory , internal memory is a mis-leading thing , its actually referring to storage space which is a very different thing to the meaning ram often referred as memory ! the reference to storage - system as in /system would be more accurate . when you download an app from the play store , it must be installed into the /data . from there you can actually move the app to the sd-card . on stock vanilla android , the option is there ' move to sd card ' . now by the sound of it , its as if it is indeed moving the app to the sdcard , but its not really a sdcard , its how an internal storage space ( think of usb flash drives ) , is treated as an /sdcard but in reality , you have internal and external storage , the latter being the actual micro sd card slotted in place . its a bit confusing how it works , from a developer 's perspective , when a check is carried out for an sd card , android seemingly " tells " the developer that the internal storage is treated as an /sdcard . also , to compound confusion even more , there is also a symbolic link to the real sdcard , /external/sdcard as well - this bit is dependent on what device/manufacturer is in question . yes , this is the expected behaviour , whichever storage ( from a view point of android and the hardware device 's file-system priority , is treated as " sdcard" ) . in short , nothing you can do , apart from using app 2 sd , but then again , that could fall into the same trap as i mentioned previously about the developer 's perspective . edit after the op has edited their question to include the device , after looking at gsmarena MEMORY Card slot microSD, up to 32GB Internal 1 GB storage, 384 MB RAM  yup , it looks definitely like as if the internal storage is treated in this fashion as an " sdcard " . . . the naming is misleading . what is really meant , is : internal ( phone ) storage 157mb , internal sd-card ( emmc ) 1024mb
from @eldarerathis -- do you have busybox installed ? have you tried mount -o bind /path/to/dir1 /path/to/dir2 ( i think the busybox version supports that on android ) ?
according to the google play business and program policies , you may re-install any app you have purchased , unlimited . ( also if the app has been updated since you bought it ) . based on my experience it works like that indeed : i have updated and re-installed paid apps without any issue . please note that the re-install/update also works on any other android device that uses the same google account .
on june 2 , 2012 , picplz announced that they would be closing permanently as of july 3 , 2012 picplz . not only does it give you a number of effects you can apply to your images ( like hipstamatic ) but also automatically posts to facebook , twitter , flickr , tumblr , posterous , foursquare , and can backup to a dropbox folder .
so i could not wait and went out and bought one . turns out gifs work relatively well . all of them animate . however , too heavy a page can really bog down performance . tumblr , for instance , only works well if i turn off unlimited scrolling . with only one or two gifs on the page , they animate well . with a large page , gifs will animate , but slowly while skipping some frames . all in all , it is a usable experience .
i have found that if i search for an address ( or other location ) , not too long after that i get a card with driving directions to that location . if i tap the card , i am asked if i " care about travel time to this location " . usually i say no , but if i say yes i will have a new card that gives me the travel time to that location , just like for work or home . in case you are wondering , the place to edit your work or home is Settings | My stuff | Places... . only home and work are available for me , but maybe they will add some more custom locations in the future .
use z-device test app . check the gps signal , camera , compass , accelerometer , microphone , speakers , wifi signals , bluetooth , gsm / umts , fm radio , display , battery , cpu , memory , vibration , usb , audio / video , operating system , light sensor , proximity sensor , temperature sensor , flash sensor , nfc near field comunication , barometer , the detection of navstar satellites in the constellation jointly and individually , . . etc . .
in general , custom roms are free . to date , i am not aware of any custom rom that is paid ( at least for the custom roms i have used for my samsung galaxy s2 , s4 and nexus 7 ) . however , you can donate to the developers if you wish . rooting and installing the custom rom yourself is free , assuming you accept all the risks , which includes bricking ( or destroying ) your phone . if you are not confident enough to perform the rooting and installation of a custom rom , you can ask an experienced person to do it for you . of course , they may or may not request for payment .
this issue was solved under jelly beans .
android is not designed to let you control what is running and what not . a badly developed app can drain your power overnight . in such a case a reboot can improve the situation for a while . however if you encounter pre-installed apps running you never want to use you can disable them under settings -> apps . afterwards they can not be started anymore , neither manually by the user nor automatically .
f-stop media gallery does exactly that . you can preview photos and it has an on-screen 5 star rating and " favorite " button . unfortunately , the tags do not " stay " with the photo if you upload to google+ or facebook .
this is not an android question , but more like a generic mobile question . but to answer your question : yes , the old one will still work . sim cards are not tied to cellphones . so , you can always transfer sim cards to other phones that have sim card slots , assuming that the phone allows the network your sim card is for . i.e. if the phone is locked to a specific network , then only sim cards for that network is allowed . of course , you can remove this limitation by unlocking the phone .
you almost always lose root when installing an ota update . i would keep an eye on rootzwiki or droidforums for someone to confirm that it can be rooted or someone to release a rooted update .
to deviate from the generic notification ringtone , the app itself needs to support it . are you using the stock email and sms apps ? gmail , at least , allows for changing the notification ringtone that it uses . ( in fact , you can setup individual notifications by account by label . )
every mobile battery has an inbuilt thermistor , ( which is a transducer which varies its resistance with respect to its temperature ) with which the charging circuit constantly measures the battery temperature . it can even prevent charging the battery if the temperature reaches dangerous level and by controlling its temperature , the life of battery is increased . mobile battery has more than two terminals , one of which is for this thermistor . see the image in my question asked in this site .
there is an outstanding bug on this , from november 2008 , with no sign of a fix . it is a real pita , and a really obvious issue .
i fixed it ! the trick was to clear the cache and data for google keyboard . settings => apps => all* => google keyboard => {clear data , clear cache} * be sure to go to ALL instead of RUNNING . the instance under RUNNING will not give you the correct data clearing options .
most probably the test is inconsistent . have you tried repeating the test at least 100 times to have pseudo-valid statistic results ? and are you sure the emulator is a valid platform on where to test such low-level things ? it may be optimised for the dalvik vm . best guess is to try it on a real device , like the new nexus 5 or waiting for the nexus 4 and nexus 7 updates .
the problem lies in the number of rows on the screen . on the screenshot in the question , there are six rows designated for shortcuts and widgets . if the number of rows is reduced to five the music widget comes out as it should : screenshot ( click for larger variant )
yes : make sure adb is installed on your pc ( see e.g. is there a minimal installation of adb ? ) make sure you have usb debugging enabled ( settings &rarr ; development ) connect your device to the pc via usb on the pc , open a command prompt and type adb reboot recovery your device should now reboot into recovery mode .
most barcode readers can recognize addresses . for calendar entries , this might vary ; but give qr droid a try , which promises not only to read , but also create them : contacts , bookmarks , apps , geo-locations , events , and even sms can be encoded as well as decoded . also 2d barcodes ( on products ) should be supported .
at least one plugin exists . adobe flash . note that plugins and extensions are not the same . the default aosp browser does not support extensions .
the javascript engine in android 's browser/webview can be either javascriptcore ( lower end phones ) or v8 ( higher end phones ) . chrome also uses v8 . both engines are written in c++ . javascript is never compiled to java bytecode , instead it is interpreted and/or jit compiled into arm bytecode . my guess on why v8 on pc is much faster than v8 on android is probably because jit compilation to x86 is more mature than jit compilation to arm .
note : answering my own question as nobody knew . i did a packet capture after selecting menu -> accounts and sync -> auto-sync ( also accessible via the " power control " widget ) . what did i discover ? to my horror ( http requests from phone displayed below ) : and my contacts and calendar are being transmitted unencrypted ! i do not currently synchronize gmail so i could not say if that is unencrypted either . also the stock market application ( which must be a service because i do not have the widget displayed or the application active ) : completely unencrypted request for stock quotes : just think , you could sit in starbucks in the financial centre of your city and packet-sniff what quotes were important to all the smart phone users around you . . other items that were not encrypted : http request to htc.accuweather.com time request to time-nw.nist.gov:13 ( does not even use ntp ) about the only data that is encrypted on my phone are the mail accounts i set up with the k-9 application ( because all my mail accounts use ssl - and fortunately gmail accounts are , by default , ssl ; and yahoo ! mail supports imap using ssl too ) . but it seems none of the auto-sync'd data from the out-of-box phone is encrypted . this is on a htc desire z with froyo 2.2 installed . lesson : do not use phone on open wireless network without vpn encrypted tunnelling ! ! ! note , packet capture taken by using tshark on ppp0 interface on virtual node running debian connected to android phone via openswan ( ipsec ) xl2tpd ( l2tp ) .
i have discovered a solution for this problem . the only apparent way around it is to change the keyboard from the default keyboard to the swype keyboard . click here if you would like to know what swype is ; at first i was a little dubious , but it really is quite marvellous and accurate ! why this resolves the problem , i do not know , but i am just happy that it does and am certain that this will provide some respite to those of you who are also experiencing this annoying problem .
ok , i finally found it . i need to click on " edit/modify " close to the e-mail addresses in the google account setting https://www.google.com/settings/ then the hidden nickname option appears . thank you for your suggestions .
you can find your cached videos here : /data/data/com . facebook . katana/files/video-cache nb : to open that path , you will need your phone to be rooted and a root explorer
what if you used tasker/locale with this plugin ? you could then turn off data using apndroid .
google maps 5.0 has an offline mode that will allow you to view maps without an internet connection . google is now caching large areas on android devices based on what areas they frequently search in google maps from their android phone or tablet . this means people living in new york city , for example , will always have local street and area maps content . but if that is not satisfactory , there is always mapdroyd : mapdroyd stores map files locally on your device using our highly compressed and efficient micromap format which is designed and optimized for embedded devices .
here they say , installing samsung kies should solve the problem . i have not tried it yet , but it is available on samsung 's official website for their various phone models .
you can use either the way geff_chang suggested or use android service menus in the service menu , it is located at Software info -&gt; Phone info you can always use third party apps as well .
deodexed roms do not have the . odex files integrated into the . apk 's , they are removed . what eldareathis meant in his answer to the other question is that the reliance of the . apk 's on the . odex files is removed ; some information is integrated back into the . apk , but not the actual . odex file itself . the deodexing section of this page has technical details : http://code.google.com/p/smali/wiki/deodexinstructions deodexed roms may be slightly slower because of this ; however i believe that as the dalvik cache is built up from using the rom , the performance gap is minimized .
is something like this available somewhere ? not at the moment , although there are a couple vim-style text editor : vim touch avim editor however these are currently implemented as an application , not as an ime . what would it take to develop it ? what places in android must be modified ? is there some easy plugin framework where you just fill in some functions and you provide a new text editing method ? android provides the framework for creating custom keyboard ( officially known as ime ) . anyone that is interested in creating a vim-style ime for android should check out creating input method .
in the comments , ce4 pointed out what was going wrong . a space gets inserted automatically after each exclamation mark ( and probably other sentence limiting characters like full stop , half stop or question mark too ) , resulting in an invalid password with a space char too much . whenever i enter an exclamation mark , i also enter the following character , use backspace twice and then enter the following character again . seems to be the simplest solution yet . samsung should consider turning off these weird auto-complete stuffs in password boxes !
you first have to convert both dates to seconds using variable convert . then subtract those two values to get the number of seconds between the two dates and convert that value to the number of days by /24/60/60 ( hours/minutes/seconds ) . here is a sample task that illustrates using 08-01-2014 as %startdate and today ( %date ) which is 08-23-2014 as %today . the result is 22 days . a1: variable set [ name:%startdate to:08-01-2014 do maths:off append:off ] a2: variable convert [ name:%startdate function:date time to seconds store result in:%startdateinseconds ] a3: variable set [ name:%today to:%date do maths:off append:off ] a4: variable convert [ name:%today function:date time to seconds store result in:%todayinseconds ] a5: variable set [ name:%secondssince to:%todayinseconds - %startdateinseconds do maths:on append:off ] a6: variable set [ name:%dayssince to:%secondssince / 24 / 60 / 60 do maths:on append:off ] you could shorten this a bit by eliminating a3 and replacing %today with %date in a4 . also , you could combine a5 and a6 by using ( %todayinseconds - %startdateinseconds ) / 24 / 60 / 60 . i split it up only to show the individual steps better .
boxcryptor is in alpha stage now . https://market.android.com/details?id=com.boxcryptor.android
you did not explicitely mention it , but from the context i assume you are using a device with android 4.4 ( kitkat ) . with that , google " pimped " the dialer . phonearena writes on this in an article called google makes the dialer awesome again : this is why you want android 4.4 kitkat : i think the best new addition though comes in the changes to caller id , because that has been supercharged with google as well . now , any time you call a number , or receive a call from a number that can be matched to a google maps business record , google will show you that business name , and possibly a picture ( though that part of the feature has been a bit dodgy so far ) , instead of just the phone number . this means far fewer mystery phone numbers in your call history , and if you are like me , it means even more than that . ( emphasis mine ) also see android 4.4 kitkat dialer will add google+ caller id and enhanced search options for a second source , and androidpolice 's google does caller id : kitkat 4.4 matches numbers against google places , and starting in 2014 , google personal accounts for a third . if it is not that , you most likely have a callerid app ( pre- ) installed which does the same : matching numbers of incoming calls against some online database .
unlikely to be possible in this context , as dalvik cache has a fixed system-wide location ( /data/dalvik-cache ) . so you cannot have " linked apps place their dalvik cache directly on sd " . either all or nothing . take a look at the app2sd tag-wiki for alternative approaches which might allow to move the entire dalvik cache to your sdcard . but a selective move imho is impossible . remark : an exception to this general rule are odexed roms , where the .odex files sit in the same place as the app , at least for system apps . so there might be a way to do the same for " user apps " which i have missed . )
it was current data usage from settings > data usage > show on lockscreen .
is your nexus 4 100% stock ? ( i.e. . no xposed module changes , or low-level tweaks like status bar mods and dpi changes ) . verification will fail if the system files on your device do not match factory/the expected ones . i had this happen to me several times with both my n4 and n5 . reverting the changes i made ( thankfully , they were not too many ) fixed it .
connect your phone open the windows device manager open each relevant device ( if more than one is shown ) , choose " update driver " , and select android_winusb.inf
you can identify the app responsible by long-tapping the notification and clicking " app info " on the pop-up menu .
so turns out some of the email settings got munged and it was simply a matter of deleting the account info from the phone and then adding it in again .
after some searching and trial and error , i could run replay . exe from reran , without rooting my device . for some reason i could not copy and exectute replay . exe to/from /data/local as the original article suggests , but i could do it to/from /data/local/tmp . i tested it on 3 devices . htc-one mobile , google nexus 7 tab , samsung galaxy tab 10 . here are details . i had to enable developer option and enable usb debugging install usb driver for android on my windows 7 once i see the device in adb run following commands . \adb . exe push replay . exe /data/local/tmp/ to copy the binary . \adb . exe shell /data/local/tmp/replay . exe to run the binary now one thing i cannot understand but why does it run when copied to /data/local/tmp ? is it a security hole or debugging aid ? or writing to /dev/input/event* really do not need root access ?
the colors of the rings will change gradually as they move around the clock . if you have seconds enabled you can see it pretty easily over the course of the minute . specifically , the color of the ring seems to progress through the spectrum of visible light in order from lowest frequency to highest . that is , it goes in the same pattern as a rainbow 's colors : red-> orange-> yellow-> green-> blue-> indigo-> violet ( roygbiv ) . then the cycle starts over again near the top of the clock . that is how it looks on my phone , anyway . i am not 100% positive if the other rings follow the same color pattern or if it is just the seconds ring , but the inner rings seem to be properly colored for their lengths ( as in , at the point where the seconds ring reaches the end of one of the inner rings , they are both the same color ) .
although the number that is making the call ( initiated ) is a random number , be assured the number that shows on their caller id is your google voice number , unless you have a different setting in your voice . google . com set up or on your phone . i noticed mine did this too when i called out from my phone the other day , but my client saw my gv number chad
assuming this is google books , this behavior should not carry on past these few books . alice 's adventures in wonderland , great expectations , and pride and prejudice are downloaded by default , to give a feel for the program and some reading examples . no additional books will be downloaded without your telling the application to do so .
in my htc desire i find it under : settings-> wireless and networks -> wifi settings press menu and select advanced here i can see option to use static ip by selecting " use static ip "
that is the thing about the android os . a " quit " or " exit " button is not really necessary . why ? because the operating system automatically kills applications that are no longer used . for this same reason , there is no need to install a task killer or similar . when you are done with an application , the os will clean things up for you so you do not have to worry about it .
native google apps do not use password ( which you entered before activating 2-step authentication ) everytime to log in . they only need it for the first time . after the first authentication , an Auth. Token is downloaded which is used for subsequent logins . as this auth . token is not your main password , verification code is not required at all . so , your apps continue to work without asking anything . to invalidate this auth . token , you will have to change your main password . do it and you will be asked to enter password in android device . and , this time , your main password would not work . you will have to generate and use application-specific password . native google apps do not prompt for verification code . they only seek passwords which would let them authenticate .
the likeliest culprit for your high latency is first and foremost the fact that you are using a wireless carrier 's network , which are notorious for their high ping times . switching from one carrier to another probably would not solve your problem , and even if you went from a 3g contract to 4g you probably would not see that much of an improvement , especially as more and more people start buying 4g capable devices . additionally trying to do something as data-intensive as play world of warcraft over your cell carrier 's network is never going to feel right . games like that rely heavily on low response times and are best left for wired broadband connections .
no , amazon does not charge again for apps you have already purchased . you are misunderstanding the message that pops up . when they say " please find it in my apps " they do not mean in your device 's app drawer , they mean within the appstore . while you are still within the amazon appstore , do the following : open the side drawer ( by sliding it out from left to right , tapping the amazon logo on the upper-left corner , or simply pressing the menu button ) : select the " my apps " option which is under the " library " section : tap on the " cloud " tab , and all of your previously purchased apps will be there , with an option to install on your new device : you may need to refresh the list if it does not show up .
i have got a reply from es file explorer team , they said that the " share by lan " feature in the " share via " is not for sending files to the pc , it is for sending files to other devices which has es file explorer running on them , on the same network . i have requested a new feature that allows you to send to the pc through share via , but if they decide to build it , it may take a while still before it is out .
annotations are unfortunately not supported on android at this time : notes annotations appear on standard youtube players and embedded players . annotations do not appear on custom youtube chromeless players . annotations do not appear in video playbacks taking place on mobile , tablet and tv devices . someone from google has evidently acknowledged this feature request , but i do not believe there is any kind of timeline for its implementation ( or official word that it , in fact , will be implemented ) .
the easiest solution is to not have a credit card linked to their account . even if you did still have a pin for protection , they could still use the card online with any place that takes google wallet . the pin ( and now password ) really only protects purchases from the device itself . there are a few options that come to mind for them to have paid apps : second google account one option is to add your google account to their phone , and use it for all the purchased apps . when they want to buy an app , they switch over to your account , and then you put in your password to buy it . the downside of this method is that they could easily change the sync settings so they get your contacts , email , etc . temporary second google account alternatively , you could temporarily add your google account , make the purchase , then remove the account . the purchased app will remain on the device and should work , and they will not have access to sync data . but the app will not get any updates , and you will have to do the same process any time they want another app . third google account or you could create a third google account that only is used for purchased apps , and not for emails or contacts . they would still need your password to buy the app , and you would not have to worry about them activating sync for your information . and since the account would remain on their phone , their paid apps could be updated as well . prepaid/gift card another option is to put a prepaid card , or a google play gift card ( min $10 ) , on their account . they can purchase up to the limit of the card , either for paid apps or in-app purchases . alternative app stores you could also try using a different app store , such as amazon 's app store . it has most of the apps that google play store has . it does not have pin/password protection for paid apps ( but it does have that option for in-app purchases ) , but amazon gift cards can be bought in denominations as low as 15 cents . you could just buy the specific amount to cover the app they want , then gift it to them so they can buy the app .
i ended up spotting the offending program via battery usage . there was one app that was showing a lot of battery use even though i was not doing anything with it ( newsrob ) . i killed that and everything 's been fine since .
there is no way in android to access to the standard android camera from a password-protected device . however this little application allows to access to a simple camera with a triple press on the power button even when the device is password locked . . . camera unlock ( free ) disclosure : i am the developer of this app
you should get the option to add them unsynced . like this :
try running this command from your pc : adb shell bmgr enable false  if you have more than one device or emulator running/connected , you will need to add the -s DEVICE option .
i also wrote an app in response to this question . it is free in the market . let me know what you think . if you want more information , please let me know and i will add what i can . it is called " android information text " .
one method is to put a file called .noMedia in the root of every folder that you do not want to be scanned . it will not improve the scanning of actual media , but it will prevent wasted time searching elsewhere ( or indexing things that you do not want indexed , such as app assets ) .
that is dependent : the kernel , along with the appropriate driver chipset support for usb otg the general consensus , if the kernel is modded and has support for otg provided the handset supports it , then it will work alongside with the appropriate otg cable with power support . it might need custom modifications to android to make it aware of otg facilities if running on pre-honeycomb android versions . however , since honeycomb ( android 3.0 ) and upwards , there is usb facilities integrated into the framework which makes otg mechanism even easier .
i was able to set up what you want with one caveat : you have to use a pin or a password , not a pattern . my solution depends on the apps tasker ( trial version here ) and secure settings . secure settings requires root for some of its features . i do not know if this is one of them . if you are not rooted , you can try it and see if it works . posting a complete how-to on tasker is beyond the scope of my answer . instead , here 's the official documentation and links to user-created guides . my solution involves setting up two tasker profiles . the first one sets the pin or password after a timeout . the second one clears the pin/password once the screen is unlocked . here are my profiles : once you have got tasker configured , go to your phone settings and set slide unlock ( and set he timeout to be whatever you find to be an appropriate amount of time for the slide lock to come up ) . note that when the password/pin is enabled , you will first have to slide unlock , and then enter your pin/password .
yes , you are justified and they are being sneaky . once a set of permissions is allowed , it can install new permission into that same set without getting approved on update . but you can retake control . if your rooted , you can download the xposed framework installer from the xda forums . xposed installer http://forum.xda-developers.com/xposed/xposed-installer-versions-changelog-t2714053 " xposed is a framework for modules that can change the behavior of the system and apps without touching any apks . all changes are done in the memory . " must be rooted playpermissions xposed module http://forum.xda-developers.com/xposed/modules/playpermissionsexposed-fix-play-store-t2783076 " this module aims to fix this problem for users who care about permissions . it'll do the following : 1 . make the play store show you all of the app 's permissions . 2 . require you to manually update apps with new permissions ( regardless of the category ) . " xprivacy module http://forum.xda-developers.com/xposed/modules/xprivacy-ultimate-android-privacy-app-t2320783 " xprivacy can prevent applications from leaking privacy sensitive data . xprivacy can restrict the categories of data an application can access . this is done by feeding an application with no or fake data . there are several data categories which can be restricted , for example contacts or location . for example , if you restrict access to contacts for an application , this will result in sending an empty contact list to the application . similarly , restricting an application 's access to your location will result in a set location being sent to the application . " modules require xposed framework to be installed to function properly .
on the google website homepage itself in your browser , scroll down to were it says : igoogle settings help press ' settings ' and turn off ' allow use of device location ' i have then found my browser always goes to google . com ( were it was going to google . de ) edit i have just seen you want the opposite . so perhaps turn this option on !
this line will do it ( found here ) : awk '{print $1}' &lt; ~/.android/adbkey.pub | openssl base64 -A -d -a | openssl md5 -c 
i got curious enough about this that i actually wrote my own little program that captures the " media button " events that are driving this functionality . i was able to determine that the car is doing something that translates into a " media_play_pause " keycode to start the playing . then when you tell it to play or pause while it is on , it issues another " media_play_pause . " but when you turn the car off ( or turn off the audio in the car ) , it issues a " media_stop " . the music players ( both winamp and the default music app anyway--i did not try others ) respond to the media_stop by resetting the song position to the beginning and ceasing to play the music . so to get what i want , i would have to somehow intercept the stop command and turn it into a " pause " instead . or somehow get the music apps not reset the song position when they receive as " stop . "
the icon in question ( on the very left of this image ) is Vibration mode on the one plus one . technically ( i guess ) it is the ' phone profile ' icon , in this case vibrate .
maybe you are missing udev rules for the other device manufacturers ? a rule for samsung is probably included by default . look here for instructions http://developer.android.com/tools/device.html
you do not mention which phone or android version you are using . on my motorola droid ( android 2.2 ) the built-in e-mail application allows me to connect to my employers exchange server . when i created the account , i had three options for connecting : pop3 , imap , and exchange . there are other e-mail clients out there that may also connect to exchange .
enabling quick settings made that popup disappear ( source ) . it is at settings-> system-> status bar-> quick settings . hth
does not seem to be , the search is the only way as of now , however ; if you use the browser there is an option to view only unread emails .
according to gsmarena , the xiaomi mi-two supports the following frequencies : 2g network : gsm 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 3g network : hsdpa 850 / 1900 / 2100 you can check what frequencies your country uses here . it should work in most if not all eu countries though . also , it supports chinese and english officially but there is unofficial support for other languages , located here .
it depends on how the particular recovery you will choose to install handles user data . most recent versions of commonly used recovery images ( e . g . twrp and clockworkmod ) recognize the need to keep certain portions of internal memory on devices without removable storage . on such devices the /sdcard mount point is still present , but is pointing to /data/media partition instead . when doing a regular factory reset , this /data/media partition is left untouched . if you really wish to clear that area as well , in clockworkmod recovery , for example , you would need to navigate to mounts and storage and use the format /data and /data/media(/sdcard) option .
killing all running apps did not solve the problem , nor did disabling the automatic sync for google account items like videos/photos ( which i heard suggested for a similar battery issue ) . what did work was simply rebooting the device by holding the power button and picking shut down . after rebooting mediaserver no longer appears to use much of my battery in the usage chart and my charge lasts like it always did . so if you get the same issue , just reboot .
most smartphones have dedicated video encode and decode hardware . it is specifically designed for that task , and it has a fast connection to the memory , and often the decoded video frames can be accessed directly by the compositor hardware so they do not have to be copied ( or blitted ) into the framebuffer . you would not be surprised that a handheld digital video camera can do 4k video capture : it is specifically designed for that purpose . your smartphone works the same way . most pcs do not have this special hardware , so they have to do video encode and decode with software , on the cpu , or with a special compute shader on the gpu . either way , that is always going to be slower and less power-efficient than having special-purpose hardware .
you can lock a particular message in your conversation so you do not accidentally delete that . the check box is for those messages . see following screen-shots - first long tap on the message you want to lock , and select lock . the message should be now locked and a lock icon should appear at the bottom . now when you delete the conversation the message was in , the locked message would not get deleted if the check-box is not selected .
with the backing of dotvezz , summing up from the comments : considering the specifications , this is quite unlikely : range of the nfc signal is limited to a max of 10 cm on " clear view " ( see wikipedia ) material with a greater density will reduce this even more : air ~ 0.001 g/cm 3 versus lithium ~ 0.53 g/cm 3 makes rawly a 500-times-density difference , so a factor of 10 ( as i mentioned in my comment ) probably is a huge under-estimation even calculating with a factor of ~10 , this would reduce the range to below 1 cm . and you will rather have to more than double that factor . with few devices being thinner than . 8 mm , your wish is close to impossible of being fulfilled .
since you have already unlocked your bootloader , you should be able to flash a recovery from fastboot and then use that to root . this will get you root on your stock rom ( but not s-off ) : download clockworkmod recovery for the doubleshot from this link download the superuser/su zip file from this link reboot into fastboot mode . to do this , remove power off the phone , remove the battery , then hold volume down while you re-insert the battery and press power . when the bootloader menu appears , press power again to select " fastboot " . flash the custom recovery image : fastboot flash recovery /path/to/clockworkmod.img . reboot into recovery ( reboot and hold volume down , i believe , otherwise use #3 above to boot into the bootloader then press volume down to select " recovery " and press the power button ) . copy the superuser/su zip file onto your device and install it from recovery . it may be easier to get the zip onto your device if you first reboot normally and then use android 's mass storage feature to just copy it over .
rooting your phone without a custom rom can be used to removed crapware . i have a french " orange " htc desire , and here is what i did to remove the orange apps : use unrevoked to root your phone ( close eclipse because it can prevent unrevoked from detecting the reboot , use usb drive mode if you try to root on a mac as they say it is more reliable ) once you are finished , reboot your phone in recovery mode ( shutdown , press the - key and the power button at the same time ) mount the /system partition as read/write ( easy , it is a simple gui ) open a shell on the phone with the command " adb shell " get a root shell with the command " su " go the /system/apps folder and remove whatever you want with rm ( remove both apk and odex files that you do not need ) close your shell unmount the /system partition reboot with this method , i removed the useless tetris and other games demos that were on my phone . i still do not know if rooting your phone will prevent me from getting ota updates in the future , that is why i have not got a custom rom yet .
pictures , videos , downloads , and music are all stored on the sd card by default . you can get at them by popping your sd card into any card reader . ( probably have to get an adapter ) app settings are stored on the phone . but if those apps support google 's backup service those settings will be restored on your new phone .
after a lot of experimentation and backwards and forwards and disabling and enabling various things , i have got it to the point where i have not seen that error popup for about a week now ( which is a huge improvement over it appearing every 10 minutes ) . unfortunately logcat never seemed to show any obvious , enlightening errors when the force close messages popped up , so there was nothing to work on there . various posts on web forums suggested that going into accounts and sync disabling sync on calendars and contacts , then clearing the data on the calendar and contacts app should help , but it did not seem to for me . in the end what i think solved the problem was : completely deleting all my non-primary google accounts off the device ( i have a primary google account , which is a google apps one , plus another google apps account and a normal gmail account ) disabling all of the sync on my primary account clearing the data on the calendar and contacts apps leaving it an hour before re-enabling the sync on my primary account leaving it a day before adding back my secondary accounts , and enabling their sync not 100% sure which of those steps solved it , but after doing all of those steps in that order my problem has gone away .
option 1: go to device manager in windows and delete anything having to do with your phone ( lg , google , android etc ) plug in your phone , the drivers should install automatically option 2: download airdroid on your phone . . . . you can transfer files over wifi
firefox was never the default android browser . the actual default browser is based on the open-source webkit engine , which also powers the safari browser on desktops , laptops and apple 's ios-based mobile devices . in the other hand , chrome is based in chromium and offers more options and performance than the stock browser .
no , you are pretty much out of luck . once you update , you have that version and cannot go back . i do not know your android knowledge , but , if you have the apk file for a previous version , you can " sideload " the application on to the device ( unless you have at and t ) . but that is a bit more complicated if you never done it before . it requires the drivers for your pc , copy the file to the sdcard , and then " open " the apk file with an file manager , which will then launch the package installer .
individual apps might have settings for font size , but i do not think android 2.2 included any system-wide settings for changing the default font size . check the market for a third-party contact list app that allows you to change that setting .
you can use rules like this in your custom scripts : $IPTABLES -A "droidwall-wifi" -m owner --uid-owner 12345 --destination "192.168.1.0/24" -j RETURN  instead of 12345 , you need to specify the uid assigned to the app ; you can find that uid in the list of apps in droidwall . remember that uids are assigned dynamically , and if the app is removed , the uid previously assigned to it may be assigned to a completely different app installed later . there are some enhancement requests for droidwall ( #275 , #253 ) requesting to add such feature , but developers did not respond to them yet .
i know i may not be understanding your question the way you intend it but bryan denny just pointed out androidaudiohacks . com which i believe will solve your problem but not mine ( because it only works on htc phones ) . via bryan 's answer to another similar question
this one took me a while . go into " personalize tweetcaster " in settings and change " url action " to " ask " .
solved this by installing image 2 wallpaper . one would expect such basic features out of the box . .
most ( pretty much all ) usb keyboards and mice support the usb hid protocol . you might not be able to use some special " media keys " or other advanced features , but standard features will work without additional drivers . as for routing usb input to standard android ui events , i suspect they will do it ( they had be stupid not to ) but could not find any conclusive information as of yet .
if you have " wifi-sleep " on , when the device goes to sleep , the wifi connection will disconnect from the access point . it does not happen right as the device goes to sleep , but a little delay after . it should not drain the battery much more then just having wifi on . of course , if you have very network active apps running , then it may drain it a bit more . but on the other side , if wifi goes to sleep , and you have network active apps , they will just use your mobile connection , if it is available .
my solution , which seems to be working so far , is quite related to what was proposed by t0mm13b . that proposal was to adjust the dhcp settings . however , my router is quite limited in functionality and it is impossible to adjust wifi settings on it . insane , i know . so , i set my phone to use a static ip address instead of using dhcp . so far , so good .
try installing betterbatterystats or gsam battery monitor pro . both apps can provide you granular data about how your phone 's battery is being drained . you know the power hog is google reader but these apps can help you determine if the app is killing the battery because it is using a ton of data or if it is initiating long or frequent wake-locks . . . if i had to guess without any more info , i would guess that reader is updating in the background frequently and consuming a lot of data .
unfortunately , you really need root for this . from clocksync , google themselves have mentioned this : hi , it is by design that applications can not change the time . there are many subtle aspects of security that can rely on the current time , such as certificate expiration , license management , etc . we do not want to allow third party applications to globally disrupt the system in this way .
you cannot execute either binary or shell script that resides on the external sdcard due to the execute permission bit being blocked . either move the script temporarily to a location other than sdcard ( if you are not rooted - you are in a bit of a spot there . . . ) after reading the posting on xda , it would appear that something is amiss , notify the developer of that forum and post it there and see what response you get : ) edit : you have that external sdcard treated as mass-storage device . turn that off and see what happens ( had to read all of the thread and some one posted - see #18 there ! )
asus released an update , and it is been 2 weeks since it happened
mhl is a new wire protocol , using very clever signalling technology to use very few wires to transmit a lot of data : 1080p video , 7.1 channel surround sound , and rcp remote control data . mhl also uses the existing power lines on usb to allow the tv to power the connected device . when connected to an mhl display , the display controller on the phone speaks the mhl protocol just like it would speak the hdmi protocol to an hdmi display . the mhl standard itself is just the signalling protocol : it does not specify what connectors are used . this allows the micro-usb connector on a phone to detect when it is being used for mhl , and switch to speaking the mhl protocol . apart from the connector , there is no relationship between mhl and usb , so you can not use a usb hub : the cable has to connect directly to the device . hdcp hdcp on mhl works in exactly the same way as over an hdmi or displayport connection : the intention is that only consuming devices with a valid , unrevoked device key can perform key exchange and thus decipher the content . see the wikipedia page on hdcp if you want to learn about that , or about why the intended behaviour is not the actual behaviour . mhl connections there are three types of cable . the first is not an adaptor at all : it is just a cable for connecting an mhl producer such as a phone to an mhl consumer such as a tv . you can only use this if your tv supports mhl and has the appropriate connector . the second is the 5-pin micro-usb-to-hdmi adaptor you have mentioned . you can still only use this if your tv supports mhl , but it means the tv does not need a special port . it does not use the hdmi protocol , or convert any signals : it is just a cable with a micro-usb connector on one end and an hdmi connector on the other . the third is the 11-pin micro-usb-to-hdmi adaptor . this is needed for newer samsung phones , which are incompatible with the 5-pin adaptors . only the connection to the device is different : as far as the tv is concerned , it works the same as the 5-pin adaptor , and the tv must still support mhl . as you have surmised , the use for the extra pins is that 11-pin cables support using usb-on-the-go at the same time : the adaptor is y-shaped , with a micro-usb connector at one end , and hdmi and micro-usb connectors at the other . the usb part works as normal and can be used with hubs , either in host mode or peripheral mode . displaylink the other thing you have seen , a " usb to hdmi convertor " , is for pcs . software running on the pc acts as an extra framebuffer , and uses proprietary compression technology to compress the video stream so that it can be sent on a normal usb link . the compression protocol is secret , and optimized for sending computer guis rather than movies . the hdmi end of the convertor has enough processing power inside it to decompress the stream into a framebuffer , which it sends over hdmi to the connected screen . the technology is developed and owned by displaylink ( formerly newnham technologies ) , based near me in cambridge , gb . because they rely heavily on software running on the producer , they do not support android , and likely never will . and because the compression protocol is secret and proprietary , the open-source community will not be able to supply a driver either . these devices use the standard usb protocol , so they work with hubs , but of course any delay or bandwidth contention caused by other devices will make the display laggy and add compression artifacts .
this depends entirely on the oem and what features they decide to put in their devices . however , i have used a panorama feature since the beginning ( 2.3 gingerbread ) on my nexus s , and have had it all the way till my 4.2 galaxy nexus , so i can say that the stock android camera app has panorama , at least 2.3 onwards . beyond that , device specific panorama is dependent on the oem . you could always use third party apps , like this one , which supports android 2.1 and above .
Settings &gt; Language and keyboard &gt; Swype on a galaxy s2
as far as i know this is not really possible . but there are apps available in the play store that implement a panic button where you can place a button on your home screen ( and maybe also your lock screen , but i have not it yet ) . one of those apps i found is red panic button . but you can also have a look in the play store yourself if you search for something like panic button etc .
sounds like asus has installed stubs as system apps . you had need root to remove them or unlink them from the market .
make sure your proxy server is not blocking video streaming . if connectify is broadcasting an internet connection which is already established thru proxy , android has got system-wide proxy connection . so , there is no need to setup proxy in particular player . sometimes , proxy servers limit the speed of video streaming and even block it . so , get this info first if proxy server is not managed by you . then , try using real player and let me know . .
as i stated in the comments , version 2.3.4 is the latest version for phones . versions 3.0 , 3.1 , and 3.2 are all for tablet devices . version 4.0 will be released on the galaxy nexus sometime this month . version 4.0 ( code named ice cream sandwich ) was designed to run on both phones and tablets which may clear up the confusion surrounding the numbered releases . though google controls the android operating system and when it gets released , it is up to the manufacturers to decide whether to put it on their devices . some companies , like htc and motorola , actually rewrite pieces of android with their own special features , like htc sense and motorola blur . the companies have the choice to push out an update or not . some of those companies have come out with plans to update their phones to 4.0 . zte has not announced ( as of a couple weeks ago ) any plans to upgrade their phones to 4.0 but there is no doubts they will not . the second option is to wait until google releases the code for 4.0 . once they do this , the android community ( like xda ) will work on a rom of the operating system which you would then be able to install on your device manually . doing so is not an easy process and involves dedication and a free weekend . if you consider this route , you should also do a little research to make sure doing so will not " brick " your phone or cause side effects with your service provider . however , it will provide the most clean and pure android experience you can get . edit : as @eldarerathis pointed out in the comments , google did release a version of gingerbread numbered 2.3.7 but it is only to support there google wallet product which at this time is only supported on nexus devices or devices with nfc . if you had like to build this version yourself and install it on your device , you can download the android source code and build it yourself . there are instructions on how to do this at the site . however , i would strongly recommend waiting until 4.0 ( ice cream sandwich ) is released . for documentary purposes , i will update this answer upon release of 4.0 .
if you did not purchase the app ( i.e. . it was free ) , it should be gone . if you did , then it is always there because you have purchased the right to download it .
appbrain will make it easy to restore your apps . after the reset , install appbrain first ( ish ) and use it to get back all the apps you had before . ( sync before you reset . ) market will remember your paid apps so you will be able to get those without having to repay . your google app data ( e-mail , contacts , calendar ) are backed up to the " cloud " already , so you should not have to do anything special with them . if you really want to you could export them to a csv file , but you should not have to . you probably do not need to , but i would copy the contents of the sd card to a temporary location . just in case . as for other apps that keep data only local . . . i can not speak to those . i know that for myself everything important has a backup somewhere else . ( yay dropbox ! ) unfortunately ( or , actually , fortunately ) , i do not have any personal experience with a factory reset . everything i have read says that it is really not that bad , excepting those apps that do not have dynamic storage strategies . good luck !
i found the solution by myself . in settings > lock screen you can configure your lock screen . there are options to change the way screen is unlocked , to change wallpaper and to change widget and shortcuts .
ok , what i ended up doing was using the astro file manager app to access /system/customize/resource on my phone , which seems to have the wallpaper graphics ( amongs a load of other stuff ) . i copied the wallpaper i wanted to customize to an easy-to-reach place on the sd card ( edit | copy , then paste , in astro ) , and copied it to my pc . customized the wallpaper , and then copied it to the sdcard 's dcim directory via a usb cable ( you can also use bluetooth for this ) . i set it as my phone 's background and it worked ! yay ! kudos to the people at xda-developers . for those interested , i just wanted to have my phone 's make/model display as part of the background . here 's my new background wallpaper :
according to your df output , you only have 361.7m left not 1.4gb . all the apps are installed on the local storage i.e. sdcard0 by default . this means that when your internal storage runs out of space , you will not be able to install any new apps . you can try one ( or all ) of the following : uninstall unnecessary apps ; from recovery , wipe cache and dalvik cache partitions ; delete the . odex file if it is already there . for the last . odex file , the instructions from the xda thread are , open the terminal and : su cd /data cd /app ls rm (packagename.odex)  yet another alternative solution is to manually delete the app folder in /data/app-lib . see more details in this xda thread .
i have rebooted my phone and when i tried again it let me register . the account is linked to htcsense . com which seems odd as there is a message there saying that it is closing down its services !
on my galaxy s3 , running 4.1.2 , the user dictionary is a background service that can be disabled . if you are running a similar device look into the following : settings\app manager\all\user dictionary click the disable button . if you are using a different device or system this could get you started in the right direction .
yes , there is a way to do it , use cyanogenmod 's github - for reference - this applies across the board whether with aosp , caf , cm , aokp , its found in frameworks/base/data .
judging from other apps , i would suspect the answer to be samsung printers only . that being said , hp has eprint , but google 's cloud print offers printing for older models of printers as well regardless of make .
as david said , you can restore an unsupported app from a previous backup , or you can restore the data of that app ( e.g. saves in a game ) . when you install an app from the play store , you are limited to what is available for your country ( unless you are rooted then there some ways to go around it ) and even if you install an app that you previously had , the data will not be restored . google play store just backs up your apps names so when you restore through the play store , the data is not restored .
i have already found out the problem , it is because of the upgrading of the firmware . i brought my phone to samsung and they found out that the firmware installed in the device is somehow not genuine ( do not know about this , i got my device from globe telecom as brand-new . ) disclaimer : this solution is for samsung device under warranty period . samsung said the problem occurs when you update through ota when you have an inconsistent internet connection making the ' applypatch ' running as if it cannot find all necessary files for upgrade and continuously searching and patching it . solution to this is to backup first your device , bring it to samsung service center then have them format it and install a genuine os . after that , my device is back to normal with updated genuine android 4.2.2 jellybean and just have to restore my data . if your warranty is over and if you are already rooted you can just reformat your android device with a legit rom and everything will be back to normal .
if you take a look at the air browse feature under air gestures , you will see that it is limited only to the following applications : gallery internet music player music on lock screen s memo so no , you can not use it for presentations .
from my knowledge of the sync functionality on the android it only syncs when it has something new on one of those services . it uses push technology to send you the latest updates as soon as they become available . if however new items are appearing in your mail , contacts and/or calendar and it is still not syncing then i would recommend you remove your google account and re-add it again . nb . i did have an issue with sync once where it just was not pushing any emails to my phone . . . it fixed itself after a couple of days .
not that i have found . it is just different names for the same phone . ( a pretty standard marketing practice . ) some more info here : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/htc_dream
according to the specs at wikipedia it is 320 x 480 px 3.2 in ( 81 mm ) hvga 65,536 color lcd 180 pixels per inch ( ppi )
if your phone is rooted , i would highly recommend droidwall . it is a firewall application that allows you to restrict access to internet by application . it has separate permission settings for wifi and cell data , which allows you to restrict the data usage by the connection as well . chances are though that you will also need to be running a custom rom or kernel that has " iptables " module built-in . in terms of minimizing data usage in general , there are several settings you can play with . i would recommend going all manual by disabling " auto-sync " and " background data " options under Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Accounts &amp; sync . then take a look at interval update settings in all 3rd-party apps you use for services such as twitter ( twidroid , seesmic , etc . ) , facebook , e-mail ( k-9 mail , e-mail , gmail , etc . ) , rss feeders ( newsrob , feedr , etc . ) , and others ( widgets , weather apps , etc . ) most such apps let you configure the update interval via settings . either make them all disabled/manual , or use the farthest update interval they allow . also disable any notifications in these apps so that they use even less data . you might also be able to use some apps/widgets that toggle the data connection ( without affecting the cell signal ) and only enable it when you need to use apps requiring data ( retrieve e-mail , catch up on tweets , use browser , refresh weather status , etc . ) and then toggle it back off when you are done .
it should be located under android settings > location and security . but you need apps that support this feature in order to make full use of it . if you have a google apps or an exchange account your admin will be able to use the corresponding features like password reset etc . certain apps ( examples : llama / widgetlocker / wavesecure ) when made as device administrators are then allowed a higher level of access to system features .
i do not know why did i read " black in time " , which makes no sense : but as you wrote " my phone was in a back date " – check your time settings , please ! if your device time is too far off , certificates will cause trouble , which finally results in exactly that : no secure connection possible , and you cannot access your account . in cases like that it often helps to set the time manually ( must not be to the second , if it is a minute off it is still fine ) . then try again . you can set time adjustment to " automatic " again later . background : certificates have a " livetime " , including a start and an end . if your device is outside this frame , the certificate is either only valid " in the past " or " in the future " , but not " now " . so your device will reject it . without a valid certificate , the google play app will not be able to establish a secured connection , and thus give you an " unable to access " ( or similar ) error . same applies btw . to other apps using secured connections – including the web browser when accessing sites via https . the latter you can use to check whether you have tapped into this trap : start your web browser , try accessing e.g. https://www.google.com/ , and see what happens . if you get a " certificate warning " , that is it .
there is no easy way to control the mentioned scenario , since you may get away from your phone , leaving behind the device used to alert you . i have been playing around with an app , that basically runs a task when a certain action occurs within your phone . the test i performed , was having my phone playing a really loud sound if my phone gets disconnected from the bluetooth earpiece . it works , i go away from my phone and as soon as the bluetooth gets out of range , the phone starts to play the music . i hear the music and remind myself that my phone was left behind . of course that if you use dragon v2 bluetooth headset , it will only get out of range after 100 meters , which is roughly 10 times more distance than a regular bluetooth earpiece . : ) tasker tasker by crafty apps available from google play store ( 4,49€ ) from their website you have a free 14-day trial download .
it looks like your phone tries to build a 3g connection only if packet data is enabled . after all , 2g is just fine for voice and texts . but unsuccessfully trying to create a connection when there is no network costs a lot of power . in my experience , phones normally cope just fine with that . my theory is that the 2g signal normally contains some sort of flag that indicates whether there is also a 3g signal . the 2g repeater would incorrectly send this flag -- possibly because the tower it gets its signal from sends it too . thus your phone wastes energy trying to connect to a signal that only exists somewhere else . if you cannot ( or do not want to ) replace the repeater by a more sophisticated model , you should turn off 3g altogether while in your office . gsm phones have a setting in Wireless &amp; networks -> Mobile networks -> Network Mode that lets you switch between wdcma ( 3g ) and gsm ( 2g ) . i do not know what the setting looks like on a cdma phone . you can probably automate this with tasker if you do want to use 3g where it is possible . alternatively you could use a widget to change the setting manually without having to go to the settings menu . one app that provides a widget for this is widgetsoid .
i am using a third party app called es task manager , which allows me to manually enable and disable autostarting for the most apps as i can see so far . you did not say if your samsung is rooted or not so i need to mention that you need a rooted device to perform this via the task manager . it might also be possible to transfer not only user installed apps but system apps as well with link2sd while beeing on a rooted device . at least these system apps are shown by link2sd , but i never really tried that out .
encrypt phone only encrypts the /data partition . encrypting the sd card is a separate function and is not implemented in stock android . some manufacturers ( i know motorola and samsung do ) extend the encryption ( optionally . where you find " encrypt phone " , you will also find an " encrypt sd card " option ) to the sd card . i can not determine whether cyanogenmod implements such a function or if it may be device-specific .
the sdk needs to be run as admistrator to be able to write those files . just retry and run it with elevated rights .
if you only want apps backed up , i recommend titanium backup . it requires root . its backup will be saved to /mnt/sdcard/TitaniumBackup/ , you can copy that folder to your computer just in case your card gets formatted . if you use clockworkmod / nandroid , do the same thing ( copy the /mnt/sdcard/clockworkmod/backup folder to your pc afterwards ) . the only real caveat is that you should flash the rom you had when the backup was done before restoring the backup . if the rom you flashed afterward was significantly different , restoring without first reflashing the previous rom can brick the phone .
this is indeed a question to stackoverflow . i asked a very similar question about a week ago , and basically , the answer is no , to implement that you will have to dig very deep into the code . see here for more . hope it fits your question .
edit : apparently download and recovery modes are merged for the g1 . just press alt-l on your physical keyboard while in download mode , and recovery will show up . what you are seeing is download mode . the key combination is usually subtly different . in the case of my phone , it is just a matter of having the phone connected to usb or not . you should try it with and without usb , as well as removing the battery and doing a fresh boot . ( you can also remove the battery , plug into usb , and reinsert the battery and try ) . also try other keys -- you already know using back instead gets you to that device info screen .
according to the android developers guide this grid can vary by device ; for example , many handsets offer a 4x4 grid , and tablets can offer a larger , 8x7 grid that being said , most phones have a 4x4 grid . one exception that i know of is the galaxy note which has a 5x5 grid . also i have read about custom roms or mods that change a default 4x4 grid to 4x5 or 5x5
i fixed this by removing data from the sd card . it was nearly full . freeing up ~1gb of the card solved the problem . it is likely that the application uses some sd card space to open files .
this seems to have been fixed in version 3.3.11 and above of the market app .
i did some digging around and found that this change was introduced in an update for gingerbread . it applies to all nexus devices starting from the nexus s ( except the nexus one since it comes pre-installed with facebook ) . the problem google has with facebook sync is the inability to port the data that facebook sync adds to the contacts , out of your device . here is an excerpt from their statement on this issue : since facebook contacts cannot be exported from the device , the appearance of integration created a false sense of data portability . facebook contact data will continue to appear within the facebook app . like all developers on android , facebook is free to use the android contacts api to truly integrate contacts on the device , which would allow users to have more control over their data . we are removing the special-case handling of facebook contacts on nexus s and future lead devices . techcrunch 's coverage on this : http://techcrunch.com/2011/02/22/google-android-facebook-contacts/ engadget 's coverage : http://www.engadget.com/2011/02/22/google-disables-contact-sync-in-facebook-for-android-only-nexus/ i am still trying to find the official statement on a google site . will update it here if i find it . also i want to know why google does not get all manufacturers to enforce this rule if it is part of core android policies .
this is a known bug in the nexus s ' 4.0.3 firmware when you apply the i9020 update . zip to the i9023 model . background : the i9020 sports a self-illuminating amoled while the i9023 has a traditional lcd with a backlight . the recovery fails to switch on the backlight and the screen goes black . you probably downloaded the update . zip from google and did not use the official update method , right ? in short : the screen backlight of the i9023 model is off in recovery mode due to that bug but everything else just works here 's a thread on xda that covers just this . possible solutions to fix it : use a strong led flashlight and illuminate the lcd just for the installation of the 4.0.4 , see images below ( both show the same homescreen , except the left has a switched off backlight ) unlock your nexus s and install a working custom recovery ( guide )
the filesystem support is device-specific , and in fact many devices using android 2.3 support ext3 in the kernel ( or ext4 , which can also mount ext3 and ext2 filesystems ) . usually the difference in filesystem support is due to different hardware . older devices often used raw nand flash chips and mtd drivers in linux , which did not support conventional filesystems such as ext4 ; only special filesystems such as yaffs or jffs2 could be used on such devices . in this case having ext3 or ext4 support in the kernel was not necessary , and it could be omitted to save some memory ; to get ext3/4 support on such device you will need to flash a custom kernel ( or , in some cases , an external module could be compiled instead of replacing the whole kernel ) . more recent devices usually use emmc storage , which provides a block device instead of raw flash ; such devices mostly use ext4 for their filesystems , and therefore should have support for mounting ext3 filesystems ( although actually using it to mount a custom filesystem , e.g. , on a separate sd card partition , will require root access ) .
the new animation added to jelly bean camera app when photos are being taken , acts as a visual hint at a new swipe gesture that is been added . the idea is to make the user aware that swiping to the left at any time , they are able to scroll through all the photos taken : when taking a photo , a new animation sweeps your photo off the screen . there is now a new paging animation when swiping between photos . android 4.1 , jelly bean - camera and gallery ( scroll down till this title ) from that location , the user can rotate , crop , share , just like in the gallery app . as already mentioned by jlehenbauer , it is a feature and cannot be removed . here a youtube video about this : android 4.1 jelly bean camera app
you can write , compile and distribute native code as an android application . look here for more info about the ndk . if you want it done without the official framework and application packaging then you will need to look into cross-compiling the application for the arm architecture .
there are multiple approaches to this problem . the first an most effective is to switch from pop3 ( which i assume from your question you are using ) to imap , where mail is handled on the server instead of client-side -- so you can delete a message when you decide to delete it ( and not when client x is retrieving it , as handled by pop3 ) . second might be trying a different mail client ( again , i do not know what you are currently using ) . for android , i would recommend k-9 mail -- which is capable of handling pop3 as well as imap , and even exchange ( the latter via webdav ) .
if you are rooted , you can use an app like titanium backup to back up your apps ( and their data ) .
i borrowed a friend 's fitbit and tried to sync it with my nexus 10 . i enabled bluetooth . i then installed the fitbit app and logged in as him . there is no option anywhere to sync the device . i then logged out , and created a new account . on a compatible device , once the account is created , it prompts you to sync a fitbit device . this question is never asked on the nexus 10 . circumstantial additional evidence comes from the large number of unhappy reviews citing device compatibility on the fitbit app page . so it is confirmed that despite the probable existence of the necessary bluetooth hardware/software , at the time of writing fitbit devices cannot be synced with the nexus 10 .
csipsimple indeed does the job if you want to use it as your sip client . if you prefer the built-in sip client , try the advanced dialer app .
the tags are stored through the media 's content provider . in layman 's terms , the content-provider is a way of android interacting with a database backing store . the location can be found in this directory : /data/data/com.android.providers.media/databases  which is sqlite3 database that has the following information stored in it , or rather , a combination of certain columns , not all of them , due to the way developers can optionally add the fields of the data to be stored . ( if you are un-rooted you will not be able to list the database - if someone can clarify this , just checked on europa gt-i5500 which is unrooted and issuing ls fails ) if you have a look at this document that details the columns used in the database for the media ( that is a generic columns that is a de-facto within the database ) , it is combined with this other information ( now at this stage , your brain is probably turned to mush looking at it but the pertinent information is in the column names which is found in the database ) as for the ' tag ' field you are referring to , quite simply , android does not store them , there are replacement apps that replaces the stock version of the gallery with extras such as the ' tag ' field you are referring to . the most it can hold was the latitude/longitude/display name of the image and a picasa id in which it may get uploaded to depending if picasa is enabled with your account .
i solved this by turning off wifi on my phone . not sure why having wifi turned on would be a problem , but i do not get any skipping when wifi is off .
impossible to predict what their techs would do . theoretically they certainly can deny repair service on bootloader-unlocked phones , since it clearly says that you are voiding your warranty when unlocking the device : important information please note that you may void the warranty of your phone and/or any warranty from your operator if you unlock the boot loader . sony ericsson can then no longer guarantee the full functionality of your phone , and will not be responsible for any unsigned custom software being flashed to the phone after the boot loader is unlocked . . . . however , unlike the carriers ( who 100% always check the bootloader status , ) manufacturers have been known to turn a blind eye on this from time to time . for example , i have sent my atrix 4g to motorola for repairs twice after unlocking its bootloader . both times their techs repaired the device , and even re-locked the bootloader for me . htc is also known to be lenient towards repairing unlocked handsets . you can always try calling sony 's support department and anonymously ask where they stand on repairs for bootloader-unlocked handsets . you may not like their answer though .
it will not ask for a password for free apps since there is no danger of financial loss of any kind , it is a good point however there are apps on google play that can ' lock ' certain apps check 'https://play.google.com/store/search?q=app+locker' or something to that effect this one looks like it does the job : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.domobile.applockfeature=search_result#?t=w251bgwsmswyldesimnvbs5kb21vymlszs5hchbsb2nril0 . they will enable control of apps via a pin
as mentioned in a comment it really depends on what app you are using to provide tethering . on the stock htc tethering app there is a view called " manage users " which lets you see a list of connected devices listed be resolved host name . touching each device reveals its hardware address and currently assigned ip address . as far as i can recall it is the same for the stock samsung g s2 ( at least in this region - northern europe ) .
this sounds more like inconsistent wifi settings . since your phone shows its connected , try to visit your router 's web interface through the phone to see if its connected properly . ( note that please use stock browser and no proxies for now ) if this does not work , most likely its the problem with wrong password or security mode like wep/wpa . if the above works , then i suspect you to have a dns problem . a rooted phone can let you custom-set the dns on your phone . try to set it to google 's dns . just to confirm if its a dns problem , try entering an ip address of a website rather than the domain name .
i highly doubt it is to do with being ' pre-paid ' or not . more likely , it could be from a number of reasons . such as internet connection where carriers can limit the download file size . i personally know that dl'ing larger files over the carrier network will fail unless it has a ' resume ' or some sort of authentication feature .
as far as i know , batteries will not fry on constant charging . they chips in them that control overcharging and low charge . so they will not die easyly . i am using my desire just like you explained for almost 2 years and it is just like the first day , i need to charge it every day : )
apparently , it could not be installed because of market country restrictions . . so in case someone needs a solution - i tried using market enabler , and got it ( yt ) installed without problem .
case #1: you can get back to recently used apps by holding down the home key until a menu appears , and then selecting the app you want to return to . case #2: press the home button and open your dictionary app , and then use the method in #1 to return to messaging . this works if you do not have too many apps open , since the memory is limited and if you open too many apps , android will close them from the background . the important distinction is that the home key does not quit the app but exists to the launcher , and the back button exits the app .
i am not aware of any stock messaging apps amongst any of the roms that will do that , but it looks like there are a bunch of apps in the market that will ( like smessaggia bulk customized sms or group sms , or group sms and scheduler . )
it sounds like agent fits the bill for you . specifically , the sleep agent . i do use the agent app , though i do not use the sleep agent itself , so this list of features is just me going through the setup options in the app . set days and times for it to activate . ( defaults to 11:00 pm through 7:00 the next morning , sunday through thursday nights . ) selectable whether it does ' silence ' or ' vibrate ' . has a whitelist of callers that are allowed to get through . ( and selectable whether unknown callers get through or not . ) can wait until plugged in before starting . can auto-respond with a text saying " i am sleeping , text ' urgent ' to wake me up . " right off your request list , it can allow repeated calls to get through . ( i use agent mostly for the meeting agent : it links to the google calendar on my work account , and auto-silences the phone for the duration of the meeting . )
the proximity sensor on most smart-phones with touchscreen exists to disable accidental touch events . the most common scenario is the ear coming in contact with the screen and generating touch events , while on a call .
you should use zipalign -f -v 4 my.apk output.apk  do remember that if you zipalign before you sign , the signing will undo the alignment .
i would unlock the bootloader , and flash a new image . . . you can find all the information you need on this page : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1392310 hope you found my answer helpful : )
figured it out . i installed xposed framework , got xposed additions from play store , and changed it .
vudroid . market it has " go to page " , but can not search .
prior to android 3.0 ( honeycomb ) , android did not natively supported encrypting local storage at all . android 3.0 introduced the ability to encrypt the local device , and to enforce device encryption by activesync policy . other than the galaxy nexus , every phone currently on the market is running either a 1 . x or 2 . x version of android , none of these support device or removable media encryption in the android os , it is possible that some manufacturers may have added encryption , but this is not a standard part of the os available to standard activesync implementations . for android 4 . x phones ( currently only the galaxy nexus ) full device encryption ( and the relevant policies ) is brought to phones but this still does not seem to include removable media .
can you not make your own ? open up paint or photoshop of some sort and fill an area black . save the image as a png and then place on your phones memory card . then on the phone set your wallpaper from the gallery and select the black image .
places is part of google maps ( and was introduced with maps 4.4 about a year ago ) , you should be able to see and search for all the same businesses and attractions in the main google maps app , places just puts a nicer interface on it . much of the data came from what used to be called google local . businesses can add themselves to local/maps/places and update their records themselves , here http://www.google.com/local/add/promo google maps has had a " add your business to google maps " link on the page pretty much forever , that links to http://www.google.com/local/add?hl=engl=us also just like other local business discovery services like foursquare , users themselves can add places into places , check into them and rate them through the app or http://www.google.com/hotpot see also the announcement page from when " place pages " were first added to the web version of google maps back in 2009 which has some more details http://googleblog.blogspot.com/2009/09/place-pages-for-google-maps-there-are.html including that you can add them through community edits or google map maker .
the red cable pictured is a usb-otg cable too . it is no different to having the adaptor-style cable with a normal usb-a to micro-usb cable attached . so if your amp will work with one , it will work with the other too . just be extra careful when using a symmetric-looking usb-otg cable . usb-otg works by having the pins wired differently in the " host " and " peripheral " ends of the cable , so you need to be careful to plug the " host " end into the phone . different cables have different ways of identifying which is which , so be careful to check the instructions that come with the cable . of course , your amp might not work for other reasons . if it lacks an external power supply , then it needs the host device to supply enough power for it . most smartphones can not supply a lot of power via usb-otg , so in that case you had need to use it with a powered usb hub . the other reason it might not work is if it uses the usb audio profile . most android devices lack driver support for usb audio ; there are other questions about that on the site .
when you add the account through the gmail app , you will enter your account info , it will verify the info , and then ask you what you had like to sync , if anything at all . if you do not want anything to sync from the account , then nothing will be . if you change your mind , you can go into the settings -> accounts and sync , and the change it up .
there really is not much control you can do over limiting storage . most likely the data is from the apps using local sqlite databases to store information their apps use . you can pretty much only do these things : move the app to the sd card if you have android 2.2 clear the data cache every now and then ( but it is going to grow again )
multitouch touch screen digitizers handle ( 2,3,4 . . . ) or more input fingers at a time at the hardware level . single touch devices handle only one finger at a time even if 2 or more are present . if you touch with a 2nd finger , the detected touch will " jump " from the first finger to the second finger location . install a touch screen visualizer or test application like z device test . you can watch a video how it looks with one finger on youtube ( which has fake dual touch and has some flaws ) . so what a fake dual touch driver does is this : it basically detects " jumps " of the finger and assumes it comes from a second and just keeps reporting a fixed virtual event ( coming from the last known position from the ( now vanished ) 1st finger touch ) while the 2nd touch is from your actual finger and reported regularly .
yes , the hspa+ galaxy nexus phone from google play store is the i9250 model . that clip should fit it just fine .
at the moment , there is no central spot on your phone to control which notifications show up on your phone and how they behave across apps . for this end , you will need to open up each application and tweak how and when it notifies you about new messages or other events . generally speking , every app has some settings ( or preferences ) that are accessible by the more button . hit the button and a sub-menu of options will pop up , with settings often among them . in most android apps settings , you will find a category for " notification , " " alerts , " or something akin . for the email app that i use for my company emails , it is labelled " notification settings " . find yours and click it ! from the presented screen , you can usually change when and how an app notifies you of whatever it monitors . taking the example of the email app that i am using , i can : un-check the " inbox notifications " entirely to disallow notifications on the status bar . select a ringtone for my incoming email messages . set the phone to vibrate when a new email arrives . with this options you can adjust your app to react the way you intend . note : some system global settings may overwrite your definitions for specific behaviours setup on each app . also some power saving apps like the one i use : easy battery saver have global settings to save battery , included preventing the phone from highlighting or vibrating . i have performed some successful tests using the vodafone huawei u8510 running android os , v2.3 ( gingerbread ) . as far as my knowledge goes , the android 2.2 . x froyo has pretty much the same notification behaviour .
as soon as the device gets factory-reset , you can forget about tracking it with google 's device manager : as your google account on the device is gone then , there is no way for google 's dm to communicate with it . unless you have installed some anti-theft solution which integrates with the rom ( and thus survices a factory-reset – a feature offered e.g. by cerberus , if your device is rooted ) , you will have lost all control then . but even a rom-integrated solution would be gone as soon as a new rom is flashed . as long as it is still working , you could take a second device and follow the lost one . once in range that you should be able to see it , you could trigger the 5-minutes-permanent-ringer . in the hope for an " honest finder " , who should take this as a proof and hand your device back to you . do not wait too long , or the battery might be dead !
i have tried to do this in my own car - here 's my experience with it . from a " hearing the person " perspective , the headphone jack into the car 's speaker system works great . what is even better is that the person does not ( generally ) hear themselves talking either ( no echo or feedback ) . this is using an original moto droid , so your mileage may vary . the problem that i have with this kind of setup is having the person hear me . i still , generally , have to hold the phone up to my mouth for the person on the other side to understand what i am saying . i have found it helps a little bit to enable speaker phone , but then the person sometimes gets the echo feedback . it is really a no-win situation . most likely , you will have to get an aftermarket blue tooth headset .
normally phones should be able to install apps even if they are not signed . normally your friend should be able to install your app . i was able to download the application , and i could also start the installation from the link . make sure that your friends phone has ' unknown sources ' enabled in the security menu ( enable settings > security > unknown sources ) . because otherwise it will also not work ( without using google play == unknown source ) . no offense though , but i did not test all the way through the installation , because i do not trust it well enough and i have no idea what the app actually does . for all i know it is a virus ; - )
the app smart taskbar will show you a list of the all tasks ( apps ) that are currently running on your device and allow you to switch to that app , similar to the native functionality but you are not limited to the 6 most recent apps . basically it opens from any screen and also lets you set some shortcuts and widgets and choose from all installed apps ( like the app drawer ) so you can complete any task from anywhere on your phone without having to go to the home screen first . there are a bunch of other apps that let you switch between running apps , just search the market for " task switcher . "
samsung galaxy ace runs at least android version 2.2 and is upgradable to gingerbread , so the device already has the possibility to move apps to the sd card . though , not all apps support this . you can move an app to the sd card by navigating to settings -> applications -> manage applications and click on the app you want to move . then you click the button move to sd card . if you root your device you can move apps that does not support app 2 sd , as well ( except for launchers and widgets which must be installed on internal storage ) . if you are running android 2.2 you can use the desktop program super one click to root . if you are running 2.3 you can read a tutorial here . hope that helps !
as it turned out , my " raw guess " was a direct hit -- so to make it easier to find for future " searchers " , i make it an answer as promised : this problem is mostly caused by the fact that something got messed up with the apps ' cache and/or data . so what you should try first is : go to settings &rarr ; apps &rarr ; manage apps select your launcher hit the button labeled " clear cache " if that does not solve the issue , take the same steps -- but in the last step hit the " clear data " button ( note : this will reset the launcher configuration as if you just removed the app and did a fresh re-install ) . if you still had no luck , you could simply uninstall and re-install the launcher ( as long as it is not a system app ) . this will do all the above , but additionally remove ( and on re-install re-create ) the apps dalvik cache . count it as " partial factory reset " . having mentioned the dangerous word : a factory-reset can serve as a " last resort " ( as it cleans the entire device ) -- but you would lose all your data that way , and needed to re-configure everything anew . in case you have to do that ( i do not think it is necessary for your case here ) , take care to have a backup of as much of your data as possible .
the enabled=true in this list tells whether the ime 's service is enabled in its manifest ; that is , whether the developer of the ime has allowed it to appear in that list . it has nothing to do with whether it is turned on or off in the settings .
uninstalling the yahoo weather app worked for me . http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2293566page=2
at the suggestion of a forum member elsewhere , i called tmobile and asked them about their new " uncarrier " plan . it is a non-contract , postpaid plan with the exact same pricing and services as my current tmo prepaid plan , but i regain the ability to forward voicemails among other things . you have to submit to a credit check for a possible deposit ( max is only one month 's plan ie $50 ) . so going to the " uncarrier " plan was the solution for me . hope this helps .
as of 28/03/2013 the difference is that with the free version is limited to a total of 10 downloads ( maps , voice packages , etc ) and does not support offline wikipedia content . i know because i tried the free version and then buyed the plus one to be able to download entire european countries . also i think is a really good application for 7 euros .
usually , google play services will always run in the background and if there is an latest release of the play store is available , it would updated automatically . you may enable google auto sync and check whether it works . if not , there may be some problem with google play services . alternatively , try installing the apk from xda .
i would guess this is not cm9 specific , but based on a quick test on my kindle fire you can just hit the Back button on the account select screen the first time you launch music and it will simply skip it . also , you can unlink your account by clearing the music app 's data in your settings ( Settings-&gt;Applications-&gt;Music-&gt;Clear Data ) .
it sounds like the database is corrupted . i would go to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications and clear the data for gmail and gmail storage . if that does not work , try clearing the data for everything google ( talk , google framework services , etc . ) .
seems like gandhicam is dead . . .
the android bug report system . search to see if someone has already suggested the feature , then submit your idea using the feature request template .
i am not aware of a full-blown replacement for titanium backup , but there are solutions for the specific functions you are after : recent versions of link2sd can convert user apps to system apps and vice versa ( available on google play ) . switchme offers a solution for switching among multiple user profiles ( available on google play ) . the free version is limited to two profiles and " no security features " .
lie ryan’s answer is probably the ultimate solution but it might be worth trying the less severe clear options first . that is , try the browser clear options in the following order : history , cache , all cookie data , form data and finally passwords . one of those lesser options might just resolve the issue , without having to lose all of your saved passwords .
finally i found the solution : when in car mode ( automatically toggled using llama when my car connects via bluetooth ) , i use car dock home v3 as home replacement . inside it is preferences in the " car mode system settings " there is an option called " samsung usb mount au . . . " ( can not read the complete entry ) . i had already forgotten that i checked this option since i wanted to know what it does . now i know that it mutes a2dp ; ) no idea what it should do but fortunately now i have sound again .
there are a few parts to the process : unlocking or bypassing any bootloader protection , allowing the system partition to be written installing the relevant binaries to acquire root . both of these stages can vary from phone to phone , but here are a few examples : unlocking the bootloader on many oem phones , this traditionally involves exploiting a vulnerability in part of the system in order to rewrite certain partitions . sometimes it will mean flashing a new bootloader , a new recovery ( this is becoming common ) or temporarily booting from an image over usb , in order to gain recovery access to the system partiton . on the nexus range of phones , and the development phones that were released by google , it is as simple as running " fastboot oem unlock " , though this will wipe the phone . also , bowing to pressure from the development community , many manufacturers now offer an official route to unlocking the bootloader . installing the root binaries . once the system partition has been cracked then the rest is fairly straight-forward . it basically means installing the ' su ' binary ( this escalates to super user permissions ) , and an apk which provides an android front end to ' su ' , and prompts the user when an app is requesting root permission . there are several approaches to this second stage . the most common has been to use a pre-rooted rom provided by the community . there is often a choice , from the stock rom provided by the manufacturer and then tinkered with to add the binaries , through to a whole range of aosp ( android open source project ) roms , such as cyanogenmod ( one which i contribute to ) . there are some other methods . for example , some phones ( eg galaxy nexus ) can use a " superboot " bootloader , which tinkers with your existing rom as bard of the boot process . it is flashed to your phone using the fastboot program . typically there will be a single favoured approach for any particular phone .
the following works for me on an htc incredible . hopefully your settings are similar . settings > language and keyboard > touch input > text input > prediction . you should be able to un-check prediction .
here is the ultimate answer : first , on your phone , install a terminal-emulator from android market , then run cat /proc/cpuinfo  which will show you the detailed processor information of your phone ( arm5 in my case ) . afterwards , you need to install an arm5 cross-compiler environment on your linux box ( download ubuntu and virtualbox if you are a windows/mac-freak and do not have a linux box ) , in order to compile native code for your phone . you do this in order to be able to start a privilege escalation attack on your phone . so , next , you need to cross-compile a privilege-escalation attack for arm5 ( htc hero microprocessor ) . for that , use the rageagainstthecage attack made by sebastian krahmer of suse linux berlin ( in binary only ) , reverse-engineered here : http://pastebin.com/fxsgij3n a precompiled version is available here http://cmw.22aaf3.com/common/rageagainstthecage-arm5.zip download the android sdk starter kit from google . install the appropriate android platform sdk ( version 2.1 for me ) . http://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html then , download the superuser ( su ) package : http://cmw.22aaf3.com/common/su-2.3.6.2-efgh.zip put all , the superuser package , the su program , and the rageagainstthecage exploit in the same folder as adb ( a program to connect to your android phone from the android sdk ) . you need to enable usb-debugging , and switch of internet sharing . next , you transmit the file rageagainstthecage . bin to folder /data/local/tmp on your phone ( initially , as normal user , you have write access only to the sdcard and the temp folder , but this is sufficient ) adb push rageagainstthecage.bin /data/local/tmp/  then you start a shell on your phone : adb shell  and change ownership on rageagainstthecage . bin to all chmod 755 /data/local/tmp/rageagainstthecage.bin  next , you start rageagainstthecage on your phone as normal user /data/local/tmp/rageagainstthecage  when the exploit finished , your adb connection should terminate . if it does not type exit adb kill-server adb start-server  now connect again to your phone : adb shell  adb shell now runs with escalated privileges ( root ) . so now , remount the file system so you can write on the system partition . mount -o remount,rw -t yaffs2 /dev/block/mtdblock3 /system exit  now push su and superuser to your phone ( remember , you have write access now ) adb push su /system/xbin/ adb push Superuser.apk /system/app/  and then change ownership on su to all adb shell chmod 4755 /system/xbin/su  next download and install one of all those free tether apps that require you to root your phone . start superuser . now start your tether app . a popup will appear , which will ask you whether you want to grant this app root access . say yes , and check remember . now switch of your phone and restart . when it has restarted , everything is back to normal , no more root privileges . but su is still there and executable for everyone . so , when logged in , start the wifi tether app . since you checked remember in the superuser app , it will use su to switch this application to root , which means it will now run fine , with only the tether app with root privileges : ) next , connect with your linux box to your brand-new working android wifi hotspot . after you are sure it works , do not forget to put access restrictions for the hotspot in place . btw , if you use your escalated privileges to export some apk packages for reverse-engineering , you will notice that android lacks the cp command . you can circumvent that restriction by using cat ( copy-cat ) instead : cat /data/app/superuser.apk &gt;&gt; /sdcard/Downloads/superuser.apk  ; - )
i just downloaded the official google reader app from the market . no widget yet .
it is not currently possible yet with the official cwm ( v6.0.2.3 ) or twrp ( v2.6.3.0 ) : clockworkmod recovery v6.0.2 . x will throw this error . you have to update it to cwm 6.0.4.5 which is not yet available for the galaxy tab 2 , 10.1 ( gt-p5113 ) . the latest version of twrp 2.6.3.0 also has this error . cyanogenmod posted about this issue on google plus with old versions of cwm . however it is possible with an unofficial recovery here is a description of the problem you are encountering with android 4.4 , in short , the previously used set_perms method was deprecated and replaced by set_metadata . unfortunately , most of available recoveries didn’t allow users to flash these packages properly , and this has resulted in the following error message : set_metadata_recursive : some changes failed this means you will have to use a different recovery that supports set_metadata_recursive , one such recovery that worked for me was , philz-non-touch-recovery_6 _ ( advanced-cwm ) . tar . md5 it is based off of cwm base v6.0.4.5 . you can find a conversation about it here . what i did was boot into download mode : shut down the tablet . unplug the usb . hold volume up and power . let go of both after it boots and you see it is in download mode . plug in usb . then you are going to want to untar the archive you have downloaded , tar xvvf ./GT-P5110_PhilZ-NON-Touch-Recovery_6_\(Advanced-CWM\).tar.md5  and , finally flash it into the recovery partition , heimdall flash --RECOVERY recovery.img --no-reboot  now when you boot into recovery mode and you are in philz non touch recovery 6 , you will see the option to flash the cm11 . zip , or adb sideload it , which is what i did . footnotes the gt-p5110 for philz works with the gt-p5113 too ; i have the gt-p5113 and it worked fine . this tutorial will also work just fine with the gt-p5110 ( which i think has a official cwm that does this ) . on this page you can also find the download link for the gt-p5100 .
after months of not being able to debug through adb , i have figured it out . according to this answer on stack overflow , the program EasyTetherUSBEthernet can cause problems with adb . running this in terminal , with a reboot fixed all my problems . sudo kextunload -v /System/Library/Extensions/EasyTetherUSBEthernet.kextv  if you need to use EasyTetherUSBEthernet you can reload it using : sudo kextload -v /System/Library/Extensions/EasyTetherUSBEthernet.kext 
the progress bar being stuck for a while is not unusual as progress bars are fairly difficult to get right . an update taking more than half an hour , on the other hand , does not sound right to me . of course your phone could simply be slower at this task than mine .
use alarm clock xtreme . its reliable and it has everything you want .
ps : i have just talked to some of my friends and on their phone i disappeared from their favourites list automatically without manually refreshing . i have just received the following answer from whatsapp 's support team : hi there , thanks for confirming your account to be deleted within the whatsapp settings . your phone number has been deactivated and it is scheduled to be deleted within 30 days . therefore , please have your contacts refresh their favorites list so that you no longer appear as a whatsapp user . if you have any other questions or concerns , please feel free to contact us . we would be happy to help ! sad that my friends have to refresh their favourites list manually for me to be deleted . especially when exactly this is described by whatsapp 's faq to be done seemingly automatically when you delete your account : deleting your account will do the following : [ … ] delete you from your friends ' whatsapp favorites lists . [ … ]
one way to prevent this is to create an extra guest profile with help from switchme : get root , install switchme , create an guest profile , protect your profile with an password and enable switchme 's login manager feature . this allows you to recover the tablet by rebooting into your profile and resetting or deleting the guest profile . note that switchme may not work with your rom .
as titanium backup technical faq states : this option tells the market that you do not want to update a specific app . this option is especially useful if you need to unlink wrongly linked android apps from play store , as this article explains .
after many failed tries to reactivate the htc facebook , i have decided to reset to factory defaults . this fixed the issue . now facebook for htc is working fine .
taking google 's music app as an example ( i would wager most others are implemented similarly ) , there are two distinct parts that constitute the app : the foreground processes and tasks that the user interacts with the background service that actually handles music playback point 2 can be verified in this android developer 's blog post wherein it is stated : music playback runs in a service to allow it to continue operating after the user leaves the music application . this distinction ends up being important when you remove an app from the recent tasks list . as covered in my answer to another question , the following is what happens when you swipe an app out of the list , as stated by android engineer dianne hackborn : actually , removing an entry in recent tasks will kill any background processes that exist for the process . it will not directly causes services to stop , however there is an api for them to find out the task was removed to decide if they want this to mean they should stop . this is so that removing say the recent task of an e-mail app will not cause it to stop checking for e-mail . in this case , that means that the foreground tasks of the music app are being stopped , but the background service ( evidently ) chooses to continue running . this is a product of the way the app is implemented , so you simply will not be able to stop music playback by swiping the app out of the list . instead , you can try the following from the recent apps list ( also covered in the above linked answer ) : if you really want to completely stop an app , you can long press on recent tasks to go to app info , and hit force stop there .
have had a look at the kmsg , and logcat , the logcat was showing this : am wondering is there an issue with the camera , as matter of interest , when taking a snapshot with the camera , it usually plays back an audio clip of sound of " snapshot " when the button is pressed ? this is coinciding with the oops : so my guess is that the media player , somewhere , between qualcomm hardware that controls the camera , and the playback crashed . am hedging bets on the kernel 's camera itself . . . best to post this on cm 's forum to see if this is known issue .
this has been reported as a bug in the android source but no particular action seems to have been taken . you can follow and star the issue on the android bug tracker . alternatively , one comment on the bug tracker notes some potential workarounds you an take a look at : just an additional comment for all those still waiting for this bug to be fixed : current version of handcent saves the " sent time " of the messages . it can be seen on " message details " . it is not the perfect solution but it is the best solution that we have right now . " sms timestamper fix " from andrperk worked for me most of the times but not always . additionally , some commenters have reported that certain handsets do not suffer from this bug , presumably because the manufacturer patched it themselves in their messaging application or sms framework .
yes install some other tts engine like , this or this . and as the market page says , to enable it : 1 . menu > settings > voice input and output > text-to-speech settings 2 . check " espeak tts " . 3 . set your " default engine " to " espeak tts " .
can the app record my internet browsing and send it to an outside source ? it may depend on which browser you are using . the stock browser should save it is browsing history within its private storage . if there is no root exploit , an external app should be unable to access the browsing history . can the app upload to an outside source photos that i have taken ? if the app requests and gets granted the write external storage permission , it would be able to access your photos . then it would only need the internet permission , to upload these photos so some site . can the app look at data from other apps and use it ? usually not . but again , if there is a root exploit available for your firmware version , it could use it to access every piece of data on your android device . are there particular app permissions which are rare requirements that might indicate a malicious app ? well , it depends on what the app should do and what permissions are requested . most apps that could also run offline , request the internet permission for ads . contact the app developer if you are not sure why the app needs/requests a particular permission . i would be careful with permissions that could also cost you money : send sms and call phone . i have heard that some strange social network app requests now send sms for some reason . also the read phone state and identity is pretty common , because it is needed for backwards compatibility with older android versions . but it allows the app to read for example your imei , which is unique to your device .
battery indicator pro or a similar alternative might help . in addition to showing the remaining battery in numbers , it also tries to " guesstimate " the remaining minutes , depending on light/medium/heavy usage .
posted my question too quickly , i just found a way to do a bit the same , when the keyboard is out , a press on back will hide it , this is handy when filling forms with numerous entries , to make the keyboard pop out again simply click in a text field . . . this is enough so far , and a long press on the menu will bring out the search window .
according to this question/answer , the . asec files are actually dm-crypt containers which can be mounted , and contain the unencrypted . apk . the keys are stored in /data/misc/systemkeys/AppsOnSD.sks . the mounting process depends on the tools available , but it can be as simple as running ( on linux ) to mount and umount /your/mountpoint &amp;&amp; cryptsetup close asecmount &amp;&amp; losetup -d /dev/loop0 . you can also access the contents of the . asec file from /mnt/asec/[app-id]/ if you have it already mounted on your device .
they are stored in your music.db file - mine is /data/data/com.google.android.music/databases ; i am not sure if this is exactly the same across all devices but i would guess it probably is . they live in a combination of the LISTS and LISTITEMS tables , which are defined as such : interestingly , if you are using the new google music beta , playlists that you create do not seem to appear in other apps but they do have entries in the db . it looks like this is possibly because the MusicSourceAccount field is set to your google music account id ; other apps set it to 0 , and those appear across all apps that take data from the db .
i use photowonder for this .
as the factory-reset already correctly suggests , the description makes quite clear that such happened . a factory-reset " deletes " everything from your internal-storage -- that is , all the apps you have installed , all data , caches , etc . so nothing is left but what you have moved to sdcard/external storage . while there are possibilities to even recover deleted data ( usually via a nandroid backup or any other 1:1 copy of the entire file system and doing file carving ) , this is nothing easy and you must start the copy as soon as possible , before you do any other initialization ( which you already did ) . with every data change , chances to recover something get smaller . we have some questions/answers behind the data-recovery tag explaining this in more detail , see e.g. how can i recover a deleted file on android ? recover deleted content from userdata partition ? btw : with all other data on internal-storage , also the logs are gone for good -- which is a pity , as it would be very interesting to know what triggered an automatic factory-reset . the only thing coming to my mind is a remote-wipe , which might have been triggered either via your company ( if you are accessing their exchange server via active-sync , and thus accepted the corresponding device-administrator ) -- or the previous owner ( if any ) having set up some anti-theft app , and now pulled the trigger on you . . .
i can not say for sure , but there is probably a zero-width non-breaking space , or some other invisible or unprintable character , at the start of the label , causing it to sort ahead of normal characters .
looks like it depends on the book . from google play support : downloading free music , tv shows , and certain free books and magazines is still considered a transaction , even when the price of the item is $0.00 . if you do not have a credit card associated to your google wallet account or if you do not have not set up a google wallet account , you will be prompted to add a new payment method upon when downloading certain content from google play .
here are the locations you can try to back up : however , if you are trying to install ics a complete wipe is most definitely required . generally , re-partitioning the internal memory should wipe its contents . i would try manually re-flashing recovery , wiping the device completely ( system , data , cache , and dalvik cache ) and re-flashing the rom . if you do manage to salvage any app data , i would highly recommend not restoring it on the new rom , as that can lead to problems , especially if you are backing up to fat/ntfs drive ( linux file permissions are lost . )
here 's what i could find so far : match2blue for android enables you to meet new friends and find old ones anywhere , anytime . it takes location- and interest-based mobile social networking to the next level . search with match2blue for users who have identical or similar interests to yours singlesaroundme works to plot singles on a geographical map around you , where you can control the distance from 100 yards to 100 miles /km . you can define your search to display only the type of singles who interest you . you can view a user 's profile , photos and send various flirtatious winks and text messages , add them to your hot list and /or block list . it also features a uniquely fun “destination search” tool , which allows you to look for singles at specific locations of your choice – in bars , restaurants , resorts , distant cities , wherever , before leaving home . flirtmaps , the first geo-aware mobile dating apps to find dates ! you are either very smart or very lucky ! you’ve just found flirtmaps , the first geo-aware mobile dating app that lets you find your next date right in the neighborhood . . . or around the world ! skout for flirting , dating , friendship and love ! chat and browse photos for free ! use skout to flirt , play , party , find a date or new friends . at skout we take your safety and privacy very seriously . no one can figure out your exact whereabouts . i am here plus allows you to use sms text messaging to check the status and gps location of any person on your contact list , as long as they have " im here plus " installed as well . you may also choose to send others your current location via sms , whether with just your gps address or with an edited personalized location . nearley is popular facebook location application to list all facebook users located within your distance . if you root your android phone and enable wifi tethering , you could use your ipod touch tethered through the droid and still use whoshere i have not tested any of these out . if you can comment with which of these you prefer , that would be great ! thanks !
i can give you one suggestion . based on the what you have posted and based on what i understand do the following thing . * . backup all your data through bluetooth and do a settings reset . (Settings --&gt; Privacy --&gt; Settings reset) . and try to connect to computer using your usb setup . if still no help do the next step * . do a factory reset . (Settings --&gt; Privacy --&gt; Factory data reset). if still no help then that might be hardware issue . go to any samsung customer service center . they might replace only the pins section .
the only reason you need to root phones in the first place is that the manufacturer has tried to prevent software choice on the phone platform . the pc design is pretty unique in that it has had a choice of software platform for so long that it is an ingrained feature , although with secure boot on windows 8 devices this is likely on the way out .
you can do it according to this post on xda : make a file called 99applock . txt insert code below and put you messaging service in where it says ppid ( that usually can be found in data/data if your using aftermakrket sms app ) remove the . txt extension and put file in ect/init . d and just give it 777 permissions , it works for me .  #!/system/bin/sh sleep 60 PPID=$(pidof com.your.app) echo "-17" &gt; /proc/$PPID/oom_adj renice -18 $PPID 
mhl compatibility on a tv only means that it will supply sufficient power ( 500ma , 900ma , or 2000ma , depending on which version of the mhl spec it is compatible with ) through the hdmi port to power the adapter and charge the phone . an mhl adapter will work just fine with a non-mhl tv . you just need to supply your own power from a regular charger . this is what the female microusb port on the mhl-to-hdmi adapters is for . you plug the charger into that , plug the hdmi cable into the tv , and mhl cable into the phone and you are off to the races . not all phones support mhl however , the nexus 4 in the question supports slimport instead .
ultimately i plugged the kindle into my macbook instead of my ubuntu machine , and it mounted it just fine . no idea what the issue is with my desktop - all other devices on the hub work fine , switching ports changed nothing , etc etc . if your device will not mount , try it with a different computer . for some reason .
if you are running the htc sense ui , then it should already be disabled . otherwise check this blog post for a . zip you can flash to disable it .
bearing in mind i am using cyanogenmod6 + google apps your mileage may vary - but i can access my my maps as follows : open google maps ( the application , not the full site ) click menu select layers select more layers select my maps and your maps should be displayed job done [ edit ] looks like i would installed the wrong google apps package when i flash my rom last night , ( tiny instead of medium ) , and the updated version has the layers button up next to the search bar - so i do not need to open the menu ( step 2 ) anymore .
the only solution i have found and seems to be working with more than one services , is to make sure that i leave open in the task manager the applications i do not want to be closed down . this is not a bulletproof approach , but it works for hours or even days ( at least in my case ) and it is much faster than manually changing oom priority ( only to find out that oom changes back after a while by the system itself ) . ideal solution would be an application that monitors oom of services specified by the user and making sure it is kept at certain levels , but i have not found any that can do that until now .
make sure you are using the latest samsung drivers . uninstall all previous samsung drivers , and try to use a lower windows version like w7 . w8.1 is still full of weirdness , especially when mixing 32bit and 64bit software .
" to turn on automatic updating ? " i highly doubt there is an intent for this - that is a user setting and android does not generally allow apps to change user settings . i think the best solution is to , first , manually turn on the auto-updates feature of the play store , and set it to wifi only , and second , launch the play store when you connect to the desired hotspot . just launching it will typically cause it to perform any pending updates . i am not sure how you specify this in tasker or llama , but you can launch the play store by sending an intent that requests that a play store url be launched ( e . g . the url of a play store app or publisher ) , e.g. new intent ( intent . action_view , uri . parse ( " http://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id= "+appname ) ) more info about that is here . finally , you should go to the wifi settings and mark your home wifi network as metered . whoops . i have seen that setting in the api docs here but now i can not find a way for a user to set it . maybe that is only available for cell networks , or maybe that is coming in future versions of android ( the api was just added recently ) .
android as a platform does not have any equivalent to gamecenter currently . some android games use openfeint for leaderboards and achievements , but it is not an official standard of any kind and it is not implemented in the angry birds games specifically . other games choose to implement their own leaderboard systems ( pewpew does this , for example ) .
there are a number of factors that determine if a video will play on android : it has to be the correct codec - see this list it has to either be small enough to download entirely before playing or be encoded in a form that allows streaming . chances are the problem you are seeing is that the codec the videos are encoded in is not supported , so yes , re-encoding with ffmpeg or mencoder or something similar into one of the supported video codecs may well work . to enable streaming , if you first encode it as an mp4 file then pass it through something like mp4box it will tag it for streaming so yuo can play longer video clips on android .
the sim lock stuff is in a separate rom chip that is not part of the normal phone storage , afaik . it is manufacturer/device dependent . definitely nothing to do with the baseband ( and you can certainly flash other basebands ) .
not with the gmail app that comes with the phone , no . but , if you really wanted this , you could do it like so : create a new gmail account , like emailsfrommyfriendjohnsmith@gmail.com. setup the new gmail account in your android phone , and enable notifications . in the gmail web interface , set up a filter in your current gmail account that has all email from your friend forwarded to the new email address . ( you will still see these emails in your regular inbox . ) voila !
it means some models have the nfc chip , and some do not . from what i understand , at the moment , only the model released in south korea has the nfc chip . my model ( from the uk ) does not have it . though i have been following sgs2 news , i have not read anything about the possibility of retrofitting a chip later - either you have it or you do not .
the official sony page says it has flash preinstalled ( look on the " in business " tab , " fast and full internet " section ) . the xperia mini pro meets the specs for adobe air , so i see no reason to believe you could not download air as well .
you can use an app like wavepad audio editing app . it is said to have the ability to work with multiple audio files . if you do not mind adverts , there is a free version for this software as well .
stock froyo ? no , not at the moment . custom rom ? take a look at xda forums , there are some roms currently in progress , but might be unstable on your phone .
regular android messaging apps tend to disallow files other than image/video . i use tmail by phonelight available from google play store : tmail breaks the restrictions of all the messaging apps . it is the only app that allows the user to attach any kind of file to an mms message . you are now not limited to image , audio or video file . tmail has expanded the mms capability . you can use the trial version to test it . the unlimited version costs 0,81€ .
your device seems to be quite easy to root . make sure you have samsung kies installed . download odin 1.8.3 go here and download the appropriate file for your firmware . to find out you firmware 's version , you can run dumpstate on the phone ( via adb shell or any terminal application ) . the fifth line of the output will contain the version identifier ( like Build: GINGERBREAD.XWKPG ) . start your phone in download mode . switch off your phone , and restart it while holding power + volume down + home enter download mode and plug your phone into your pc . start odin and put the firmware you just downloaded into the pda box . click start . your phone should reboot after a while . congratulations ! you are now rooted ! switch off your phone and reboot into recovery by holding volume up + home + power . wipe dalvik cache . reboot . source
you are going to need to install a sense-based rom . cyanogenmod is basically a customized build of the android open source project ( aosp ) code , which is released in source form by google . they use only open source components , and sense is a proprietary , closed source ui made by htc . installing a rom with sense is very easy , though . the procedure will be just like flashing cm - boot into recovery and flash a . zip file with the rom that you want ( alternatively , install via rom manager , whatever you prefer ) . there are custom sense roms as well as " stock " rooted roms floating around . the xda boards have a handful of each . you can find a rooted stock rom here , though , if you are looking to go back to the original system as provided by htc ( but retaining root ) . edit : i answered this under the assumption that you have no backups to work with , but if you used clockworkmod to create a backup of your system before installing cm7 ( which is highly advised for any future readers out there ! ) , you can restore that backup and . . . well , be back where you were on a stock rooted system . after all , that is the point of the backup !
the only work around for that problem is , to use this app -> cloudmagic ( https://cloudmagic.com ) solved my problem but it would be reate when google will fix this for the stock email app .
the main difference that i can see is the type of accounts that are supported : the gmail app is limited to accounts from google : username@gmail.com read and respond to your conversations online and offline manage multiple accounts view and save attachments set up label notifications email app : username@your_domain.com the main feature is that it works with all email providers , but its a very basic app , you can send and receive emails , but no search capabilities present .
tap to open the folder , then long-press the text making up the name . that should change it to an editable field .
you will need to root your phone with unrevoked and remove the cdrom . iso file located in /system/etc/ that is the only way to prevent that . the neat upside is that once you have rooted , you can replace that cdrom . iso with any other iso you had like to auto-mount .
some tablets support usb hubs . source
the short answer is that managed items are items that can only be purchased once per user and that google play keeps track of their purchase , unmanaged items are not tracked by google play and they can be purchased multiple times . a fuller description is given in google 's in-app billing version 2 : managed per user account — items that can be purchased only once per user account on google play . when a user purchases an item that uses the " managed per user account " product type , google play permanently stores the transaction information for each item on a per-user basis . this enables you to later query google play to restore the state of the items a specific user has purchased . if a user attempts to purchase a managed item that has already been purchased , google play prevents the user from purchasing the item again and displays an " item already purchased " error . the " managed " product type is useful if you are selling items such as game levels or application features . these items are not transient and usually need to be restored whenever a user reinstalls your application , wipes the data on their device , or installs your application on a new device . unmanaged — items that do not have their transaction information stored on google play . this means that you cannot later query google play to retrieve transaction information for those items . for " unmanaged " purchases , you are responsible for managing the transaction information . also , google play does not attempt to prevent the user from purchasing an item multiple times if it uses the " unmanaged " product type . it is up to you to control how many times an unmanaged item can be purchased . the " unmanaged " product type is useful if you are selling consumable items , such as fuel or magic spells . these items are consumed within your application and are usually purchased multiple times . note that only version 2 of the in-app billing deals with both managed and unmanaged , version 3 only deals with the managed in-app product type .
did you download wireless tether from the market or from http://code.google.com/p/android-wifi-tether/ ? if you are running android 2.1 you need to take the extra steps listed here : http://code.google.com/p/android-wifi-tether/wiki/setup_htc_desire_incredible if you are running 2.2 then in theory it should just work . i would first try the latest release candidate here : http://code.google.com/p/android-wifi-tether/downloads/detail ? name=wireless_tether_2_0_5-rc2 . apk and can=2 and q= let me know how it works out .
the file is not encrypted , unless your specify so when creating the backup . it is however compressed ( using deflate ) . you can find out the exact format by looking at android source ( com/android/server/backupmanagerservice . java ) code , and , technically , should be able to extract specific data from it . however , iirc , there are some file integrity checks in place , so it most probably will not work if you just delete a bunch of data from it . unfortunately the restore command does not seem to have an option to restore a particular app/package only or exclude a package .
by workspace you mean homescreen ? you could try a custom launcher , like apex or nova , which allow you to backup your homescreens .
installing wifi keyboard as suggested by gathrawn made input much easier .
as long as you log in to the new device with the same google account that you use on the incredible you will have access to all the apps that you purchased / downloaded . you will not have to purchase them again . the android market is tied to your google account , not the device .
a system update will most likely un-root your phone , but if all you have is the tethering hack , i would recommend updating , re-rooting , and reinstalling the hack , after making sure the the hack is supported in the next version .
solution that worked for me : connect the phone to the charger switch it off ( 10 sec press power button ) as soon as the led light up and the phone screen is black , disconnect it from the charger the phone should remain off ( wait for 10 sec to be sure ) connect again the charger and then unplug it after 5 sec now try to boot the recovery ( power + volume up ) once you are in recovery : fix the permission to enable r/w on system . clean cache and dalvin cache if you need flash it again ( you can push file with adb ) now the phone boots perfectly ! i am using lewa mod for reference .
to update the ring tone directory , the media scanner has to run . usually restarting the phone will do this , but if media scanner is not checking that directory when the device starts you can try to create a file in the sdcard ringtone directory with an app that triggers media scanner . i think astro file manager will trigger it . if that does not work , you could try clearing the cache ( i assume root since you are using root explorer and deleting system ringtones ) , the system may be caching that information and thinks they are still there .
looking through the hyperdrive rom page for note 3 at xda , power menu toggle can be adjusted by the following steps . open the application Hyperdrive Tweaks included in the rom . in the app goto General Mods &gt; Extended Power Menu select the options you want for power menu toggles viz ( shut down / restart / recovery etc ) . however , i cannot find out where to disable the volume settings control from the power button , my assumption would be under audio mods of hyperdrive tweaks . reading further down in the thread , few have mentioned that enabling the power toggle in the hyperdrive tweaks app should override the current volume control toggle behaviour by power button ( long press ) .
no . as reported and commented on by various users , there is no exfat support built in to android , so the nexus s will not read the disk .
i was able to use a samsung driver . go to device manager , find the android device , and select update driver software . select browse my computer for driver software select let me pick from a list of device drivers on my computer select adb interface from the list select samsung android adb interface ( this is a signed driver ) . if you get a warning , select yes to continue . done ! for good measure , i ran adb kill-server and adb start-server . then when i ran adb devices i finally saw a device listed so i fired up intellij and all is good in the world again !
phone schedule
you can use an external bluetooth or usb keyboard with the nexus 7 . for more information see the connect to keyboards , mice , and other devices section of the nexus 7 manual . mike elgan reports that the nexus 7 also works with an apple bluetooth keyboard .
there is a thread on google groups that covers this issue . by the answer provided by analikeslattes , this is being considered and possible prepared by google staff since 5/1/12: android instant upload to drive hi all , thanks for your input . we have heard many requests along these lines , and are definitely looking into potential solutions on our end . i will do my best to keep this forum updated once relevant features start to become available . in the meantime , please keep posting your requests about the drive android app ! we are always excited to hear from our users . cheers , ana as far as i can tell , this is not yet implemented and a year has passed . since both applications are from google and they alone can take the necessary steps to have this feature implemented properly , i would suggest to you and any interested person to visit the thread and leave the " feature-wish " there . app suggestion while it would be great to have a native solution for this problem , oliver salzburg commented on my post at google+ about this issue refering the app suggested bellow , that i have just now tested and is working beautifully sending all of my files to my desired destination on the google drive . foldersync lite foldersync is a application that enables simple sync to cloud based storage to and from local folders on the device memory card . it currently support multiple skydrive , dropbox , sugarsync , ubuntu one , box .net, livedrive , hidrive , google docs , netdocuments , amazon s3 , ftp , ftps , sftp , webdav or windows share ( samba/cifs ) accounts , and support for more platforms are planned . you do not need more than 5 minutes to complete the 3 basic steps : add your google drive account add a folderpair start the sync process
that sounds like a bad sd card . insist doing that over and over again , with sound files and movie files as well .
this happened to me again . the process of unlocking was as follows : - call the android phone from a normal phone - pick up the phone - press the options button - click the button to add someone to the call - press the " go back " button it should return you to the home page . after that , setup pattern unlock . it only uses the touch-screen , so it works with a broken lock button .
i ended up looking at cyanongenmod 's source code and figured out how they did it . here is my working . sh script : echo 'boot-recovery ' &gt; /cache/recovery/command echo '--update_package=/sdcard/update.zip' &gt;&gt; /cache/recovery/command reboot recovery 
disable the google contacts sync app ( Settings -&gt; Apps -&gt; All -&gt; GoogleContactsSyncAdapter -> disable ) and reboot , then try adding a contact again . if this does not help and you have rooted your android then you can delete /system/app/GoogleContactsSyncAdapter.apk with a file browser ( but take a backup first ! ) . either way , next time you create a contact you should be informed that the contact will be stored locally . as far as i can tell this will not break anything else . however , if you also use another account with sync function like microsoft exchange ( for hotmail ) , you will have to remove that one too . ( in case of microsoft exchange , it is best to remove the entire account , because just disabling the app prevents you from receiving emails anyway . source
this is not possible without a third-party application . a quick search on google play shows several apps which should allow you to do what you want .
those of you who had tried ota ( over the air ) or used kies to update - and failed . my recommendation is flash your smartphone using software . i went to an authorised samsung dealer who flashed my phone - and did not have to backup either - and it took only 10 - 15 minutes , in total . flashing uses proprietary software .
the linux user ids that android uses to isolate apps from each other are completely unrelated to user profiles on android 4.2 tablets . in android , each app gets its own directory for saving data . the linux user id system is used to make sure apps can not read each others ' data . but all these data directories are inside one directory on the filesystem , /data/user/0 . let 's say the first user is called abulurd , and he installs the app showr . it might be given user id 1004 , and the directory /data/user/0/com.shadowburst.showr . now , let 's say you create a new user profile for beatrice . she gets a fresh directory , /data/user/1 , which starts off empty . when she logs into the device , and installs showr , it does not download the app again ( because the android app installer knows the apk file is already on the device ) , but it does create a new user id 1007 ( for example ) , and a new directory /data/user/1/com.shadowburst.showr . android uses linux filesystem permissions , and the different linux user ids , not only to make sure that abulurd 's showr can not read the data of abulurd 's other apps , but also that abulurd 's showr can not read the data of beatrice 's showr . the two instances of showr run in different processes , with different user ids . if you are familiar with linux terminology , making a new user profile is similar to using chroot on the device to get an isolated part of the filesystem to run apps in . what i have described is the usual process , but just as apps can be written to share a data directory with other apps by the same developer ( signed with the same key ) , android gives apps the opportunity to say they work with multiple users . this way , an app can be written to have one process for all the user profiles , to let them share data or perform some special function . the lock screen has to work this way , for instance , because all user profiles share one lock screen app , which has to read all users ' lock-screen settings .
it appears it is just not possible to sync messages without any label whatsoever , even in android 4 . *
there is no limit . from google support : downloading previously purchased and downloaded apps when you download a paid or free app on google play , the app is connected to your google account , meaning that you get several benefits : if you get a new device , remove an app to free up space , or reset your device , you can reinstall the app without purchasing it again . if you have multiple devices , you can install the app on all of your devices without purchasing the app again . you can quickly find free or paid apps that you previously downloaded .
you can use tasker for this ( play store link ) . tasker can create macros that are run on certain triggers , such as connecting the phone to a charger . an example of the necessary programming can be found here . check the link for additional info , but here 's the necessary part :
it turned out that mount is not actually supplied by busybox , but by toolbox . with this knowledge , it was easy to track down the cause of the bug : unlike busybox , since i do not have another " toolbox " implementation with a correctly working mount command , it is likely that the behavior would've been easy to see from the code . in fact the problem is here at line 330 : it checks if type == NULL , but then outputs an USAGE that erroneously shows -t as optional compare with busybox at line 1930 : // Loop through filesystem types until mount succeeds
the solution is to buy a galaxy tab . my nexus is dead . asus not even accepts it to make a diagnostic . the " global " warranty is not valid in brazil . by a better quality product from a company that respect their users .
most phones can not upgrade ( officially ) without a signed firmware package designed to upgrade from the existing version of android that is already on the phone . in those cases , you can not upgrade without rooting and/or unlocking your bootloader and/or flashing a custom recovery , which all void your warranty . some phones may not be as limited ; for example , the original software on the original galaxy s devices allowed unsigned updates to be flashed without needing to unlock the device . theoretically you could try to flash a firmware package from a different region ; it is hard to say how that would affect your warranty ( and besides , that is really off-topic here :p ) . you could also of course flash a custom rom with a newer version of android , which again will void your warranty just like rooting .
nexus ones do not ship with ' s-off ' , they ship with a " locked " bootloader which then must be unlocked . you can actually use fastboot to unlock the bootloader , just run fastboot oem unlock on your pc using adb ( android device bridge ) . modaco has a post here with complete instructions and a multi-platform download of the needed tools .
you can check the changelog and comments on the market for information , quite many apps have recently been updated to be ics compatible and there is usually a mention of this in the changelog . also , if the app is not compatible , there is usually a comment about this . in my experience , almost all of the apps i use are compatible with ics or have been updated . some may not have all the compatibility features such as the new menu style , but ics is backwards compatible with the old style too . edit : developers can also specify the parameter android:maxsdkversion in their androidmanifest . xml which restricts the application from running ( and afaik also from showing up in the market ) on newer platforms . i have not published any apps in the market so i am not sure if there are separate settings in there to restrict the apps from installing on higher version platforms . you can try to check the androidmanifest . xml of your apps by using android-apktool , but this requires you to know how to get the . apk files to your pc .
apps can store data in both places , but the sd card has a fat filesystem which does not support file permissions . this means that a malicious app could erase or change app data very easily if the data was on the sd card . as well , you can swap sd cards or format your card , and then the app would have " forgotten " all its settings and lost all the other data . so it is a very good idea to put app data in the phone storage , where android can manage access to the data and protect it .
google recently released Google Hindi ime ( input method editor , a techy name for keyboard ) which i now saw with my friend 's nexus 4 . it has the requested rupee symbol :
you describe the options displayed with a word highlighted including " share " . behind this item hides an entire menu , the so-called " share menu " , where many apps plug themselves in as receivers for compatible content . a highlighted word might serve as such content for several things -- e.g. a web search ( so google search could pick it ) , send by mail/sms , or -- the interesting part here -- some dictionary/translator app . while i would suspect google search could cover that as well , i want to give you another interesting idea : colordict dictionary wikipedia is an app that can be used for online and offline " word lookup " in dictionaries , be it translation , synonyms , or definitions . the app supports a bunch of dictionaries for offline use , as well as several online dictionaries and , the name suggests it , wikipedia . if it integrates with the " share menu " ( which i guess it does ) , this would make the perfect candidate for you : colordict ( source : google play ; click images for larger variants )
i would recommend checking out locale , it is meant for this kind of automation . or tasker could work too , and it has a 7-day free trial on the manufacturer 's page .
in communications with the coder who created terminal-ide , known only as spartacus rex , the terminal-ide community is fairly new and no one had yet created a community . so , i did . you can now find : a web site where there may one day be a wiki ( help needed - can you help set up a wiki ? ) . an email list to join to ask and answer questions . this list has a searchable archive . a new blog-site . and , at least one new contribution of code to help user 's out . it is called resolver . happy ? give it a thumb 's up !
with later updates to the system , it seems that the issue has resolved itself .
it seems i was running the 5.0 version of google maps . i tried to search for an update on the market , but i could not even find the app . the most surprising thing was that using the exact search strings , i was able to find it very easy in the browser . i downloaded the 5.2 apk , and i installed it from the sdcard . afterwards , everything worked .
what you probably want is your phone work as adhoc and as an ap at the same time i guess it is called bridging http://compnetworking.about.com/cs/wirelessproducts/f/apbridgingmode.htm i do not think that at first android phones support the adhoc mode at all yet . stackexchange-url the bridging is only possible for normal wifi routers not for android phones . routers also support wds http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wireless_distribution_system there is no such thing as wds for android phones yet afak . hope it clarifies the matter abit . thanks .
thanks to t0mm13m 's comments : the keyword is nitz - that is where it comes from . certain roms fail to handle it , others do . if it fails , can always fallback on a ntp app like clocksync ( this requires root btw ) : )
yes , it is . when you first boot the device , it asks for your google account . just select the option " i do not have a google account " and then the option that says you do not want to create one . note that you can not use some google services like play store which require a google account .
the problem could be your proximity sensor , which is located on top of the front of your phone . basically the way it works is if you are on a call and you put your phone to your ear , the screen will go out to avoid your ear messing with the touch screen . if you are under warranty , have it checked on your nearest service center . i had this problem once , told my service center that i think the proximity sensor is the problem , then they fixed it in under 30 minutes . check out this question and install the apps from the top answer and see for yourself : how do i test that proximity sensor on galaxy nexus works as expected
seems as if google is evil¹ and removed that option from jelly bean to enforce their drm schemes² . i found however a tool which restores it : automated framework kit ¹like we didn’t already know that . ²i have no idea what was the rationale behind it , but remember it’s the company which has a mail service that’s immensely popular despite not properly working with any major mail client .
some devices , like the motorola xoom , the sony ericsson xperia active and the galaxy nexus , have an air pressure sensor built into them that measures the barometric air pressure . i have the barometer hd app installed on my xoom which seems to give roughly the same reading as my suunto electronic barometer . support for a barometer pressure ( and other environmental ) sensor was added in android 2.3 to follow the trend of linking to the related developer resource , i believe this is a type_pressure sensor . see also this related stackoverflow question android devices with pressure sensor , and this gizmodo article for some of the possible uses for the barometer , which includes helping the device to calculate your altitude in gps apps . android engineer dan morrill made a post to google+ explaining why the galaxy nexus had a barometer internally : i have seen a lot of hay made about the barometer in galaxy nexus . here 's the skinny ; it is not really as dramatic or weird as people think . the primary purpose of the barometer is ( at least , i have been told ) to make gps lockons faster . locking on to a gps involves numerically solving a 4-dimensional set of linear equations -- 3 dimensions in space , and time . ( yes , you get accurate time for free if you lock on to gps . ) because of the way gps works , this can take a few minutes . this goes much faster if you already have an estimate of your location . this is why " agps " ( assisted gps ) services are so popular : by starting with a rough city-level coordinate fix through something like cell-tower network location , you can reduce the amount of math you have to do to lock on . this is where the barometer comes in . the 3 dimensions in space are latitude , longitude . . . and altitude . the barometer gives you a reasonable first-cut estimate for altitude . this gives you a bit of a leg up on one of the dimensions -- especially combined with "2d " agps -- which can help speed up lock-on in general . now of course , the barometer can also be used for things like , well , determining atmospheric pressure ( although i am not sure it is really weather grade . ) but the main reason it is in your phone is to help with gps .
the kindle fire will function as it normally would , but you cannot use the video on demand service while you are rooted . the amazon appstore functions fine even if you are rooted . you can revert to the " original functionality " with the " unroot " button provided by superoneclick . nobody knows this but amazon . honeycomb was not open-sourced when the fire was being developed , and amazon forked the android open source code to create the kindle fire 's codebase . thus , the fire was built using the newest available source at the time of development - gingerbread . i rooted my kindle fire ~30 minutes after i got it , largely because i wanted access to the market but also to ease any development i do with it . everything works like normal except vod ( as noted above ) .
i finally found the solution . yes adb of beaglebone is rooted but there is not a su binary . so i was not able to execute this code within my app : process proc = runtime . getruntime ( ) . exec ( "su mount -t vfat -o rw /dev/block/sd* /storage/usb1" ) ; but i finally find a program to root beaglebone black and install a valid su binary . you can download it here : http://www.unlockroot.com/unlockroot.html but be careful ! it installs bunch of unwanted programs to your computer too . once you install the program , connect your beaglebone via usb . first you need to unroot beaglebone . so open the program , you downloaded , and click unroot . it will take a couple of minutes . then restart your beaglebone and click root from program . then restart your beaglebone again . and voila :d you have 100% rooted beaglebone with a valid su binary . you can mount and unmount usb storages and copy files within your application . but you should do it like that :
in case some one else comes across this . i did not completely figure out why 1 updated firmware tablet works and 1 non updated tablet does not with the same file path from sdcard0 . i did notice on the updated firmware tablet in storage i have folders emulated ( read only ) , sdcard0 ( read/write ) , and sdcard1 ( neither ) . what i understand these are android 4.2 multiuser folders . using the html file from either legacy/0 folders within the emulated folder turns out to work fine with chrome . both those folders are read and write . so that is my solution for now . side note , the emulated folder is not on the non updated firmware tablet .
it is caused by the app smart app protector that maybe you installed and activated an option called observer . just check the observer and watch who wanted to enter your apps . good luck .
yes . you will use it as a regular phone , but will be disconnected from the networks ( facebook , twitter , ims , sync , etc ) yes . you can access your calendar offline . and yes , you can sync when wi-fi is available . yes , you just disable data traffic .
you can install cyanogenmod or any number of custom roms , but it sounds like you will need to develop a specific rom for your situation . if you only want the user to run a single app , i would imagine you had have to develop an app that declares itself as a home screen/launcher , and have your rom only include that app as the main launcher . this is basically how barnes and noble made the nook simple touch . their own launcher is very limited and does not let you install apps or see anything that looks like android . as soon as you get root via an exploit , you can easily install your own launcher that gives you access to the standard android interface and turns the nook simple touch into a fully fledged ( if limited ) tablet . a specific implementation is outside the focus of this stackexchange site , but you can get programming advice at stackoverflow . com
i believe nexus 10 has gps hardware which can provide location information without any aid from gsm or wi-fi sources - same as my nexus 7 wi-fi only model . i have used my nexus 7 on road ( without any data connection ) and used is gps capabilities . i am just wondering how a did you get this suspicion when the specification clearly says about availability of the gps ?
from the google+ app , select Settings -&gt; Instant Upload and press the Upload all item , it will just upload any photos that have not already been uploaded . as noted in the comments , you can also share individual photos in your album via google+ .
the fact that the " connected " message only appeared sometimes and that lsusb was unable to detect the nexus casted a doubt on the cable . i just tested with another cable and it works . my other cable seems to have a damaged connector .
i ended up contacting twitter support and they verified ownership of the account using a dm .
no . it is not just a question of adding something to the chooser ( the menu of apps ) : there needs to be an app on the other end to take the photo , log into flickr , and understand flickr 's api ( the programming interface that apps use ) in order to upload the photo . it also needs to handle possible failures , such as resuming or retrying the upload later if you lose internet connection . if you want a share option that shares to flickr , there are many flickr apps on google play that only do uploading , and do not have any functionality to browse or view photos . that way you can have the share option while still keeping your phone lean . alternatively , you can browse to the flickr website in your web browser and upload photos from there . it is not as convenient but it is the only way that does not involve any kind of special-purpose app .
tl ; dr version : just use the gps . long version : turn on wifi positioning ( "location and security > use wireless network" ) , turn on gps ( "location and security > use wireless network" ) , use google maps ( or other gps applications ) , then walk/drive around your city . when you turn on both of these services , before the gps acquires a " fix " , android will send the wifi 's mac/ssid and cell tower base stations cid/lac around you to google 's server and google 's server will send back your location information ; after the gps acquires a " fix " , your device will send the wifi mac/ssid , cell tower cid/lac , and your gps location to google 's server and google 's server will collect this information to refine their own wifi database . note : i believe the device could also be sending other data , like signal strength and possibly ping latency ; but i am not sure about the specifics of these . also from google 's support forum : by christopher ( google employee ) if your location is being incorrectly detected by a google maps or latitude using google 's cell id ( cell tower ) or wifi ( wireless network ) location database , you can help provide updated info to correct google 's database using google maps for mobile . at this time , you cannot provide individual updates to google 's location databases , though they are being updated and improved constantly over time . open google maps on an android 2.0+ , windows mobile , or symbian s60 phone and enable gps . while maps is simultaneously connected to a gps satellite and a cell tower or wifi router , you will be providing updated anonymous geographic data for the cell tower or wifi router to which you are connected . please note that this data is anonymous and may require a significant amount of data from you and other users before changes are made to google 's location database . android : you must enable settings > location and security > use wireless networks and have previously given consent for anonymous location data collection . you can check if you have given consent by un-checking and re-checking the ' use wireless networks ' setting .
you can try syncing your phone contacts with gmail , preferably into a group . then use gmail 's web interface to export that group into a google csv format , use a text editor to replace " , 00xxx " with " , +xxx " ( and do any other editing while you are at it ) in the csv file , and reimport into gmail .
the build you flashed appears to have an associated xda thread . the first post of that thread ( by the rom 's creator ) contains this a little ways down : - flash this if your are having root issues - http://goo-inside.me/superuser/superuser-3.0.7-efghi-signed.zip i would start there , and see if it resolves the problem . you should just need to download the zip file and flash it from recovery ( i can not test this myself , unfortunately . i do not own an sgs ) . edit : this looks like it may be a common problem with that particular build . there are some posts toward the end of the thread where people are saying they can not get root to work either . another post has a flashable zip file attached that is apparently intended to fix the issue as well .
tap anywhere on the page and the menu reappears .
i do not know how to get it by the adb command . but you can get it programmably with the sdk . there is a class build which have many information of the current running phone , such as you wanted model number can be got by the build . model .
i called at and t , and this is a mandatory update . other than rooting , there is no way to avoid the message . you can avoid the download by not going onto wifi . if you install the update , you need to re-enter wifi passwords every time you reconnect to a wifi network . horrible ! i am avoiding this thing even if have to keep hitting the home key when the message pops up .
the " hc " in every sd-card name simply means " high capacity " - i.e. every sd card with more than 8gb is a SDHC card . every " sdhc " card is sd-standart 2.0 ( "sd 2.0" ) . which means your device is compatible with a microSDHC card up to 32 gb .
to turn off notifications for google+ , open the google+ app , press menu-> settings-> notifications , then press the on/off toggle in the top right . to turn off notifications for gmail/google apps mail , open the gmail app , press menu-> settings , select the account you wish to disable notifications for , uncheck the checkbox that says : email notifications to turn off notifications for google talk , open the google talk app , press menu-> settings , select the account you wish to disable notifications for , press im notifications and select off , and the same for video chat notifications to turn off notifications for google voice , open the google voice app , press menu-> settings-> sync and notifications , and uncheck the boxes for text and voicemail notifications . note : this is based on android 4.0+ , some of these apps ( especially google talk ) may function differently on pre-ics .
are you talking about this ? source .
ah , supersu you clever girl ! apparently greenify was updated and it was constantly asking for root access . the prompt woke up the tablet each time . boy do i feel silly now !
gaosp is your only option . it is in beta 3 , so it is a pretty sure bet .
here is my understanding as a developer : android 1.5-2.1: right-to-left support is built-in , but most roms do not contain the letters . this means that hebrew in most applications will show up as boxes ( but in the correct order ) . this does allow individual applications to include their own fonts and thereby display hebrew correctly . android 2.2: the default system fonts now include hebrew characters . right-to-left layout still works . ( although the rules for justification did change , annoyingly . ) based on some bug reports , google did not yet consider support for right-to-left languages to be final in this version . ( note the comments by google engineers , such as romain guy here : https://review.source.android.com/#change,15955 ) . android 2.3: the sdk has been released , but no updates for actual devices . the sdk does include a hebrew locale for the first time (http://developer.android.com/sdk/android-2.3.html#locs). also note that locale support ultimately depends on the vendor of the actual device ( either the carrier or handset manufacturer ) . they may choose to remove locales they deem unimportant to save space , or they may choose to add some that they deem important for their targeted market .
some of the below is speculation , or given to me by sources i can not cite so take it as is . some ( many ) of the oems ( manufacturers ) like lg and samsung embed their propitiatory widgets within their own launcher . this ( allegedly ) is down to them not wanting you to emulate their own look and feel in someone else 's launcher . samsung , beside android , have their tizen operating system . it is almost identical to their touchwiz overlay on android . so if a user has a samsung , they can use this device without porting over any knowledge , to all intents and purposes they do not know what os it is running as the interface is consistent . keeping touchwiz and those things their own , and unique is a way of retaining their customer base and keeping the ui the same across a range of devices makes it an easier decision to ' get the lg ' or whatever to keep what you are used to . the galaxy gear 2 smart watch actually runs tizen , not android as a real world example . it is a business decision , not one i am a fan of as i believe in customisation and options . any ui ( ala touchwiz ) that deprives me of choice is one i quickly abandon . it is worth pointing out that there are thousands of widgets on the play store , many of which bear an uncanny similarity to those of the oems . last point i will add , htc are currently rolling blinkfeed ( their launcher/news stream ) onto the play store . this may be the beginning of oems splitting onto the play store as google did a while back ( calendar , keyboard , etc ) . this may be a way to get some of the widgets you love , without owning the device . however , the locked widgets remain an issue .
a rom with camera support is now available . i found it on the xda developers forum .
unfortunately i do not believe this is possible . no app can interact with the phone once the phone has been locked / put into standby mode . . . therefore without installing a custom rom ( which has modified the code allowing other buttons to unlock / wake up the phone ) this is not possible .
if it happened only once , it might have been a battery calibration error . this seems to be a defective battery . i would send the device back , if i were you . the drop seems to be too steep to be from a continuous drain ( like wifi ) .
you can use " emulator " from console . that way it will stay on regardless of eclipse state . starting emulator also , try using adb devices to find out is your emulator really running
looking at this , gsm:900/1800/1900 mhz , 3g td-scdma 2010-20250 mhz and scrolling on down a bit on that page under the ' data application features ' . . . data service gprs ; edge ; td-scdma that would explain it , no umts/hspa/hspa+ mentioned in the spec of that hardware , as that would be required to have t-mobile operating to enable 3g data . it may be basically a cheap and cheerful but crippled phone , but only for a certain market segment , if there is no supporting data protocol support such as umts/hspa/hspa+ , it will fall back on 2g .
i solved this myself after trying a few things . i deleted the news and weather app 's data by going to settings> applications> manage applications> all , tapping " news and weather " , and then " clear data " . i needed to delete and re-add the widget and set my refresh settings again , but now it works .
apple ios no official native solution by google ( except for the safari web-app with a subpar user experience ) beware : all 3rd party providers seem to need your friend 's plain google password to be able to offer push support ( not just their app ) ! all have some sort of session timeout for push notifications ( when the app is in background ) : needs a relogin after that timeout ( eww ! ) . 3rd party apps i found : im+ pro , free , ad supported , push with unknown session timeout im+ , 9.99$ , no ads and longer push session timeouts as above . good reviews . beejiveim for gtalk : free , push session timeout up to 7 days , no voice/video chat for google talk pro : 0.99$ , push with unknown session timeout , noticed bad reviews in germany , good in us though windows phone todo blackberry has good support , download here symbian todo bada todo send me your findings , i will happily include them here .
it turns out that the solution to this is rather easy , but scarcely documented . to switch between forward-is-up and north-is-up , simply tap the red/white compass needle in the upper left hand corner of the screen .
it is in /data/sdext2 now i just need to understand how to mount it manually .
you can use es file explorer . to get connected : press the settings button on the phone , or the app . expand the network list , and click cloud . click new , and choose gdrive . enter your google credentials , accept the terms , and you are all set up . to copy a file to the phone : locate the file on gdrive through es file explorer . long press the file . press More , then Copy to . select the location to copy the file to , and press OK . or . . . locate the file on gdrive through es file explorer . long press the file . press Copy . navigate to the location you want the file . press Paste .
i still have not tried voice choice , but i just downloaded this free app : voice plus this looks perfect . from the description : allows you to set rules for which number dialed will use your google voice number . specify rules based on area code or by contacts ( using contact groups ) . no more annoyance of having to press another button when dialing to choose where to call from !
the setting profiles app can do that . from their site : what if i don’t want to miss an important call while i’m on mute ? you can overwrite current sound settings with a rule based on incoming call condition . here is how to : create a new rule add incoming call condition and set it to your preferred contacts group ( like vip or family ) add activate profile action to activate the profile where sound is on and/or some custom ring tone specified that’s it ! now even if your phone is set to mute , it will still ring in case of a call from someone from contact group you have set up in step two . they currently have two versions of the app - a lite and full . i would try the lite version to see if it has this feature first . qr code for setting profiles lite : qr code for setting profiles full :
apndroid does not work on cdma phones . this appears to be the case with most such apps . internet scheduler and greenpower claim to work on them if you have gingerbread , though . there are some other solutions you can try in this google groups thread .
to answer your question on what the ' black bar ' is at the bottom of the screen - it appears to be called the System Bar . i thought it was the Notification Bar but apparently that is part of the System Bar . here are several links that i found in my search : android 3.0 highlights from android developer site talkandroid . com esato . com phonearena . com stackoverflow question where someone called it a ' system bar '
i found out there are two types of xbox360 controller . the regular wireless controller ( with optional usb-charger cable ) the actual wired usb controller allthough the wireless controller with usb charger cable looks like a regular usb controller , it does not behave this way . also when connected via usb it will still operate wirelessly . so the problem lies in the controller . to use a xbox360 controller via usb , we would need the actual wired usb controller and not the wireless controller with charger cable .
no , they are completely unrelated things . as you say , an unlocked device means it is not locked to a particular carrier : you can insert a different sim card to change to a different carrier , and it will work . a locked device will not connect to another carrier if you change the sim card . the bootloader is the first thing that runs when you turn the phone on : it is responsible for loading the core android code , so that android can load itself and run . a locked bootloader uses digital signatures to verify the android code it is loading , which means it will only boot a rom ( firmware image ) that is signed by the device manufacturer . in contrast , an unlocked bootloader will load any rom . unlocking a locked bootloader will wipe the device .
as you do not give any example , we need to guess . i doubt it is for " stopping themselves " for the call dialog like amit suggests ( as a background " live wallpaper " , they do not need to do that specially for call dialogs : either they generally need it for any dialog , or not at all ) . i rather suspect some ad module behind this ( see my answer here for details ) . for ad modules , the combination of INTERNET and READ_PHONE_STATE are quite usual : the former to retrieve the advertisement material , and the latter to access your imei for identification ( good cop : to know which ads you have already seen so they are not repeated too often ; bad cop : to get imei , imsi , your phone number , phone numbers you have been in contact with -- so a profile can be built ) . note that the developer of the app ( or live wallpaper in your case ) has no control at all what those ad modules do . all he can do is to take care to chose a " good one " , and avoid the " more malicious " ad modules .
i installed stock 2.3.3 rom and now everything is fine . . . i will back it up , and then try experimenting with some newer roms : ) thanks for all the responses !
you have to take into consideration that the 4.1 system you had be installing isnt a stock build , it is a rom created by a developer . cyanogenmod is generally pretty stable , but you would want to do your homework at the xda developers site to determine if there are any bugs or known issues , or how the performance of 4.1 is on your device by reading users ' reviews . this would also require you to root your phone , which may invalidate your warranty , which is another consideration .
see my related answer about battery conservation . in your case , you want your phone to become a " dumb " phone . use apndroid to cut off your data . there is even a widget to make it a one button press . other than that , keep your screen dim and you should be good to go .
by default , email attachments and browser downloads are stored at : /sdcard/download  can also be identified by some file managers as : /HWUserData/download  if the device does not have a user-replaceable sd card the location should be : /mnt/sdcard/Download  some apps may have their own default location , or save to appropriated locations based on the file extension .
no . such list could never be exhaustive as all the developers who got booted would need to collaborate to it . most warez markets do not exclusively deal with banned apps either , they usually host free and paid apps available in play store as well . for the record the term " apps that google does not like " is quite misleading . it is usually carriers or another external force that ask for removal of apps .
absolutely . the gmail app will not allow downloading of attachments ( images and the like are only " previewed" ) but you could use a third-party email app or the gmail the website to get around that . be aware that unless you have something like download crutch installed , android may not let you download apks through the default browser . you can just use firefox or another browser instead .
the dialer may have hard-coded the api key for the lookup service . the error occurs when too many requests are sent using a single api key in a short interval .
google 's android device manager service can do all of that apart from the remote control , though unless your phone has a new enough os to have it installed by default ( instead of pulled down as part of the google services updates ) it is difficult to remove rather than impossible . find your lost phone with android device manager remotely lock android devices
i do not know about cm themes in particular , but android app package names are based on java packages , which means they have to start with a web domain you own , in big-endian order . that is , if and only if you own the domain mikroskeem.eu , you can use any package name starting eu.mikroskeem. there is no way to enforce this convention , but following it makes sure that package names are unique .
i would try clearing the data for it . do so via Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications and finding voice search ( or the relevant app if you are using another ) under the all tab .
likely the wpa_supplicant file is corrupted . if you are rooted , you might be able to use an app like titanium backup to wipe the data for it . if you are not rooted , i am not sure what all you can wipe . you can try and wipe the settings database ( settings -> apps -> all -> settings -> wipe data , which might include the file , but i do not know for sure ( this will obviously erase all your android settings ) . . but you should be able to fix it by performing a factory reset/data wipe ( settings -> backup and reset -> factory data reset ) . google should remember your apps and automatically install them once you type your password back in , and all your sdcard content should stay untouched .
the reason can be find in appbrain faq : 4 . i cannot find some apps , what is going on ? it always says " the requested item could not be found " . appbrain lists applications that are available in the us that are available for android version 1.6 and up for devices with a normal screen size . developers can restrict availability of apps by country , android version and screen size . this means that if you are not in the usa , have a device with a small screen size ( for instance the htc wildfire or tattoo ) , or when you are not on the latest version of android , you may often get the " not found " message from the android market . so , to give you an example , i am a developer and published an app on android market , that is restricted to france and germany , so users from those country will find it on android market , but not on appbrain , who lists only us applications .
this version of google talk can be downloaded from http://goo-inside.me/gapps/ . the current version is gapps-gb-20110828-newtalk-signed . zip . details can be found in rootzwiki at http://wiki.rootzwiki.com/index.php/google_apps#google_talk_with_video.2fvoice_chat
you can use filtering to include only the selected app 's messages by the tag ( s ) used . use the syntax adb logcat YourTag:I *:S to show logcat output only from YourTag and hide all others . you can have multiple tags also , just separate them with space and have the *:S entry as last . if you need to get all messages from multiple tags in the same app , you have to fish out the pid . if you use linux/osx , you can use the command : adb logcat | grep `adb shell ps | grep com.android.example | cut -c10-15`  or you can check out proclogcat and use : adb logcat | proclogcat 
you can use automateit to enable/disable airplane mode on a schedule . this may be easier than finding a custom alarm clock .
you might consider disabling those apps ( starting with ics , that is possible for some but not all ) . this way you had solve multiple of your issues : no more update reminders app becomes unavailable , so it is no longer shown in the app drawer being disabled , they should also no longer provide an " attack vector " if that is not possible for some apps via settings → applications ( check the " all " tab there to see pre-installed apps ) , and rooting is an option , you can still freeze them with apps like titanium backup to achieve the same .
you probably do not have the version that includes a gsm modem . i guess you want to set up an ad-hoc local wifi network ? the non-gsm variants do not offer tethering options because there is obviously no point in tethering when the device lacks the functionality for a gsm mobile data connection . alas , some rarer use cases like set up a local wifi accesspoint without internet access or usb-tethering the wifi connection are also not possible then . only rooted devices or 3rd party firmwares like cyanogenmod offers this .
the filtered contacts list solves this problem , but unfortunately if you are like me you are constantly needing to look at the larger list of contacts and you will not remember to turn the filter back on afterwards . so when you get back into the car , it will start sending the whole list again . i just found a workaround . there are a ton of alternative contact apps in the marketplace that will sync to your gmail contacts . i installed go contacts ex https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.jbapps.contactprofeature=search_result#?t=w251bgwsmswyldesimnvbs5qymfwchmuy29udgfjdhbybyjd it appears that the bluetooth address book is only controlled by the stock contacts app , which i have left filtered . i banished the stock app from my home screen/launcher . all good now .
you can use ifttt ( if this than that ) and setup a recipe that auto posts from instagram to a specific picasa album online . this does not require you to leave anything open . then you can set your instagram album in google+ to be public . you will need to follow the directions found here . the only thing i have not figured out yet is how to share something to my timeline whenever a new post arrives into that album .
turns out that uninstalling and reinstalling the drivers solves the issue . the strange part is that before i uninstalled the drivers , the name on the driver said it was for a samsung galaxy device , which the nexus 4 clearly is not .
yes , the nexus 7 allows the installation of 3rd party apps . settings/security/unknown sources
yes and no . the fact that your galaxy s3 does not support mass storage mode means that you cannot play audio files stored on the s3 with the radio , like you could with a usb stick . ( if your car 's radio supports mass storage , that is . ) however , the other type of usb connection , allowing your iphone to be controlled by your car 's radio is an apple accessory connection . this is a protocol for communication between apple devices such as the ipod and iphone and accessories like your car 's radio . android currently does not support the apple accessory connection , but has it is own protocol for communication with usb accessories . it might be technically possible to create a solution for android to allow it to speak with apple accessories , but currently ( as far as i am aware ) no such solution exists .
i have been googling this problem for a few days now . it appears to be based in some startup bug wherein the launcher app scans for existing applications before the sd card ( internal or external ) is mounted . first off , use filemanager or equivalent to look at your sd card 's contents . if you see some grey icons with the app names or " com . [ appname ] " , then you are suffering from this bug . there are a variety of work-arounds posted in various forums -- too many for me to provide links here . rumor has it that ics 4.04 and jellybean may have fixed the bug . in the meantime , you might want to try link2sd and/or cautious use of tools like app2sd which promise to tell the user which apps should not be moved .
i have ended up installing mobile odin and just performing a recovery with the clockwork mod if the kernel kills the phone ( which is all i have managed to do so far ) thanks for your help
okay so it has dawned on me that the reason why the shutter action on tasker does not seem to work . it seems to be the stock rom i was using before . now that i am using an aosp rom , it works quite flawlessly . so yeah , it might have been the rom .
if you use the android web browser to access any sites that you have logged into and that do not use an ssl encrypted page while you are browsing them , then you should be very paranoid . have a read up about the firesheep add-on to firefox , it uses the fact that on an open , unencrypted wifi connection anyone can listen to anyone else who is connected 's network traffic . it listens out for cookies that other people 's laptops and phones send out while they are browsing , grabs those cookies and lets you use them to log into a vast list of websites as that person . it does not need to capture login names or passwords , so it does not matter if you are careful about not entering your password into anything over an open connection . all it needs is your cookie and then it can log someone else into your facebook , or gmail , or twitter , amazon ( they can even place one-click orders on your behalf ) etc . boingboing has slightly more on what this demonstrates about web security . the scary thing is that firesheep does not do anything magic . it just makes a process that anyone could do ( listening to open wifi traffic , and spotting the interesting bits ) and makes it one-click easy .
i have used backitup pro successfully -- it is one of very few apps i have found that can backup/restore mms across roms . mybackup pro is another popular app . i have no experience with it personally though . titanium backup is very nice for a lot of things , but for call logs and sms , i am not sure it is portable across roms . it looks like it is simply backing up the sqlite dbs directly . there is a " data migration " option that is been added recently , but it looks like it is a pro-only feature . perhaps someone who is tried it can chime in with their experience . there is also call log backup and restore and sms backup and restore , which are free apps . they back up to xml files , so should be highly portable across roms . edit : i had a chance to test the " restore " features last night with my wife 's droid . i switched her from ruby 1.1.1 to cyanogenmod 6.1.0 , and took the opportunity to wipe her phone and start it fresh . the call log backup and restore and sms backup and restore apps worked perfectly . finally , there is sms backup+ , which copies sms/mms and calls logs to your gmail account .
you cannot issue adb remount unless your handset is rooted , which is why it failed in your case a la " remount failed : operation not permitted " . there is an answer to how to root the galaxy s2 .
after new problems on other devices , i decided to reset my livebox . there is no problem anymore ! my phone can connect to the wifi : )
google reader allows choice of external program ( via intent ) to play audio .
please attempt the following : delete the entire .thumbnails folder delete the /sdcard/Android/data/com.android.gallery3d folder go to Settings-&gt;Apps-&gt;All and select the Gallery app . select clear data . go to Settings-&gt;Apps-&gt;All and select the Media Storage app . select clear data . reboot your device . this will completely erase all data from the gallery app , and if you open it before you reboot you should notice that you have no thumbnails . they will be generated on boot .
from what i have read this is a known " issue " with the s4 . when using pin security you can not change any lock screen widgets either . if i was sure that my fitbit flex would continue to work with the s4 i would have flashed cyanogenmod onto my s4 ( they have been producing nightly versions for the s4 for a couple of weeks now ) .
the apps you see when long-pressing the " home " button ( or with newer devices , the " multitask " button with the two rectangles ) are not the " currently active " , but the " recently used " apps . with android 4.0 and higher , you can simply swipe them out of that list -- which will not only remove them from the list , but also " kindly ask them " to close themselves . for details on what happens with apps swiped out of this list , please see what actually happens when you swipe an app out of the recent apps list ?
take a look at touchqode . it comes with a virtual keyboard specifically for programming .
yes , using airplane mode will reduce power drain , as the commentors have already answered . but this approach can not be considered call standby , because you will not receive calls . from the point of view of cellular operator , your phone behaves exactly as if shut down . switching to airplane mode shuts down the cellular connection , including voice and data , but it also turns off wi-fi and bluetooth . note that you can turn any of them on in airplane mode , but this will put extra load on the battery . except from radio , the major power consumer is the screen . actually , typically it uses much more power than all the radios together . if you want to keep running longer , set brightness to minimum , set " screen off " timeout to minimum , and avoid turning the screen too often . if you have an amoled device , e.g. galaxy nexus , the display power request depends on the actual brightness of the screen . if you choose a darker theme , or switch your book reader to " night mode " , you can reduce the battery drain . of all colors except black , red uses the least power . see description of a special app that boasts battery life improvement by applying color filter and adjusting the brightness : http://www.azzamtranslator.com/lux-auto-brightness-manual-or-auto-screen-brightness-adjustments-according-to-time-or-environment/ . note that airplane mode does not disable gps . gps is not running on its own , so disabling it in location settings will not effect the battery life , but if some app , like maps or camera decides to check your location too often , this may become very significant . without cellular or wi-fi , gps can actually need even more power , because it will not have the crude location estimate to begin from . other than that , any app that runs in background can wake the cpu up and consume more power . use a task manager to shut down applications that you do not need in your " standby " mode . this is especially important if you decide not to switch to airplane mode , because the apps in background can not usually do much if they do not have access to internet . if you choose not to switch to airplane mode , there are other things you should be aware of . turn off system synch and turn off cellular data . set "2g only " if this is available on your phone and on your network . shut down any unused background apps . do not wake the screen up too often . finally , android includes a nice utility ( in settings/battery ) that displays power consumption by different components of the system , in percent : many system tools available on the play store feature similar or improved versions of this monitor .
the lockerpro app was reseting my screen lock time to 15 seconds . ( the android system should offer a way to check who is changing the system settings )
i believe you want : cat /proc/mtd . also useful : mount .
dolphin browser hd has the ability to save the current site that you are viewing : More -&gt; Save Site 
i would like to try cyanogenmod but my phone is not in the list of supported phones , is there anything i can do ? if you had search more carefully , you had find this topic ( link ) . there is cyanogenmod for your phone . but this firmware in early alpha stage of porting . another great link . if i do not like some rom i installed i can uninstall it and go back to the default rom or any other , right ? yes , you are right . also i would note that there is not dedicated uninstall procedure , but you always can reflash your phone to another rom version , including original stock rom . if i get to root my phone without troubles , can installing the rom break it or my only risk is with the rooting ? the most risky part is , of course , flashing . because if something goes wrong , you may get bricked phone . but usually everything is ok . also android supports recovery boot mode which can help in case of unsuccesful flashing .
the play . google . com link you post is the correct form for linking to an app , and it is the documented solution recommended by google .
normally , android should not need a separate app for that , you are quite correct with that . and normally , it does not . but sometimes a little trouble may arise with specific combinations , like e.g. keyboards having a weird layout . as you write you have got the keyboard basically working , just the layout is screwed : i recommend you taking a look at external keyboard helper , which lets you adjust a lot of things to your needs , amongst others the keyboard layout . though i never used it myself , i already recommended it with a similar question -- and no , i am in no way affiliated with this app : )
speaking of gparted , i assume you have a linux computer available . so steps to be performed are quite simple -- speaking of an external sdcard : unmount the card from your android device , and take it out put it into a card reader , attach it to your linux computer . mount it there . copy all contents into an empty directory on your linux machine . from the command line , you can use the cp command for that to ensure everything is copied : cp -a &lt;/path/to/source&gt; &lt;/path/to/target&gt; ( replace &lt;/path/to/source&gt; with where you have mounted the card , and &lt;/path/to/target&gt; with your empty directory 's path ; for details on the cp command , run man cp or see its man-page on the net ) optional : check that everything was copied fine . if there were no errors displayed in the previous step , it should have worked fine . if your card has multiple partitions containing data , repeat the previous two steps for each of them . use gparted ( or whatever tool of your preference ) to drop and re-create partitions as needed , and re-create the file systems repeat steps 3-5 , reverting source and target ( to get your data back on the sdcard ) unmount your sdcard , safely remove it from the computer , put it back into your android device , and enjoy ! if everything went fine , and all data is available on your device as hoped , optionally remove the " backup directories " created in step 3 . job done : )
yes , an ebook from android market ( in google books ) has a different format from the kindle . it would seem that you can obtain google books in either epub or pdf ( more information here ) . amazon books are in the azw format . this comes down to personal preference . i have read books on both google books and kindle on my xoom ; i see little to no difference in quality . both can sync to my phone to keep my place . since you have a kindle fire , perhaps sticking in the amazon ecosystem would be a good idea , since you may wish to un-root in the future . there are a lot of pdf readers ; just recently the kindle software was updated to read pdfs . i personally use ezpdf pro for pdf files because of speed and its ability to remember my location in pdf files from read to read . this again , would be personal preference ; however i have loaded mobi into the kindle app without problems . the book acted like any other i had in regards to reading ( except it did not sync across devices and had to be manually uploaded to each of them ) . i would suggest looking at this question as well for more information on ereaders . so , the kindle app does what you want it to do overall ( books , pdfs , and mobi ) and also is a major part of the kindle fire amazon ecosystem they have setup for the device ; and may be the way to go if you decide to revert your fire to its un-rooted state . edit ( addition ) : amazon also seems to like releasing updates that un-root your device ( and prevent further known rooting methods - for now ) . source states that unless you have changed roms , you are susceptible at any time on wifi to get the update .
do a system wipe and reinstall . this significantly sped up my sensation .
/data/user was added in jelly bean as part of multi-user support . each user on the device gets a directory in there named after their user id , and that directory contains each app 's data directory for that user . /data/user/0 is a symlink to /data/data .
i believe if i understand your question , the linking between your google account happens automatically ( as it should ) when you log into your google account on your handset , and your contacts all synchronize . however it sounds like some of the merging of duplicates , and what number is the " default " number get lost ? for this i would definitely recommend the gmail application online . all you need is to login from a computer and select " contacts " . then just go under " more actions " and do " find and merge duplicates " that should give you just one contact per person . this is your best option if you have lots of contacts , some are duplicates , or other information not entered or organized correctly . it can be quite time consuming and tedious to do editing from the handset . if this is not what you are asking , you may have to rephrase the question slightly . when you say " sync the default number " that is rather ambiguous sentence . for example , i log into gmail , click contacts , and then select one of my friends . there it shows me the numbers stored on my phone ( in the google cloud ) . if i were to change the numbers shown , that change would be reflected when i grabbed the handset next . are you looking to make one number the default number for that person ? and have it do so automatically ? edit : after doing a little more research , it looks like this question was addressed here at the google forums . the last comment in the list ( by ratgurrl ) mentions exactly this frustration . and despite what you do on the phone , when you resynchronize you lose the preference settings you put in the handset , and the ' default ' will revert to whichever contact number is at the top of the list on that contact in gmail . so the real answer until google addresses this : log into gmail , and move the one you want as the " default " contact to the top of the list .
i am on 2.3.5 in the basic " messages " app you can go to the message , clicknhold , view message details . there it shows all recipients . if i just reply it only goes back to the sender . now , others that i know have iphones replied and it went to everyone . . . there is a " reply all " option after you click and hold .
there is no real firewall in android , but this does not mean you are totally unprotected from the outside . ( there are some measurements from the underlying linux kernel . ) every app chooses it is own ports and decides weather the connections are encrypted . android apps usually do not open any ports , hence the there is not that much of a need for a firewall incoming data is often handled and transmitted through google cloud messaging . ( here i do not know how it works and the data is transferred )
it is not quite as seamless , but the ssh binary provided by busybox ( mine , at least ) supports the -i flag , so you can put the key wherever you want and use that : ssh -i /path/to/key_file joeuser@somehost.com  the relevant man page entry for -i ( with the caveat that the information about the default path may not be the same on android ) :
here 's what i did . assuming you have set up the sync process : go to firefox on your pc , click Bookmarks in the top right corner choose Unsorted Bookmarks . this opened a new window for me where i could see a section called Mobile bookmarks that i had not seen anywhere else . click and drag this Mobile Bookmarks folder to either Bookmarks Toolbar or Bookmarks Menu , whichever you want it to appear under ( note : the Bookmarks Menu is what we clicked on to start this process , i advise you try both and see which you like best ) . profit . hope this helps !
on my nexus 7 , my downloaded books go in /Android/data/com.safaribooksonline/files/zips . they are stored in xhtml directories which includes various metadata , images and the chapters themselves as xhtml documents . while these look vaguely html like , they certainly can not be rendered in chrome or other web browsers directly , you just end up seeing all of the mark-up as text . i do not know how standard the xhtml format is for e-books , or whether other readers could understand the format safari uses , but hopefully this helps point you in the right direction .
i installed a skype 2.6.0.95 apk ( which is an earlier version ) and it works now .
you can install busybox from the market too : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=stericson.busyboxhl=en and to your other question i just wanna know what does busy box do ? taken from market description : busybox is a software application that provides many standard unix tools , much like the larger ( but more capable ) gnu core utilities . busybox is designed to be a small executable for use with the linux kernel , which makes it ideal for use with embedded devices . it has been self-dubbed " the swiss army knife of embedded linux " . the official busybox website about page has some more info about what it is too .
the problem fixed itself when i removed all google accounts and added a new device ( a new nexus 7 ! ) to my account .
you must first add your google account to the tablet . the google play app will not let you switch an account until there are two or more accounts on the device . so first add your google account . you will probably want to disable all of the synchronizing options . once that is done , open the google play app , and you will see the option to switch accounts . on top of that , you will be able to " push install " apps to the tablet from your desktop computer ( provided you are logged into the same google account ) . the downside , of course , is that there is now a device that can synchronize your contacts , gmail , photos , etc that you do not control . your grandma could decide to purchase in-app items or purchase new apps ( though you can require a password for that , at least ) . alternatively , if you only want to install a few of the paid apps you own , you can temporarily add your account , install the apps , then remove the account . the apps remain installed , even without the linked account .
this question and answer is basically a duplicate of stackexchange-url see the above link for an example program and more in depth discussion . as far as i know , there are two ways to get the usb permission box popup : request permission explicitly from your application using usbmanager . requestpermission ( . . . ) register an intent-filter on your accessory and let the system ask for permission when the device is attached in the case of 1 i have found that the checkbox on the popup to remember the permission has no effect . for me , i removed all code related to permissions from my software and simply put the intent-filter in my manifest . when the usb device is plugged in , if it has not already been granted permission then the usb permission box will popup . if the user clicks ok without checking the remember box , then the box will popup again the next time the device is connected . however if the user checks the box and presses ok then the box should never display again ( unless the software is uninstalled and then reinstalled ) . i am not sure if there is a bug somewhere related to your device showing up as /dev/bus/usb/001 and then 002 etc - let me know if you are using the intent-filter , as without that the remember checkbox will do nothing . i do not know of any way that you can avoid the permission popup altogether . i suspect there is no way to do it without digging into the android code like you said .
in general , i believe reducing use of vibration helps save battery life on a phone . so for the incredible , i even disabled the feature of vibrating when entering keystrokes . here are some good tips from wikihow .
i had a very similar issue on my htc incredible . try unmounting the sd card ( menu-> settings-> sd and phone storage-> " unmount sd card " on my incredible ) and then installing the app . after it finished installing , you can then remount your sd card .
in answer to my own question ( and in thanks for the answer already provided ) , but the problem was that in my office , my phone uses wifi router which is connected to the internet via a firewall . and on this firewall one of the necessary imap ports was blocked . my collegue changed this setting , and now gmail is behaving as expected . i am really not in the habit of choosing my own answers as the selected answer , but for this question , this was the solution . hope it helps others !
encryption is a fairly cpu intensive process , so using more battery is not unexpected . though it depends a lot upon the apps you use and how much they read/write to the storage . i would expect that an ' idle ' xoom with encryption would last just as long as one without , but if you use an app that does lots of little writes to disk , it will end up using more cpu . the encryption happens at the block layer . this means that small writes to the disk require a read , a decrypt , an update , and then writing the block back . i do not see any useful stats about the actual cpu overhead . ( android is using the ' dm-crypt ' module of the linux kernel to do the disk encryption . )
as it says : " root on xyz " means xyz is a pre-condition for this rooting instructions ( so yes , it must already be on the device ) " install xyz " means , well , to install xyz ( whether it already was on the device or not ) .
this thread goes way back but i still were unable to find one in the market that seems to fit the description , so i made one myself . get it here : the widget updates hourly , and currently there is no way to configure that .
as meer borg correctly states in his answer : when an app is installed , the package manager reads its Manifest , and notes the permissions requested into files the android system controls ( /data/system/packages.xml , /system/etc/permissions/*.xml ( one file per app ) ) . additionally , for each permission there is a specific user group , which will be assigned to the app 1 . so each time the app tries to access a feature requiring a permission , this is checked against : if the permission was declared in the Manifest , access is granted – otherwise it is refused . note that this is a simplified description , though while this is the general rule , for some things there are possibilities to work-around the permissions . if an app e.g. wants to send something to the internet , it could also do so calling an " intent " , asking the browser to open a certain page ( like e.g. http://bad.server/collector.php?info1=some_info&amp;info2=more_info ) . however , this would not go un-noticed by the user , as the browser would open in foreground and show this action . so if an app would make use of this feature , the outcry would be heard ( usually ) . if a dev really wants to do " bad things " , he could also use another way : have one app with all the required permissions , and a second with almost none . if the user has both apps installed , the second one could call the first ( big-permission ) app to process " things " it cannot do itself ( due to lacking permissions ) – in the same manner as described above for accessing the internet . note that this priciple is used e.g. for addons , and " inter-app-communication " in a positive sense , too tl ; dr : an app is restricted to the permissions it requests , and cannot directly access other " things " . " indirect " access would not go unnoticed . p.s. : this is just an abstract , and simplified presentation . i am not in android development , so some dev might have better understanding and correct me , or add to the above . 1 example ( note the " groups " list ) : the id command ( without parameters ) shows information about the " current user " . in this case , i was using adb shell , so the user is the " shell app " ( rather the integrated unix shell ) . the list of groups shows which permissions are granted to the shell , so it can e.g. read and write the sdcard , access bluetooth , and the internet ( plus some more things ) .
i am not sure about the optical mouse specifically , but cyanogenmod does give you the option to alter the behavior of the various capacitive/hard buttons on the phone to some extent . in Settings-&gt;CyanogenMod Settings-&gt;Input you can set the long-press behavior of the home and menu buttons , and completely change the behavior of the search button . what i have typically done is set the search key ( or long-pressing the search key ) to open up the voice search app . you could substitute the voice dialer or anything else you wanted if you set it up this way , with the trade-off being that you lose the default search functionality ( in my case it is okay because i never use the search button ) .
yes , even plain android will do this . i have heard of some unlicensed phones that did not properly finish setup unless you had a sim card but it should not be an issue with cm .
if you use odin then i am asuming you have a samsung device . depending on what stock rom you use , i mean if you will flash using 1 file or 3 file rom , if you have a 3 file rom then you have to put in the pit file to , and then you can enable the re-partition . if you use 1 file rom in odin , i think it will re-partition by default so you do not have to check the repartition check box in odin .
you can access them through the group " starred in android " in gmail
i cannot check you image ( corporate proxy forbids ) , but i take it you mean those " toggle buttons " to switch on/off things like wifi , bluetooth , etc . in this case , you can do so e.g. with elixier ( first picture 1 ) or notification toggle ( second picture 2 ) some custom roms also come with something similar pre-installed , as e.g. cyanogenmod does .
no , but this can easily be done using gestures in dolphin browser hd .
automatic shut off can mean any of these ; too many running applications running in the background . ( start your your phone in clockworld and select to clear cache ) refrain from charging your phone while playing games and running so many applications as this may speed up the aging of your battery . maybe its time you replace your battery if the above doesnt seem to work .
once you have activated an input field , you should see a keyboard icon in your notification area . drag the notification bar down and tap on the notification saying Select input method and you should get the menu . if this does not work , it is due to samsung 's modifications . at least the vanilla ics has this option .
i ended up compromising on this by setting google voice to " ask on every call " , which gave me a chance to cancel the call . the downside is having to touch " make call without google voice " to put the call through .
the answer to your question most likely relates to this question " how do i change the google play country ? " . it details what you should do but read through the whole thing because the first answer requires you to make a purchase , but the second says how to do it without making a purchase .
home screen shortcut we believe it is an android bug . in fact , as i could confirm on a custom build , adding FLAG_ACTIVITY_SINGLE_TOP fixed the problem for home screen shortcuts , despite its documentation indicating pretty the opposite , as below . we find those docs very poorly written , at least . according to the developer , this fix is going to work as long as main app activity stays on top ( that is , editing a sync job then pressing home button for tapping icon again is not going to work ) . if set , the activity will not be launched if it is already running at the top of the history stack . tasker and autoshortcut for some reason , the above fix does not work in autoshortcut . i do not know how different the intent sent by this plugin is from that of the home screen shortcuts . either way , i have reported the problem to the developer . regardless , i also just have set up a direct intent configuration in tasker , instead of using autoshortcut , as follows : action : com.bv.wifisync.run extra : itemId:&lt;id&gt; ( see below ) package : com.bv.wifisync class : com.bv.wifisync.Hosts target : Activity you have to replace &lt;id&gt; with the actual number of the job you want to run . in my case , 1 points to my computer , meaning it will run all of its jobs . knowing the actual number seems just like counting from top to bottom , but in case this fails , here 's how i have found it ( android sdk and grep required on desktop ) : enable debug mode on the phone . connect phone to computer 's usb . run adb logcat &gt; temp.log . start syncme . cancel the adb command . run grep "Validated job" temp.log , this should show you the ids .
yes , according to this blog post . it involves android programming , something i am not very familiar with .
it seems that all that i needed to do was reboot my pc . once i rebooted my pc had no problems installing the mtp driver for the device .
there is lots of apps that perform the function of restricting access to other apps . simply head to google play and search for " app locker " .
check out the " barebones " page in cyanogenmod 's wiki .
download es file explorer and uninstall gravity screen by going to app manager then select gravity screen and uninstall it .
according to the developer , those disabled checkboxes are not implemented . source . you can still proceed with the flash even if F. Reset Time is disabled / unchecked . there should be no problems with it .
yes you can , there should not be any problem for using your phone as pda only .
you can find all of the stock kernel versions at the wikipedia android version history page . it has the kernel version for each version of android ; it is at the end of the descriptions of each android version . table from wikipedia : note : other “distributions” of android might run different kernel versions . anyone is welcome to correct and expand this table . please keep formatting .
ok , here is how i solved the problem : i followed the first part of the directions here : http://oldwiki.cyanogenmod.org/wiki/motorola_droid_2_global:_full_update_guide to wipe the flash and install older version of the motorola software . ( specifically , section 2.1.1 ) then i upgraded to the version that i was running before the update started attempting to run .
beyondpod ( $7 but well worth it ) will do everything you mentioned in your question . i have tried doggcatcher and a slew of free apps and i have found beyondpod to be the best . you sort you podcasts from newest to oldest , or oldest to newest , or longest to shortest , or shortest to longest . you can also break them up into categories which i find helpful . also , it is very good at remembering you place . i regularly start one podcast then switch to another , then another and find that i can always return to the unfinished shows without losing my place . there are also numerous autoupdate and auto delete options . you can set certain categories of feeds update on a certain schedule . you can set the auto delete globally , on the category level or at the podcast level , telling it to delete podcasts of a certain age , or tell it to only keep so many podcasts , or delete after listening . its also easy to mass delete all " listened to " podcasts with just two clicks .
the specs at gsmarena mention tv-out ( via mhl a/v link ) , which suggests it should work . on the other hand , expertsreview states : the micro usb port also doubles up as a display output , though surprisingly it does not use the mhl standard that we have seen on numerous recent devices , such as the samsung galaxy s3 . instead it supports the new slimport standard , which is based upon displayport . which suggests the standards are incompatible ( other sources i consulted underline this ) . an even clearer hint you will find in a review by anandtech : when i wrote that review it was not immediately clear what advantages slimport offered over mhl , which has become relatively ubiquitous in the year or so since its introduction . since then i have acquired the slimport microusb to hdmi 1.4 sp1002 and vga ( d-sub ) sp2002 adapters from analogix for testing out slimport on the nexus 4 . . . . as of this writing , the analogix sp1002 adapter is available on amazon for around $30 usd . i have not seen the sp2002 available online anywhere yet , however . as this shows , there're slimport adapters available which are not that expensive ( though not that cheap either ) , and are probably better fitted for your purpose . as you either yet have to buy the cable , i would rather go for the right one .
the advantage that atrix currently has is that the hdmi out can display up to a 1280x1024 resolution , plus the dock provides full function usb keyboard and mouse . some of the other androids do have hdmi out , however they only mirror the lower resolution of the phone display ( if at all ) most of them only output pictures or videos . the atrix does the best job of providing access to a virtual desktop without compromise . disclaimer : citrix worked with motorola on the atrix solution
check out this guy 's post on xda : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=11370203postcount=2 this might be considered a risky solution , but if you are not using the 3g connection at all and you are careful to simply rename the . apk 's he references you might just disable the cell radio without needing to use airplane mode . in case the link does not work , he suggests using root explorer to rename phone . apk to phone . apk . bak and telephony . apk to telephony . apk . bak thus disabling these two packages . you have to reboot your phone to finalize the changes . if it does not work , you should remove the . bak from each file name and they should be available again . at op 's request , a summary of his findings : Phone.apk is the Dialer app , which is responsible for the cell radio . PhoneTelephony.apk turns out to be just the Dialer storage , which we can kill just to save more memory . androidos immediately restarts Dialer when it is closed , so renaming it will cause problems . but after a battery-yank-reboot , everything is ok . it also gets rid of the annoying Activate your phone dialog that comes up on every boot . btw , the dialpad still comes up after getting rid of Dialer :- )
i think you need to adjust the settings in the google maps application that control this . launch maps and press the overflow menu icon ( the three dots in the bottom right on vanilla android ; you may need to access your settings slightly differently on other devices with custom ui skins ) , then go to Settings =&gt; Location settings and scroll down . you should see a subsection labeled " check-ins": if you also want the cards for nearby places to be hidden then you can do that in google now 's settings . select Settings =&gt; Google Now =&gt; Places and turn those cards off .
it seems like others have had this problem as well : http://www.reddit.com/r/galaxynexus/comments/19y0a9/galaxy_nexus_screen_turn_on_durring_lock_screen/ http://productforums.google.com/forum/#!topic/mobile/pa5jzh-oj4o http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=39625 it is a bug in android 4.2 , specifically with the samsung galaxy nexus . i imagine you recently updated your phone , which is why it has only been occurring as of late . it looks like the cause is from app notifications being pushed to the device and waking it up . here are some common apps that have been known to cause this problem : wechat sleep mode apps mx player dropsync disabling auto-sync has also been known to solve this problem : settings> data usage> and disable auto sync and restrict background data some people have also had success just doing a factory reset . a lot of people have had a lot of success getting rid of this problem by reverting back to 4.1.2 . others have followed this approach and had a lot of success : i had this same problem and i tried disabling apps , uninstalling apps , and factory resetting all with no success . what fixed it for me was taking a very small flat-head screwdriver and gently bending the pins of the micro usb connector up ( towards the screen side ) . over time and through usage , those pins got bent downward , away from the screen side . i think this created some kind of electrical short . i tried this because when the phone was plugged in , the screen stayed asleep . my gnex is now working perfectly again . i hope this helps someone ! how to fix problem the problem is that the hooks inside your charging port are too close to the bottom . therefore with a small knife or needle , life the middle part up nearer to the screen and voila ! your problem should be fixed . its not the software . its the hardware . this seems to be a very weird problem with a lot of different causes . some people have had success with removing or modifying the software , other people think that it is the pin problem . if you get any of these solutions to work , let me know . hope this helps ! john
these guys recommend isyncr as a solution . cons : it is not free , and it will not sync copy-protected content .
go keyboard also has an up button . you will just need to launch the editor .
the solution i use for similar situation is trekbuddy . i am sure you will discard the idea of using this app if you did not understand it well . hence , read through its description in its play site and their forums . it requires little homework before any such serious use . but once you know your way ( pun intended ) through the application , it will be a breeze . with this app , you can plan your route on computer export it as gpx and together with few mp3 files you can create a turn-by-turn pre-planned navigation . be aware that if you miss your turn this will not reroute you back . you have to see the map that and continue either on the new route or try to join the pre planned route . to know about its other uses , take a look at my answer for the question " how to import gps coordinates track for using offline " you may also try osmand . you can create a pre planned route and export as gpx file . osmand can be configured to use this pre defined route . i could not get my head through the options and configurations to make this work . but from reading its help , i understand that this can do the above and even reroute in case if you miss your turn . personally , i like trekbuddy for its simplicity and its many features as i described in my answer to the other question . if you happen to succeed with osmand , please share your procedure with us . update : after reading through the forum pages of trekbuddy , i finally figured out how to use a pre planned turn by turn navigation feature and i tried today to ensure it is working . the steps involved are ( from scratch ) : install trekbuddy either from playstore or from their download link . run the app with gps switched on . press Menu and press Start and wait for gps fix . if gps fix is a success you will see the cross hair at your location in the world map . to display a map , you have to download raster map tiles from the service provider . these tiles are to be placed in a particular format and an application called mobac comes for rescue . this app creates such map tiles , indexes and even compress . various map sources like openstreetmap , opencyclemap , google maps* , google terrain* , google earth satellite* , yahoo maps etc can be used . explaining how to create a map will be bit out of scope here , and i will leave it to a rare tutorial available here in german . assuming you had successfully created a tarred atlas ( collection of map tiles as said above ) , you have to place the .TAR file and its subfolder inside \mnt\sdcard\Trekbuddy\maps folder . to load the map , press Menu button and touch Maps option and select the *.Tar file . depending on how you had layered the atlas , layers might appear in the next screen and if so , select a layer . trekbuddy might prompt you to mark this as default atlas . if acceptable click Yes and you will save all this step doing again . one map is loaded , you can ensure it by tapping any where in the screen , which will show the cross hair on your location in the map as identified by the gps . in your computer plan a route and mark turning points as waypoints . as an example , in this following image six waypoints are marked as wpt1 . . wpt6 . in computer , using a text editor , create a gpx file with following template . place the gpx file created as above in \mnt\sdcard\Trekbuddy\wpts folder . place sound files in amr format ( mp3 not tested ) in \mnt\sdcard\Trekbuddy\sounds folder . the file name of these files should be as mentioned in the gpx file . and finally , in trekbuddy app , press Menu , Navigation , Waypoints and choose the above gpx file . then choose the final waypoint , in this case wpt6 and press menu again and choose NavigateTo . when you start moving approach wpt1 , the sound assigned to wpt1 will be played . the setting Settings-&gt;Navigation-&gt;Wpt Proximity determines the proximity radius . the value is in meters and when the current gps position is within this imaginary circle , the sound will be played . i believe it has been discontinued since mobac version 1.9 onward due to legal pressure . old versions are not officially available but are still at large .
yes , you can check the SHA1 or MD5 checksum . you did not specify which rom you are downloading . let 's have a look at the nexus stock roms : https://developers.google.com/android/nexus/images#mantaray there is a download link and a version number and checksums listed like that : version : 4.2.2 ( jdq39 ) link : https://dl.google.com/dl/android/aosp/mantaray-jdq39-factory-d79f489e.tgz md5: b7a1162fb4e617143306ef6c4ca6c040 sha1: d79f489e1001d183b31d8a407b47cd5b8e9505cd to verify a checksum you can do it via command line : $ md5sum mantaray-jdq39-factory-d79f489e.tgz b7a1162fb4e617143306ef6c4ca6c040  or : $ openssl sha1 mantaray-jdq39-factory-d79f489e.tgz SHA1(mantaray-jdq39-factory-d79f489e.tgz)= d79f489e1001d183b31d8a407b47cd5b8e9505cd  if it matches with the one stated at the google page , you can assume the file is not corrupted or modified . note : linux , macos , windows the terminal commands only work out of the box in macos or linux . to verify checksums in windows there is a tool by microsoft called checksum integrity verifier .
the -12 failure code indicates INSTALL_FAILED_OLDER_SDK , meaning that the app was built for - and requires - a version of android that is newer than the version you have on your device ( source ) . for example , you should get this error if you had an android 1.6 device and tried to install an app which required android 2.1 ( or higher ) . you would need to either : update your device to a newer version of android somehow , or ask the app developer if it is possible to build the app for an older version of android .
that " thing " is called " homescreen " or " launcher " ( depending on what aspect of it is addressed ) . and you can long-press an empty space on it , then select to add an app , shortcut , or widget . selecting " app " should list up all available apps , so you can pick the one you want on your homescreen . that is it , you should now find an icon on your homescreen to launch the app . a second way to achieve the same is to open the app drawer , and long-press the icon of the app you want to add to your homescreen . usually , the drawer then " blends out " , and you should see your home screen ( s ) . still holding the icon pressed , move it to the place where you want it to be , then let it go . one more hint : the homescreen cannot be handled via " symbolic links " from within the file system . which shortcut exists on which screen and at what position etc . is stored in the app preferences of the homescreen .
read an article at this location http://www.anandtech.com/show/4502/tmobile-g2x-review-gingerbread-infused/9 seems to be a software problem . imho root and flash cyanogen or install the rom after reading in xda
top grossing : applications and games generating the most revenue , including app purchases and in-app payments from market help page
final answer ( to wrap up the question ) [ short version ] : battery was utterly dead , when popped open and measured at the tabs , voltage was under the safe minimum . new battery ordered from ebay plugged in , tablet worked ! just had to to escape from a boot cycle of doom , root and install cyanogenmod 9 alpha ( of which there are numerous available tutorials for both of these around the web )
i have a moto g as well ( small world ) and also had this problem when connecting to my school 's wifi network ( even smaller world ) . it appears like the moto has trouble autodetecting encryption settings on some networks . you can probably get it working by long pressing on the network , selecting modify network , and then changing the ' eap method ' and phase 2 authentication ' options to whatever your network requires them to be . get a friend to open their wifi settings and then copy whatever they have set . a reconnect should grant you access . please let me know if you have any questions or feedback .
i found a pre-installed app on the htc wildfire transfer data that transferred all contacts and sms from the old sonyericsson phone , it was exactly what i needed .
as mentioned on it is wikipedia page , android 's core is developed in c and c++ , and java is used for the ui . you can see this for yourself if you browse the android source code . for example , omapzoom . org provides the source for browsing without the need to downloads gigabytes of data .
apparently not . i checked with some people on xda . i just rooted and upgraded to cm10 .
originally posted by @ott-- in the comments , this answer did the trick . i am posting it as an answer since ott-- has not . is not the target named /sdcard or /storage/sdcard and not /system/sdcard ?
it was beacause i power it up via usb . it sets it is own clock speed to 300mhz . when i power it up via 5vdc power supply , it runs on 1ghz .
rooted or not : logging in via adb shell first brings you to a user-prompt only ( connected with the " shell " account ) . in order to work with root , you need to " escalate " your permissions by invoking su: &gt; adb shell shell@mako:/ $ su #  apart from that , there are a few root checker apps available as well . . .
i doubt very much that your battery is actually gaining energy , what with the conservation of energy and all that . instead i imagine that the meter is fairly inaccurate , and is inaccurate in a different way just after you turn on the phone , than when the phone has been running a while .
short answer : yes . it depends on the currently enabled wi-fi sleep mode . by default , android disables wi-fi when your device goes into a sleep . in this case , 3g is the remaining mode of network communication , and it gets used by gmail/gtalk push notifications , etc . obviously , this network communication takes its toll on your battery time . if you disable 3g you will save some battery , but your device will be completely offline while in sleep . however , if your wi-fi is " always on " , your 3g will never be used , so it does not really matter if it is on or off . however , " always on " wi-fi is a big battery drain by itself . . . update : note that sleep modes and sub-system energy consumption differ from phone to phone . moreover , 3g energy consumption varies greatly , depends on which background services are enabled , proximity of the cellular tower , etc . i have not seen any " authoritative " documentation on this subject . i suggest you check your battery stats ( in Settings -&gt; Battery ) and see how cellular communication affects your battery time overall . usually , it is a very small percentage , so in general dialing your screen brightness a down a notch will have much greater effect on your battery life .
if you have android 2.2 , the functionality is built in so there usually is no need to install a separate app . just go to : settings > wireless and networks > tethering and portable hotspot . however , depending on your phone , it is possible that your carrier has locked down this functionality . if this is the case , you can either root your phone and install a clean android 2.2 such as cyanogenmod , or you can call your carrier and pay their fee to enable it .
the bigger pattern lock is a cyanogenmod feature that was introduced in 10.1 late last year . i do not believe it is currently included in stock android . https://plus.google.com/+cyanogenmod/posts/ehpv1qcoruc
as the screenshot clearly shows , the app to take screenshots and the app to indicate the battery level never got closed . yes your are absolutely correct , even it display no of application are closed it actually free resources used by application . as per my understanding it closes some running services which are nothing but ui less applications . some applications which are installed in device uses this service for many reasons such as alarm clock , or to check periodic update of an applications etc . there are some service though that even you close them manually they just get restarted .
usually if you long press on the downloading item in download manager there is an option to delete it , thus stopping the download . if this does not work you can clear the download manager 's data . Settings -&gt; Apps -&gt; All Tab -&gt; Download Manager  here press force stop , than clear data . now reboot .
you will have to be rooted to control from home screen . button savior root will do this for you . you can also download and install volume control + which allows you . to . modify the volume without a rooted device - you will have to use the widget or app ui however .
yeah this happens on moto x too . you can long press on the notification and click on app info . then force stop the application that posted the notification ( system ui ) . doing so does not seem to affect anything else . annoying we have to do that but better than restarting phone .
with google now/voice actions i do not think there is any way to do this . some actions will happen automatically after a short delay ( "note to self . . . " is one i know offhand ; there may be others ) , but text messaging requires you to actually press the " send " button on the card that pops up . however , you could try a third-party app for these specific functions that you had like to be completely hands-free . dragon works a bit more closely to siri , acting in a conversational manner , and will prompt you for a " yes/no " to send a message in a very similar fashion . skyvi is another option you could try , which will send text messages automatically after a 5 second delay ( during which time you can press a " cancel " button to stop the sending ) .
q : how does bump work ? a : there are two parts to bump : the app running on your device and a smart matching algorithm running on our servers in the cloud . the app on your phone uses the phone 's sensors to literally " feel " the bump , and it sends that info up to the cloud . the matching algorithm listens to the bumps from phones around the world and pairs up phones that felt the same bump . then we just route information between the two phones in each pair . q : no way . what if somebody else bumps at the same time ? a : way . we use various techniques to limit the pool of potential matches , including location information and characteristics of the bump event . if you are bumping in a particularly dense area ( ex , at a conference ) , and we cannot resolve a unique match after a single bump , we will just ask you to bump again . http://bu.mp/faq your phone has some idea of where you are using cell phone cells or wifi networks , the are several applications that use that . gps would only work outdoors . so using time of the bump and somewhat accurate location provided by either cell phone cells or wifi networks it can see which two phones are bumping .
it took a lot of effort but i actually found a working solution to my problem . i first updated my phone to latest available android version 2.3.6 and that did not solve my problem . so i installed an app that shows me more details about the network setup of my phone . and after some digging around i noticed what was wrong : my phone did not have a default ipv4 route . how did that happen ? in the dhcp i push a default route ( dhcp option 3 ) ! i realized that when i just had the ipv6 link ( which is part of a whole new internet connection ) my phone did connect to the internet with both ipv4 and ipv6 . so i recreated the original setup and found that in that scenario indeed it does work . so what is different ? it took me two nights with wireshark to track the culprit down . the real reason turns out to be that i have a static route for my dmz which is pushed by my ipv4 dhcp server ( dhcp option 121 ) . when i do that the android phone only shows a route for the local subnet and the additional route i pushed . the default route is lost , hence ipv4 traffic is distorted . apparently android even no longer tries to do ipv4 dns requests ( which is the problem i started with ) . all of my other systems ( windows {xp , 7} , linux , android 3 . x ) do not do this and they keep all of the pushed routes and the default route . once i figured out what the problem was i could google more effectively and i found this bug report : http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=17525 which in turn led to a workaround that actually works ! ! quote from http://forum.xda-developers.com/archive/index.php/t-635489.html so when looking at the dhcp ack packet you will see the default route in there twice : under option 3 and 121 . quite an unexpected workaround . . . but it works for me . it turns out the android behaviour is correct : http://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3442#page-5 "If the DHCP server returns both a Classless Static Routes option and a Router option, the DHCP client MUST ignore the Router option." 
it sounds very much like the recovery is borked . i recommend using odin to re-flash recovery ( or even the entire rom if you can get ahold of an odin-flashable version ) . here 's a recent guide from xda .
it is perfectly possible to skip android versions , but 2.3 has not been released for the galaxy s . see when will my phone get the android 2.3 update ( gingerbread ) ? you could try a custom rom , however ; check out xda 's sgs development forum to find one .
its power saving symbol and you have to disable from setting for remove symbol .
a search of the play store for the phrase " game services " finds about 20 games at the moment . additionally this google docs spreadsheet lists many games with game services integration : https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/lv?key=0aitefls7rhjydfzgufq5mfliu2iznfpmqtazc0jhmk
nothing like that exists yet since the apps are not run natively in the os , but they use dalvik virutal machine instead ( wikipedia ) . it is somewhat comparable to java in the sense that it uses bytecode and creates a separated environment for each app . so unless the dalvik environment is ported to other platforms , they can not be run on normal hardware . there is a project called alien dalvik by myriad that tries to run android apps in different environments , but there is not much info on it . myriad alien dalvik
you can use an alternative sms app , e.g. handcent . i think the spell checking feature is probably htc specific ( afaik , htc has their own sms app ) .
edit : as per lie 's comment below , it looks to be us-only . the proxy site i use apparently changed to hosting in the uk :p i am in canada , and also tried from a us uk ( my bad ) proxy . it does not show up . a quick google search shows that the url for the page with the tablet apps should be https://market.android.com/details?id=apps_tablet_featured . using this link directly does not work either , whereas https://market.android.com/details?id=apps_featured ( the regular featured apps ) does . so i think google just had it up temporarily and took it down . or , if daniel can still see it , they are doing what google normally does : rolling out new features slowly , to only some users at a time .
using a higher current charger will not be a problem . the phone " pulls " current , rather than having the current " pushed " to it by the charger , so it will only take as much current as it wants , regardless of how much the charger is capable of supplying . by relation , there is no point in getting a charger with a current rating higher than your phone will accept . it is just a waste of money , as your phone will not make use of the extra capability . exactly how much current your phone will accept is usually unspecified and is generally only determinable by direct measurement ( i.e. . put a multimeter in the circuit ) , and thus generally is not practical to exactly determine for an everyday user . 1a chargers are fairly standard and would be completely adequate for almost any phone . chargers with more current than that are generally intended for tablets/phablets which have much larger batteries and will accept more current ( e . g . 10" tablets generally charge at around 2.5a ) . your phone will charge off those fine , but as i said above , just will not take advantage of the extra current capability you paid for .
according to some users in this thread , application named " superoneclick " is able to successfully root your handset . you will need to install it on your computer ( various windows and linux flavors available ) .
it worked fine for me . i recently replaced my sony xperia z with a nexus 5 . i copied over the titanium backup files and restored them , including google authenticator . no problems to report , i can still connect correctly to sites and apps requiring a code .
check the following android apps on google play despy camera ( free ) volshutter camera
the availability option has been deprecated in hangout . to make yourself invisible or so , either you have to downgrade to gtalk or the easiest way you can do this by going to your gmail account from your pc . there you should find this availability option .
solved . first of all , i did not know how to enter in recovery mode on cubot gt-99 , but accidentally i enter in it , and i want share this with you because i did not find it on internet . press power for 1 sec and than release . . . phone vibrate . . . immediately after vibration press and hold power and volume+ button . in recovery mode it alows me to : apply update from adb/sdcard/cache wipe data/factory reset wipe cache partition backuo/restore user data i tried to establish a connection with the adb , but it did not work because of encrtyption . i made a backup user data and after that i dona factory reset . the new system had the same problem , there is no system keyboard . so i have installed the swift keyboard from computer using the command adb install %PATH_OF_PACKAGE_ON_PC% . i finally had some keyboard with which i could enter my email address and password to enter in google play . there i installed root app delete ( with which i had previously disabled the system keyboard ) , to re-enable the system keyboard . in the end all i needed is to go to the system recovery and restore user data witch i made before factory reset . that is it . : )
edited 01/30/2014 if you clear the data for google services framework , you can force the ota update to start again . there are a few downsides to this , but with a brand new device , you can safely clear the data and perform the ota update . old answer . . . as deailed in this question , you can download the 4.4.2 image directly from google and install it on your tablet from your computer . one method is to use fastboot : if you are using windows , you will need usb drivers ( official link , and easy mode link , koush 's universal driver ) . the file downloaded includes instructions , which basically boil down to . . . reboot into bootloader/fastboot mode . connect your device to your pc with usb . run the appropriate flash-all file for your desktop os ( windows .bat files and bash .sh files are included with the downloaded android image ) . note : this will also erase all data on your device . make sure you back up whatever you want to . if i remember correctly , there is a flash-base or similar option that will not erase your data , instead of flash-all .
as far as i can tell and from links like this and also this link ( for different devices obviously ) it seems that once the usb is plugged in that is what will charge the device , and the wireless-charging is disabled . the nexus 4 has two main power circuits : 1 ) battery connector and charging circuit and 2 ) wireless charging gen2 circuit . these two work together with internal battery protection circuit as well . there are many controls going on while charging , such as current sensors , thermal sensors , voltage reference and voltage input detection . so basically it has been thought to avoid any problem if you happen to connect both charging supplies at the same time , as only one will act as the charger , and as far as i can understand the logic of it , it’s the usb charging that has priority over wireless charging .
you do not need to disable anything :- ) step-by-step guide : update your recovery to the latest version download this 4.4.3 update and supersu place these files in sdcard boot in recovery wipe cache and dalvik cache flash 4.4.3 update and supersu ( ~15/25 mins ) reboot re-install x-posed framework from its installer re-install custom kernel now you have 4.4.3 and all of your customization without losing data ; - )
i think this is an unresolvable issue but you can find more info at the link below stackexchange-url
here 's a link that covers some methods for changing the system font on some android phones without root , i do not know if it works on your phone as well : http://www.androidauthority.com/how-to-change-the-fonts-on-your-android-phone-32078/
i have also seen the 3 scrolling types you mention below , but it always seemed to me that the 3rd one was more a bug than a feature . the htc desire ( which i have too ) is not known to have a great digitizer , the part of the screen that handles the finger positions and movements . furthermore , it is not " multitouch " , meaning it cannot handle properly more than 1 finger on the screen , although there are tries to support it but i have never seen it work constantly good . see this page for more proof . it is true that it would be a nice feature , maybe on other phones with a better touchscreen and a further version of android with more gestures supported . why not for example scrolling down with 2 fingers would trigger a super-fast scroll or a " go to bottom " action ?
there are multiple solutions . as i do not know how you tried to download it ( or with which app you received it ) , i will give you a few " blind shots": downloading it with the browser : this might give you the error you described ( see below for a possible solution on this ) , or might simply store the file in your downloads folder ( depending on the browser used ) . in the latter case , the saved file is often mis-named to .epub.html , so you had have to rename it and strip the .html off to be able to open the book with your reader . receiving it with the mail/gmail app : there should be a way to simply " save the attachment " to your sdcard . you need to find the correct folder with some ebook readers ; aldiko might offer you to import it to its library from wherever you have stored it . downloading it with your pc , and copying it to your device : same steps as above after saving the attachment . try moon+ reader as alternative ebook reader app : as far as i remember , moon+ registers itself for the .epub extension , which should completely solve your problem with the error message ( the book would be opened directly in moon+ reader ) . and even if not , it has a lot of opds libraries pre-configured where you can download books from directly from within the app . one or more of above items should help you out of your misery . enjoy ebook reading ! ps : if you like moon+ : until the end of this month ( february 28 , 2013 ) , the pro version ( moon+ reader pro ) is offered for half of its usual price to celebrate its return to the playstore after having been unfairly banned . this is an offer you should take then : )
go to the air gesture settings and deselect " quick glance "
after some unrelated investigation today , i think i know why i am encountering the error , but i do not have a solution to it . it seems to me that when the phone 's internal storage is mounted using the mass storage mode , windows only sees the first 2.2gb of space . if i try to format it using windows , i only get an option to create a 2.2gb fat32 partition . if i format using the captivate 's formatting tool , it creates a 13.03gb partition . now the fun part : the captivate seems to be able to read/write from the whole 13gb partition fine . however , windows seems to be only to access the first 2gb of that 13gb partition . while i can see all the files listed , trying to read from file that were created after the first 2gb returns an error , and trying to copy additional files from windows to the internal storage once the 2gb limit is reached results in an error . i will open up a new question about this to see if anyone has an answer . thanks .
the reviews i have read seem to indicate that the optimus will happily play standard-definition xvid and divx video files in avi format so try using the "-vcodec mpeg4" setting . http://ffmpeg.org/faq.html#sec20
in settings - phone settings or in dialer - menu -settings you will find an option for dtmf . try changing that to different values . it might even have been turned off .
i think the dimensions of different parts of the gui require changes in the framework-res . apk files in the internal system partition . this requires you to be rooted , of course . i have not seen any custom themes for custom roms that have a full screen portrait however .
i doubt it . i have done the same with a gsm galaxy s ( the vibrant ) with no problems . of course it probably depends on whether you have a really terrible rom , but rooting alone should not matter . and it might be different for cdma . but worst case , you can just flash back to stock . my vibrant picked up the network settings on it is first boot with a sim , i would again assume your first boot-up after activation would cause the same thing . plus , if the custom rom is captivate-based and not i9000-based , it might have the network settings already built in ( and just need to pick up the phone number ) .
if you are using launcherpro go to your home screen , press Menu -&gt; Preferences -&gt;Backup homescreen &amp; settings to backup and Restore backup is in the same place . this can not restore your widgets but remembers their places though . also some app-specific shortcuts need to be recreated ( in my case , shortcuts to k-9 mail mailboxes ) .
use titanium backup , it'll fit your needs .
to my knowledge , twrp does a nandroid backup . as you can read in the tag wikis of the mentioned tags ( nandroid , backup ) , a nandroid backup takes images of your partitions . it is not a backup on the file level , but on partition level . so it includes everything stored on those partitions . doing a full nandroid backup of your system thus includes the entire system , one file per partition . there are only very few things not contained , such as the radio-firmware . so to put it as a short direct answer to your question : yes , a full nandroid backup would include all your apps , app data , messages , contacts . though it might be complicated to extract them separately ( nandroid can not do that , it is always an " all-or-nothing " . but e.g. titanium backup can read data from nandroid backups . just in case you will need that : )
there is nothing available . while it is theoretically possible with the hardware , in practice it would be very difficult to implement and would probably need a custom rom that supported it . even the tools for doing this on a desktop ( aircrack , etc . ) generally require specific wireless chipsets and drivers to do wireless packet capture . edit : there is now a project that got monitor mode working on the galaxy s2 and the google nexus one . see http://bcmon.blogspot.de/
yes and no . as far as i am aware , a typical android install will not contain unzip . you can , however , install busybox for android , which provides the unzip utility . then a simple : adb shell unzip /sdcard/archive.zip  would do the trick . if you are rooted you can use a busybox installer from the market like stericson 's . if you are not rooted then you should be able to manually push a busybox binary ( one here on github , for example ; click " raw " to download it ) to somewhere like /data/local and then invoke it . it should be something like : alternatively , many file managers will unzip files for you . i personally use file expert but there are a lot of others . usually you just need to long press on the archive and it will present an " extract " option or similar .
seems like " droid vnc server " doing the job .
i was going to suggest cyanogenmod also , if that does not work or is not something you are interested in , you should try tasker http://tasker.dinglisch.net/ https://market.android.com/details?id=net.dinglisch.android.taskerm it pretty much can do just about anything you can think of without quite as much work as writing an app yourself .
the first versions of the android market on tablets did not have an option to rate an app . rumors are that google wanted to prevent bad ratings on apps , because they were not optimized for tables ( yet ) . some say that they received an market update that enabled the rate function . my lenovo thinkpad market has not got it yet . but it seems just a matter of time . until then , you can rate apps on the web version of the market .
according the google 's developer page here , google play is not required for admob to work . from the site : the google play services library supports even devices that do not have the google play store . to update such devices , download and bundle the latest google play services sdk ; then relaunch your apps to propagate updates to your users . devices that do have the google play store are automatically updated to the latest version . there is also an answer here which explains that google play services is not required to be able to have ads served to android devices . if google play services is not on the device , the version you compile with your app will fetch the ads instead .
try clearing the data and cache for the app ( Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage apllications ) and then syncing . hopefully it will work after that .
purchase a mouse which supports multitouch gestures ( using which you zoom in or out ) . e.g. padkite if you do not want to purchase anything , just go to dolphin 's Settings , tap Lab and turn on pinch-Zoom Button . then , you will find +/- clickable buttons to zoom in or out .
use evernote . it has a dedicated Page Camera feature for your purpose . you can continuously snap documents with it . if you are a premium user , keywords from your snapped documents will be indexed with ocr technologies ( which will be useful in searching ) . and , it works great ( i am a premium user and i have used it ) . if you are not , just buy premium subscription for 1 month . . . indexing continue to exist after 1 month ( but new documents will not be indexed ) .
what do we do too set the default apps for the applications running on the system ? i assume you meant to ask how to set default apps for certain actions/tasks , such as taking a picture , writing an email , opening a web page etc . the answer really depends on which version of the android os your device is running , and also to a lesser extent , who the manufacturer of the device is . if you consider a google nexus device running the latest version of stock android ( 4.4 kitkat ) , the os presents you with a picker dialog to select which app you would like to launch to complete the task . in the screenshot below , i attempted to launch a camera to take a picture : screenshot ( click image for larger variant ) you can select one of the options and then select " always " or " just once " . as the buttons indicate , your selection will either persist for future tasks or you will see this picker-dialog every time . if this list changes because you uninstalled the app that you had marked as " always " or if you installed new apps that can handle the same task , this dialog will be presented again . certain device manufacturers ( or oems ) may choose to modify this behavior as part of their " skinning/customization " of android . htc famously changed this behavior for some of their devices ( for a slightly technical explanation of their change , read here ) . you can also see how this dialog picker has changed historically here . what do we do too set the default apps for the applications running on the system ? you need to perform an action that multiple apps on your device are capable of handling so that the above dialog presents itself . it is hard to know when this dialog will present itself since apps and their capabilities change all the time . for example , if you installed a new camera app , you can make it the " default " camera app by trying to launch the camera from elsewhere in the system or other apps ( like hitting a button that says " take a picture" ) . is there a centralized settings on android ? short answer : no ( but as of android 4.4 , you can set a default " homescreen " app from the device settings-> home . note that you will only see this option if you have multiple homescreen apps ) however , if you did set an app as the default handles for certain tasks , and you wish you no longer keep it the default , you can navigate to it is " app info " page ( device settings-> apps-> pick your app ) and hit the " clear defaults " button .
it depends on the live wallpaper in question , but in general , the wallpaper only runs when the home screen is visible . since you are usually running an app or have the screen off , the live wallpaper has no effect most of the time : the extra battery use is limited to when you are looking at the home screen . this is not always true , though . some live wallpapers also run extra things . for example , the live wallpaper might periodically run in the background so that it can change its appearance based on your email inbox , or weather reports from the internet , or the accelerometer . for that reason , some live wallpapers might use quite a lot of battery . in that respect , live wallpapers are no different from any other app . if they are inefficient or do a lot of work , they will run your battery down quickly . if they are efficient and simple , you will not notice any extra battery use . unless reviewers comment on it , you will not know until you try .
i think this post provides some information about it . it also seems to be consistent with what i have tried . instead of partitioning the sd card , mounting an .img with a ext4 filesystem is a simple workaround .
search for profile in google play . you had find apps like : myprofiles quick profiles etc those are not my recommendations . it is up to you to see which one works best for you .
use data2sd instead of creating the symlink manually from the terminal . usually sd cards are formatted with fat32 , data2sd creates an ext2 embedded partition instead . . . more detailed explanation here .
thumb keyboard allows for this , as well as many other handy features which make it well worth the money paid version 7 day trial version
turned out i was not being patient enough . it took a little while for my phone to realize it needed to connect to data services ; after that the tethering worked fine . it helped for me to open my email on my phone , just to give it a little nudge .
the pdanet adb driver ( http://pdanet.co/a/ ) worked .
there are a couple of apps in the playstore which permit you to view/edit exif data : photo image editor - photoshop ( free ) says it can view , edit , or delete exif data same promised by photo editor exif editor and viewer ( paid ) promises to remove , modify , and add individual or multiple exif tags pixelgarde even states : edit exif metadata for several photos as a batch , or just individual photos there are probably many more , so i just picked two of the more promising examples .
you can try to press and hold the pair/reset button on the back of the revue for 10 seconds . source using the hardware button press and hold the pair/reset button located to the left side of the left hdmi port on the back of the box for about 10 seconds . the revue will then restart with factory default settings . using the menus 1 . from the home screen select applications . 2 . choose settings . 3 . select about . 4 . choose factory data reset . 5 . select reset device . 6 . select erase everything . the pair/reset button is the one identified by number ( 1 ) on page 3 of the logiteh revue manual .
in settings , goto applications > internet > clear defaults . next time you perform a search it should ask you which you would like to use and simply select dolphin .
you need to get a stock rom of the same android version . in this case 4.2 jellybean , since its the base of cyanogenmod 10.1 . once you get the stock rom , you can open it with any zip viewer and get the apps you want from /system/app , then you just connect the phone via usb and adb push the apps to /system/app in the phone . be sure to wipe cache/dalvik and reboot to apply the changes . another easier way is if you have a nandroid of your last stock rom ( and its jb also ) . you can open the nandroid with winrar and get the needed apps from /system/app without searching for the stock rom .
there is an app called altitude that does allow you to configure those settings per installation ( = per device in your case ) . edit : purpose of the app - updating your latitude status/location base on more fine grained settings ( update interval , location source ) . altitude on android market xda thread i would recommend to configure latitude to " manual location " and altitude to automatic update , but first read through the thread to check if this tool does the trick for you .
this sounds to me like a similar problem i have had with duplicating images in the gallery . i fixed this by clearing the gallery data , and allowing it to rebuild next time the media scanner ran . i would suggest trying the same technique . i would imagine that whereas i deleted the data from the gallery app , you should try clearing data from the stock android music player , or failing that from poweramp . settings-applications-manage applications-all-gallery-clear data ( confirm ) . this does not delete your media itself , just the database that details where the media is . the media scanner will rebuild this database automatically next time it scans . it would be prudent to backup your phone contents before you try this .
i could start with the very same lamentations : no root no fun . as except for root only the app itself can access its data , there is no real way around -- except . . . but first an elegant alternative to the mentioned titanium backup : while running both ( rooted ! ) devices simultaneously , appsync can synchronize apps and data . so you could even start some game on one device , sync , and continue on the other -- just to give you one example . the one possibility without root requires at least ics ( android 4 . x ) . i am not sure whether this works betwenn different devices ( or whether some device component is used for encryption ) , but as far as i understood it should do : using adb backup and adb restore , which requires the android sdk installed on your computer , and is described in detail in the article on full backup of non-rooted devices .
/storage/sdcard/android is probably where all the data is . you can manually delete files out of there , but i would recommend using the application sd card maid . i say that just because it has a lot of functions to clean up data from apps that are no longer installed .
how to boot into safe mode : note : not all devices support safe mode while your device is booting up , hold down the home button . this should be done right after the screen starts up , before the boot animation does , and should be held until the device fully boots . once done , you should see the words ' safe mode ' in the bottom left corner . how to factory reset/clear userdata if booting into safe mode did not work , or your device is still boot looping after removing some of the apps that are using the greatest memory , you will have to erase your data . you should be able to access stock recovery by holding down the volume up button , the home buton and the power button until the device finishes booting into recovery mode . from here you can use the volume keys to navigate to the wipe userdata option , and press the power button to select it . once done , press the back key to go to the main menu and select to reboot the device now . this will erase all userdata on the device ! if it still does not work ? if it still does not work after following these steps , then you will have to take it to a repair center , sorry !
restarting your phone should resolve the issue .
it was released , but only in china : in may 2010 , the company launched its 2,899-yuan lephone , which china unicom sold 145,000 units after hitting the market , to compete with apple 's 4,999-yuan iphone4 .
a lot of the recent htc phones can lock and home at the same time , that may be what you are doing by accident . as previously stated , the google+ app by default backs up your pictures to a ( private ) online album for easier sharing . this can be turned off entirely , or configured to only sync on wifi ( to save your data allowance ) and give you a chance to delete unwanted pictures before they are uploaded .
seems due to a limitation in the os ( android i mean ) that hides ( why the hell ? ? ! ? ! ? ) ad hoc networks like hd2 creates . solution is posted on http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1060909 and is now working !
have a look at this application book catalogue
i am prompted to select what i want to use to open the link , so it looks like you have set a default action for that intent . you will need to go to Settings &gt; Apps &gt; (downloaded or all) &gt; Earth &gt; Clear defaults . next time you click a location in the calendar it should prompt you for what you want to use to open it . unfortunately , this resets all the defaults for google earth .
awesome drop does exactly what you are looking for . drag and drop into a page on your pc 's browser and the are automatically downloaded to your device . edit : here are a couple other options : wifi syncr : if you are connected to the same wifi network this will do exactly what you want . you basically setup a shared folder in windows and anything you put in that folder is pushed to the designated folder on your device . it is a one way sync : pc => device . you may be able to set this up to work remotely over the internet if you use a dynamic dns service but i do not really know . you can use a cloud service like flow mentioned in his answer and couple that with an app that will automatically keep the local folders on your device synced so you will not have to manually download each file . i personally use dropsync with my dropbox account . i have also used foldersync with google drive ( foldersync actually syncs with tons of cloud services ) . both are paid apps but have lite versions that limit you to one folder which would work . the drawback to this method is that there is a way to set it up to detect changes on your local device and sync immediately , however it can not detect changes to the cloud directory so files would only be downloaded to your device on the sync schedule you setup .
sms backup+ will backup ( and can restore too ) your sms messages to your gmail account ( you have to enable imap in gmail ) the nice thing about it , it does it automatically . it can also backup your call log too email too .
the play store on the handset is running as a service in the background and by clicking on the ' install ' from the web front-end on desktop pc browser , this triggers a push notification ( am guessing its gcm - google cloud messaging ) which is broadcast across the network only to designated google accounts which you happen to be signed in . when the play store service receives the broadcast , that triggers it to pull it down . as for asking how is this implemented is beyond the scope as that is bordering on asking in the direction of development efforts . only google is allowed to do that and is part of the terms and conditions of play store usage . that i would also think is how google can send a kill switch to designated handsets ( it happened before , on pre-release of ics on galaxy nexus , which happened to get leaked by accident on google employee 's handset , by one of the us carriers , and the kill was issued which wiped the rom , after it was posted on reddit - iirc ) edit : i am speculating on how the play store does it , and is proprietary . . .
some carriers do attach the sent time with the sms . i am not sure if it depends on the sender 's or receiver 's carrier . and some android sms apps let you choose that instead of local phone time . the sms app in cyanogenmod 7 does for one , but check out handcent , chompsms and go sms for alternative messaging apps .
this is a common problem with parents giving their phones for children to play with . see my answer here for some related information . essentially , it is a security problem . if i take away your right to use the back button ( or more importantly , the home button ) , then you can not quit my app and therefore i have hi-jacked your phone . therefore , the only way you are going to get around this is if there some method to do this with a rooted phone . or if an application/game supports some sort of " kid lock " that might not be foolproof . developers can override the back/menu/search button intents , but i do not think they can override the home button unless it is a home launcher app . take a quick look at this search on the android market . there are some games specifically tailored to this problem that you might find interesting .
as an answer to my own question ( which i re-discovered just now ) , i can tell i have installed : manaltyics : gives you several charts and data of all your web sites coupled to you google account . very nice . analytics widget : widget which when clicked , will update one count of one of your sites . different widgets can be created . very handy to follow the most important data . enjoy .
i know the built-in android mail client does not sync read status with hotmail . have you tried the official hotmail client ? it does seem to support most of hotmail 's more advanced features .
currently the official dropbox app does not support automatic camera upload if you have charge less than 30% . you can do it manually though or through a browser . only 3rd party apps like dropsync can upload when it is at low charge .
you can use any launcher ( eg . nova launcher ) . when you add the shortcut to the home screen , press and hold on the shortcut icon , tap Edit . after this , it will open a dialog box to edit the caption along with the icon . tap on the icon and select the required one from your phone .
this depends a little on the device and what version of android you have . on versions of android later than 4.1 you can access safe mode by bringing up the power down menu ( i.e. . hold the power button ) and long pressing the " power off " option . this will bring up a little dialog box that will ask if you want to reboot into safe mode . the addition is noted on the android web site under " system " changes . on some older phones - though not all will necessarily support this - there may be a button combination that you can hold at boot to get into safe mode instead . for example , the galaxy s2 used to allow you to hold down the hard menu button during the boot process to start up in safe mode . others have used ( i believe ) holding both volume up and volume down . check your user manual ( or google ) for your specific device to find more information , including whether or not the device supports safe mode at all . as to what " safe mode " means - it generally disables third party apps and widgets , to help you recover from a bad app install , give you a chance to remove a possibly rogue/malicious app , or simply determine what apps may be causing problems in your system .
i fixed the cable early before it was too late . the problem zone is the hard transition from the connector to the cable . shear force due to moving/bending the cable is very strong there when the cable is inserted into the nook . this is the place where it starts to break and that needs to be fixed . i consider this solution permanent as it has not broken in 18 months : add another coating to this transition to reduce shear force . used components : superglue 2 pieces of heat shrink tube ( different diameter ) before : fixed :
are you sure that this is camera ? it is more likely a light/proximity sensor . . .
osmand is an offline navigation app and should support geo intents since 2011 . it has a fully functional free version and a reasonably priced paid version in the play store . it is foss also , so you could ask for the functionality to be improved or you could send a patch yourself if needed . there is also nightly builds available on the project 's site .
i eventually tracked this down using the app " task identifier " . it is a bit awkward to use and has an odd interface , but it also has the useful feature of showing an alert if apps activate when the phone is sleeping . it turned out that the problem was the sync service from the doubletwist app , and it appears that it was indeed caused by an inappropriately-used acquire_causes_wakeup wakelock . i have e-mailed them a bug report .
samsung have a dock for the galaxy tab which connects it to a pretty much full-size keyboard , and props the screen in a position where it is like a laptop 's screen . there are also a number of android devices that have a video or hdmi out capability to output their screen onto a tv , often needing a special converter cable . bluetooth is an option for connecting keyboards , keypro ( appbrain link ) ( official website ) andteksoft blueinput ( appbrain link ) ( official website ) load drivers onto your phone to let you use bluetooth hid to connect up many bluetooth keyboards ( trial versions are free to test your device 's compatibility , but it looks like if you want to carry on using it you will have to pay to register to make it work fully ) . there are other options for loading bluetooth hid ( keyboard ) drivers onto your phone if you root it . also , see these previous questions regarding connecting peripherals , such as keyboards and mice , to android devices using bluetooth . bluetooth keyboard with android ? what else can bluetooth do ? external hardware keyboards from android honeycomb ( android 3.1 ) upwards certain devices , that have usb host support built into their hardware , can attach and use normal usb keyboards and mice ( with the appropriate usb host micro-usb to usb converter cable ) . i have occasionally plugged in used a keyboard this way on my motorola xoom .
probable answer by guessing what you are doing : if all those unwanted pictures are also displayed in the galery , and you use some " media-importing-software " ( as opposed to just copying files in explorer yourself ) : this importing software is probably contacting your android device 's media server for " media of the type image " , so it gets all images returned the media service knows about . no big help up to this , but : you can tell the media service to exclude directories from its library by placing an empty file named .nomedia there ( the leading dot is essential in the file name ! ) . as soon as the media scanner finds that file , the entire directory it resides in ( including all subdirectories ) is skipped . if there are any pictures , videos or sound files , they will not show up in the galery ( but you still can access them via a file browser if you want ) , and the media service will not even know they exist . so the next time it is asked for " all media of type image " , those files will not be mentioned .
the cacertman application , while it does not support 2.1 as compiled , is trivially modifiable to compile against 2.1 sdk and minimum version can be dropped with no seemingly ill effects . now to get that patch submitted .
you might want to take a look at locus maps : it not only can import kmz files ( i guess the ones you mean keep to the keyhole standard , so they should work ) . you can even have media ( pictures ) embedded within , and use them in offline mode . maps also can be downloaded right from within the app , so you can be prepared for your off-road trip . it also supports a bunch of different map formats ( including vector maps ) , so i would wonder if you were unable to get your mentioned material loaded with locus . besides : excellent support , active forum , and much more . . . definitely worth a look . and no , i am not the developer placing my ad here : )
the groups tab in the contacts app shows the individual google contacts groups , including the built-in ones ( "coworkers " etc . ) and my custom groups , and they are browsable . this is on my galaxy s vibrant running 2.2 , with touchwiz .
indeed , overriding certificates it is one of the most popular ways to compromise https . so , if your employer can succeed to create a certificate that fools the app , it can easily perform a mitm attack . some links to check about mitm attacks on gmail app : [ 1 ] : http://www.networking4all.com/en/ssl+certificates/ssl+news/android+apps+vulnerable+to+man-in-the-middle+attacks/ [ 2 ] : http://bgr.com/2011/08/30/iranian-government-said-to-be-using-mitm-hack-to-spy-on-gmail-other-google-services/
since you have not mentioned , i assume you do not have nandroid backup . a nanroid backup is basically a backup of your android operating system from the phone’s nand memory , saved to the storage card . if you had that , you could have just restored the backup . now the alternative is , if you know the programs that were deleted by the performed command you could try getting the apk files and adding them in /system/app and rebooting the phone . i thing the best and easy way now would be to get the stock rom for your phone and flash it .
firefox also requires an armv7 processor . the htc dream/g1 is officially unsupported because its processor is armv6 . see the supported/unsupported device list on the mozilla wiki : these devices have armv6 processors and are not compatible with firefox for android : . . . htc dream ( t-mobile g1 , android dev phone 1 ) . . .
as long as your phone is rooted , you can use the excellent button remapper app by appelflap as a convenient workaround . what the app will let you do is remap the camera button to work as the power button . after installing the app , find the entry for " ( camera ) " and set its action to " power " and its state to " wake_dropped " . ( wake tells the key to register even when the screen is off ; wake_dropped does the same but drops the key before it is sent to the running application . ) optionally , remap the " ( power ) " button to something innocuous like " home " and set its state to " none " — that way , in case the real power button becomes active in a jammed state , the button input should not mess up anything you are trying to do on the phone . after you are satisfied with your changes , click " apply " to reboot the phone for the changes to take effect . in case you messed up , there will be a notification from button remapper in the status bar , which will let you reset any changes you have made . note that even when using button remapper to remap the hardware buttons , the remapping will not take effect when the phone is off ( or you are booted into recovery mode ) . if your power button does not work , you will still have to use a workaround like plugging your phone into a charger in order to get the phone to power on from a shutdown state . seeing as how the power button design on the motorola droid appears to be partially defective ( i know of at least a handful of droid owners who have had the power button fail ) , on my replacement droid i made the point of remapping the camera button pre-emptively , in an attempt to minimize wear and tear on the power button . it is something to consider .
in linux/android it is not recommended to close apps or use task killers . unlike a windows computer/phone , linux/android can keep applications " running " in the background which does not use any cpu or networking ( unless it is a media player ) . it has actually been proven that closing apps causes more battery drain , because instead of android being able to recall the app that was in memory it has to relaunch it , which requires more memory use as well as cpu . you are better to leave apps running . sources : how to geek and lifehacker
important : make a backup before trying any of the following steps ! usually the animation video is stored at : /system/media/video/shutdown you can rename this to something else . or delete all the files from there . if it is not there , check /system/customize/resource/ or /data/local/ may be it can be found there . in some cases shutdown animation may be handled by an apk . check under system/app if you have a Shutdown.apk or PowerOff.apk . if yes ( like in lg-p692 ) , you also have PowerOff.odex there . do not touch PowerOff.odex . in this case you can modify the PowerOff.apk . this is how : copy the PowerOff.apkto your pc use 7zip or winrar or any uncompressor software you have , to open the apk . go to res/drawable folders . you might have up to 3-4 of them like : drawable-ldpi , drawable-mdpi , drawable-hdpi , drawable-xdpi ( in case of lg-p692 , only drawable-mdpi will be found ) . there you can see some .png or .jpg files . replace those with any images that you want . if you do not want anything there you can use plain black images . make sure that you put the images with the same resolution that of the original images . replace images in all the drawable folders . after you replace those images , make sure the apk is in the same format as it was earlier , except the images that have been changed . now copy back the PowerOff.apk to your phone where it was . power off your phone . remove your battery . power on . and now test . see how this helps . tested with an lg-p692 .
well , the problem seemed to have gone away on its own after a few more synchronizations , so i guess the solution is to just wait a bit .
once you hit the gray box and that ice list pops up , i believe you just have to select a contact from that list in order to assign that person/phone number to the box . just be careful with assigning contacts to the gray boxes because it can be very easy to pocket dial these people . in case you are interested in removing someone from the gray box , you select the menu button while on the " emergency dialer " screen and it'll give the option to remove the contact from the gray box . hope it helps .
the quick settings app puts that at your fingertips and , by default , is launched with a long-press on the search button .
my solution was to change the front room wifi to wpa2 to match the backroom 's wifi ( wpa2 ) which i never had a problem with . do not know why this works i cannot believe the sgs2 has less than optimum support for wpa . maybe it was buggy software . . . although i am fully updated and have been since i got the phone . ( september 11 ) i should mention this was not a problem caused by ics or fixed by the firmware upgrade as i had the problem pretty much as soon as i got the phone ( september 11 ) .
to use an attached usb device you need to have : a usb otg ( usb on-the-go ) cable usb host mode drivers loaded on your device a version of the android operating system loaded on that device that supports usb host mode an android device ( eg phone or tablet ) that has built-in hardware support for usb host mode and finally there need to be drivers on your device , for whatever usb device you are plugging in . operating system usb host mode support was introduced in android version 3.1 ( honeycomb ) , so if you have android 3.1 , or newer installed on your device then you should have the necessary support for it in your os , android 4 also adds additional usb and otg support . also , many third-party roms add support for usb host mode to phones that have the hardware support , but do not have the necessary os or driver support in the official operating system release . host mode drivers most devices that have both hardware support and a new enough os will have the necessary drivers loaded to enable usb host mode , but some do not . you can find driver apps on the play store for some models that do not have built in drivers . some models with 3rd party instructions and drivers available are : nexus one htc desire htc incredible cable you can not just use a normal usb cable . as these devices can act as both a usb " slave " device ( for instance so that you can plug them into a pc and copy music onto your phone , or copy pictures off the phone ) and a usb " host " ( for example so that you can plug a usb memory stick into your tablet and copy files on or off it ) they need some way to tell which they should act as at a given time . a usb otg ( usb on-the-go ) cable is what is used to tell your device to act as a host , this is like a normal usb cable but it has one of the internal pins connected to ground at one end to let that device know that it should act as the host ( technically pins 4 and 5 are shorted to ground in an otg cable ) . additionally , as most phones have micro-usb sockets , but most usb dongles have " full-size " usb plugs , as below many otg cables have a male micro-b usb plug at one end , and a female usb-a plug at the other to convert between the different sized connectors . the motorola camera connection kit , which is a usb otg cable usb otg cables can be bought fairly cheaply on places like ebay or the amazon marketplace , as well as many small electronics shops . you may also find that your device 's manufacturer sells an official , branded one , often called something like a " camera connection kit " or " usb memory stick connection cable " . if you are brave you can also find various tutorials on the web on how to make your own otg cable from a standard usb cable . usb device drivers when you plug your usb device into your android phone or tablet it needs to know what that usb device is and what to do with it . for common devices , like usb memory sticks , or cameras that support pptp or usb mass storage , these will often already be built into the os . for other usb devices , like wifi , 3g or bluetooth dongles there may not be drivers pre-built into the os , or only drivers for certain specific devices . how to test everything together there are some apps that can help you test whether you have all of the necessary hardware and software to do this , such as usb host diagnostics . using it to test your device 's capabilities is very simple install usb host diagnostics from the play store run it tap the start diagnostics link , and following the directions first ensure that you have nothing plugged into usb on your device and then plug a device ( such as a usb flash drive ) in when prompted if everything works you should end up with a summary screen like this , showing firstly a few details about your device and the running os , then letting you know whether or not your device says that it supports usb host mode , and then the all important final verdict that lets you know whether testing the host mode access worked or not : if everything is working and the app successfully detected your usb device ( showing that your usb host mode is working ) you should have " yes"s in the ringed sections , and some details showing how much access 3rd party ( ie non-built-in ) apps have to the device . if not , there should be details there to help you track down where the problem is . alternatively , chainfire , the author of usb host diagnostics , has a ( long ) listing of all the reports that people have submitted after running the test on their devices . you can look your device up in the list and see if people with your device and operating system version have passed all of the tests , or not . have a look for your device here : http://usbhost.chainfire.eu/
this only applies if you have root access , as bryan already pointed out in the comments . i would suggest using a utility such as titaniumbackup to completely back-up all your applications and your data . it will be stored on your sd card so that you can transfer its files to another device and restore the backups on there .
if you have a locked bootloader , it is s-on . if you fully unlock the bootloader it is s-off . as eldarerathis notes below there is an intermediate state , where it is unlocked but still s-on , where you can flash recoveries and roms but not radio firmware and so on . if you do not unlock the bootloader , you can not flash unsigned firmware and most often can not alter your rom ( i.e. . , no permanent rooting ) . the locked bootloader generally restores a known good system image on boot if it sees that changes have been made . for some devices there is no known method of unlocking the bootloader ; most of the time you need something official like htc 's unlocker tool .
one option - if you have root and a proper custom kernel you can use something like setcpu to underclock your processor . cyanogenmod also has this functionality built in since at least cm7 , do not remember if it is in cm6 . that can be found in Settings-&gt;CyanogenMod Settings-&gt;Performance iirc . without root access , i suppose you could try to run some kind of " expensive " process in an attempt to occupy cpu cycles , but its probably not the best of ideas or an accurate portrayal of a slower device .
if you mean logged by your phone company then yes any calls that go over their network will be logged and billed to you . if the 3rd party app uses voip or something similar they will not log it as a call but then you also will not be billed for it except for the data charges . if you mean logged on your phone so you can check it in the call history then that depends on the application as it is possible for an app to edit your call history .
simple answer : no . long answer : no , as these app use a native binary installed onto the system to reroute data through the proxy . this is done at kernel level ( actually it is done using the terminal commands , but it is done at kernel level ) , because of this root access is needed . there are 0 apps that allow you to use a proxy without rooting first . android 4 . x natively supports proxies however .
removing and reinstalling yahoo ! weather on my wife 's phone cured this . i guess cousin yahoo ! has a bug .
it sounds like your tablet is missing the ' contacts ' or ' people ' app ( or has one customized by the manufacturer , which does not understand the same intents ) . since every oha-certified android device has it , gmail is trying to launch it without checking whether it exists , and that is what is going wrong . if you disabled the app yourself ( by clicking disable in the app 's page in settings → apps ) , then you have to re-enable it to avoid this problem . if the gmail app was pre-installed on your tablet , then this is a system integration error . you should complain to the manufacturers and ask them to release an update to fix the problem . until then , or if you installed gmail yourself on a tablet that does not support it , you should be able to fix the problem if you can find and install the original contacts or people app .
you cant sync addons or settings between the pc and android due to differences in the platform . the only things which can be synced are bookmarks , passwords , history and even open tabs . firefox 11 's addon sync works only between the pc versions
google talk and gmail each behave this way . i found this out by asking here actually . so when you drag down the notification bar , gmail and google talk will not appear in the recent apps list . however , you will see them in recent apps if you navigate to them using an application launcher . i am not certain if the same is true for google voice .
yes ! i use google voice for texting . it is great . notifications are reliable , there have been no delays in receiving messages ( or others receiving mine ) , and of course you can access it from your computer as well . super handy , and no sms charge . as for voice calls , i also used to use it for that . the app manages everything nicely for outgoing calls -- you can set it to make every call " from " ( show up as ) your google voice number . and you can set it up to forward all calls to it to your " real " number -- so no one needs to know it except google and you can give everyone your gvoice number . plus , every call to the u.s. and canada only uses your local minutes ( or charges you a local rate if you do not have a plan ) . note : you can not receive texts from services such as facebook that actually email you via [ yournumber ] @ [ yourcarrier ] . com or something similar , you cannot text short codes such as fbook ( 32665 ) , and you can not send mms messages ( but that is what email 's for amirite ? ) .
it looks like this is either specific to the hardware of the camera or even the software the manufacture using on the device . i have a samsung galaxy s ( vibrant ) and i can pause and resume video recording . my previous device , the htc dream ( adp1/g1 ) could also pause and resume ( from what i can remember ) .
quick look around shows that the alarm function is most definitely part of the clock app .
i upgraded to a 2.3.4 rom . i no longer have the battery drain issue , or the lag issue . the question is whether or not it was the specific rom or the 2.3.3 os , but based on multiple links , here and here , i believe it is a 2.3.3 issue fixed in 2.3.4 .
rom manager will auto-load the list of available roms , yes . you will still have to look in that list and see whether cm is there .
i found the answer here - it is a matter of adding qemu.hw.mainkeys=1  to /system/build.prop ( root required ) .
there are two ways known to me how this could be achieved : using a launcher which supports this there are several launchers available on google play which let you configure the grid size of your homescreen as well as of your app drawer . one of those is apex launcher , which i use myself . another example is go launcher ex , which i run on another device . i am pretty sure a load of other launchers does this as well . edit : holy whatever . if that is not enough , take a look at lighning launcher . grid size ? what grid ? who needs a grid ? icon size , font size , orientation -- feel free to design your own homescreen ! and now , for the size of the package . sitting ? 200 kb ( still looking for the hook ) , working with android 1.6 and up . truly amazing ! ah , and what comes below : multi-whatever is already included . widgets in folders ? no problem , either . . . well , that bunch of features must need permis . . . what ? only usb-storage ? can not believe . . . i just sent it to one of my devices to take a closer look : ) using " multi-widgets " there are some sort of " widget expanders " out there , which pick 4 ( or more ) widgets and combine them into one " compressed widget " . one example for this group is multicon widget . zoom and then there is zoom , from the dev of tasker ( with which it even integrates ) . according to its description , this also should be an option : unique on any computer : design your own homescreen widgets to do whatever you like ! position , size and overlay elements in the drag-and-drop editor . two views : full-zoom for easier editing , actual-size for previewing .
no , you cannot block that , unfortunately ! you can either switch to 2g ( which saves battery ) or continue with 3g . cannot have it both ways ! the telephony signal is deep within android itself and no way of messing with that ! not alone that , android picks up that radio signal strength from the heart of the silicon on chip ( s-o-c ) where the base-band radio firmware resides in and is off-limits and proprietary .
yes , the phone should behave same as without physical keyboard until you open the physical keyboard which will cause hiding the virtual one .
it is not entirely clear from your question what exactly you mean by " tracking " . if you only wish to record a log of where the device has been ( so you can look at it later , or retrace your own steps ) , then you do not need any internet access for that . the device just receives the gps signal , calculates its position , and saves that position to a file every so often . there are many apps that can do this : some of them are intended for sports , and offer features like finding your top speed , or comparing your time over a certain route with your friends ; others are designed for making your own maps , or geotagging photos made on a real camera . however , it sounds like you might want different devices to tell each other their positions , using something like google maps " location sharing " , so that you can find where family members are right now . obviously that would require internet access ( whether that is 3g or wi-fi ) so the devices can communicate with each other . the gps receiver is exactly that : it receives signals from satellites to determine its position , without transmitting anything . gps only tells you where you are , not where anyone else is .
i am going to say no . from the article you linked , egnos is primarily designed for airborne use and has limited ground applications . egnos looks to be designed more for commercial applications ( e . g . embedded navigation systems in vehicles , airline , etc . ) , not so much consumer devices nexus one 's gps is provided from the qualcom qsd8250 " snapdragon " chip ( specs ) . the specs for that chip do not mention any waas capabilities . furthermore , there are not any qualcom chips listed on the egnos registered devices list . if i am wrong about the chip , then it should just be a matter of software to enable it . i have not seen anything like that in the android source , but that does not mean it is not hiding there or in some third party bolt-on . what the nexus does use to improve both response time and accurace is a-gps ( assisted gps ) . this basically just means it us using the presence of other location clues ( cellular towers , wifi networks , etc ) to help triangulate a better/faster position . you can see this in action with the google maps application . if you have gps enabled and wifi disabled and open the maps application , it will prompt you to turn on wifi , even if you are not connected to a network . it uses a location database of wifi hotspots to help get a fix on your position , similar to skyhook
from a google search for " mms creation mode " i found this ( among others ) which says : • mms creation mode — select restricted to have your device prevent you from including content in multimedia messages that may not be supported by the network or the receiving device . to receive warnings about including such content , select guided . to create a multimedia message with no restrictions on attachment type , select free . if you select restricted , creating multimedia presentations is not possible .
funnily enough , as i just noted here i believe that the app is just buggy and unreliable . there is no reason for the individual device to determine whether the application can do something like push notifications . android 's cloud to device messaging requires 2.2 or higher , and the facebook post notes that that is what they require as well , so i assume that is what they are using . c2dm works perfectly fine for other apps so the only reasonable explanation is that the facebook app does not work properly . the app was updated recently and does work better for many users , though , so make sure you have the latest version . there are no settings related to push messages in the app or in the accounts and sync settings . regular sync is every 3 hours at most , which seems infrequent to me &mdash ; my blackberry allows updates every half hour .
it could be your number being " blacklisted " on your wife 's phone . there are a lot of apps on the playstore offering this feature , and some android versions can do so on their own ( just configure the contact in your contacts list correspondingly ) . so here 's what you could do : check with your sim card placed in some other phone ( if that option exists ; at least here in europe we can move the sim card around ) . your call should be still blocked/routed to voicemail then , so you know the issue is not with your phone ( e . g . dialing some prefix/postfix ) check your wife 's phone for installed apps like advanced call blocker etc . check your wife 's phonebook ( errm , or let her check ; ) for your record there and see whether it is blacklisted . if unsure , just delete it temporarily , then call her again . at least cyanogenmod lets you manage a separate blacklist . with cm , it is found in the call settings . check whether your number made it into this place . if the problem still exists , repeat step 1 . with your wife 's phone ( again , if possible ) my guess is either 2 . , 3 . , or 4 . will reveal the cause .
sms is tied in with gsm telephony standard , so the answer to your question is no . but what you can do , is use viber , whatsapp to send something similar to sms ( not the gsm variety ! ) to each party provided they have the appropriate app installed .
in ics and jb , you should find this option in Settings \u2192 Security in a section called " device administration "
as long as you reflash both the boot partition and the system partition it will take you back to a stock version of android . the kernel is packed in the boot image , so that will overwrite a custom one , but a system image alone will not . you could also choose to flash back to a stock recovery , but that has no real bearing on the android system itself and custom recoveries are much more robust , so i would personally not recommend reflashing recovery .
only the main user ( owner ) has access to Developer Options . related question : stackexchange-url
this post from xda-developers will help you if her phone is rooted .
use evernote . it features cloud sync and it lets you access your notes from almost all platform . you can create audio notes directly from homescreen using its widget , too .
installing cwm recovery cwm recovery for the thinkpad tablet can be found on xda . you need root on your tablet to install cwm recovery . download the recovery image ( recovery.img ) and follow the instructions provided by the post . it basically comes down to pushing the image file on the sdcard and overwriting the boot partition . push the recovery image to the sdcard adb push recovery.img /mnt/sdcard/  get root adb shell su  remount /system and backup install-recovery.sh ( optional ) mount -o rw,remount /system mv /system/etc/install-recovery.sh /system/etc/install-recovery.sh.backup  overwrite the boot partition dd if=/mnt/sdcard/recovery.img of=/dev/block/mmcblk0p1  entering/booting cwm recovery on the thinkpad tablet shut down your thinkpad tablet press the power button until the tablet vibrates keep pressing and releasing the volume up button until you see Booting Recovery Kernel Image in the upper left corner . it is all about timing of when the volume up button is pressed . that is why it is a good idea to just keep on pressing and releasing the button until the message appears .
there is a dedicated android app available now for delicious from avos .
so , to avoid a hanging question : using the new rom for almost two months . tried the original stock baseband i5500bvjjp7 but it felt overall worse , so i went back to i5500luyjpe . now any issue is rare . . . it is weeks since i last noticed a random restart , my phone reports over 160h uptime ( not 100% reliable , i have seen it not restart after a crash ) , and wifi is most of the time fast to get in ip . in the end , as things improved with a new rom , i suppose the issues are due to small quirks of the rom itself . should improve over time .
finally found the solution . you have to fix the card first ( which also means you can get back any data on the card ) . on a windows box i ran chkdsk . start -> cmd -> chkdsk e : /f then set the partition up as fat32 , a 32gb partition . i did this on an ubuntu box , for no other reason than that is my normal os . after popping the card back in the phone it was picked up and is being reported as 59.43gb i tried a few things before i found the solution : http://exceptionallyexceptionalexceptions.blogspot.co.uk/2012/12/s3-mod.html
unfortunately i could not find my google maps editor either . i can not read google 's future and could not find any indication of such a feature but google 's my tracks does allow you to upload a map to your maps but i am pretty sure you will actually have to run/walk/bike/move-in-some-way over the course you want to map . i also did a google search for " my maps editor apk " and looks like you can still find the apk somewhere ( i will leave that to the you ) but i can not say if it will work or not and you should always be careful downloading apps from unofficial sources .
just tested and servestream can open . pls files to play online radio ( looks like deadbeef player and stream furious can as well . . when you click on the . pls link it should be an option to open with after it is installed . opening a web-linked . pls : then servestream opens the . pls file :
press the menu key on the remote , and then select " edit home screen icons " or something to that extent ( wording could be different , i am going by my sony google tv unit . ) now highlight ( using the arrow keys ) and click on the empty box on the home bar vacated by the app you have just removed , and a pop-up should appear with all installed apps and bookmarks listed . selecting any of them will place it on the home bar .
curently there is no such official support and the sdk does not allow third party apps to encrypt calls , but if you use a sip client , the call can be encrypted depending on the sip client`s features .
Settings | About phone | System updates it should let you know that there is an update available . if you still have the update . zip file on your sd card , these instructions should do it : http://geekword.net/manually-install-froyo-htc-desire step 1: download the android 2.2 firmware for the desire from here . step 2: rename the file update . zip and copy it to your microsd card via usb . [ note : make sure the file is named update . zip and not update . zip . zip . ] step 3: power down your desire . step 4: hold down the “volume down” button as you power the phone back on . step 5: a screen should appear showing your phone’s system searching for various files . scroll down to “recovery” and press the “power” button . step 6: when you see the triangle with an exclamation point symbol , press the “power” and “volume up” buttons at the same time . step 7: from the menu that appears , select “apply sdcard:update . zip . ” step 8: when the screen displays “install from sdcard complete” select “reboot system now” and wait for the phone to power back up .
in my phone ( moto g running 4.4.4 ) this symbol appears when the phone is set to use " high accuracy mode " ( i.e. . use the gps rather than wi-fi/phone network for location ) and some app requests the location .
you may drag n drop the icons . a maximum of six is allowed
but other more limited apps ( an overly powerful calculator ? ) could fulfill the purpose well enough . how about a ti-83 , ti-85 , or a ti-86 calculator ? if you know how to use any of these calculators , then you should be able to do what you want on you android device via these calculator emulators . on a ti-83 ( what i am familiar with ) , you can go to stat --> edit : and enter your x points on l1 and y points on l2 . you can then use options under calc to determine the function that the points follow . if you want to show the plots on the graph , you have to press 2nd + y= ( to get stat plot ) and enable plot1 for l1 and l2 . then go to graph and it should show your points .
try openbts . you will need a faraday cage and a couple thousand dollars in hardware , but you can control all interactions between the phone and your base station . you will need a license to run a base station outside of a faraday cage . harald welte 's blog is a good one to follow if you are interested in gsm as a low-level protocol . the " sms of death " presentation at chaos computer club one year used this sort of setup to test sms buffer overflows .
this does sound like a network ( carrier ) issue , however , do you have any applications that intercept text messages ? if so , uninstall it , and see if that helps . edit : i just got this issue on an ics rom . what i think it could be - your network holds the text , and tries to send it if your phone is turned off , or has no signal . it then tries to send them . after it has sent , the network does not actually realise it , and sends it again .
install screen lock bypass ( free ) from web interface of play store . it'll not reset/remove your pin , but unlock your device on each reboot . if you want to permanently reset/remove pin , you will have to purchase its pro version . in the last , you can always factory reset your device if these apps are not working for you . factory reset wipes out all custom configurations including pin/security lock .
without root it is up to the developer of the particular application , and chances are there are not enough note 3s out there to justify it . there is an s-pen sdk from samsung there are lists ( but these will often be out of date in no time ) like this best s-pen apps out there . with root access there is a way to open any app in pen window mode first , make sure you are rooted with busybox installed . second , make a backup . third , just download penwindowmanager_v1 . apk and install as normal . finally , just tick the apps you want and do not forget to press the save button . a soft reboot maybe required for the changes to take effect .
here 's here 's [ tnx @gathrawn ] a free app that claims to be able to do that .
do you have google goggles installed ? it is required still for that feature to work in google now .
look in /system/media/audio/ringtones . the notifications folder one level up contains the notification tones .
well i have got a workaround but not a permanent fix for this problem . i did a clean re-install and then do not restore any backed up data through go backup/titanium backup app . then i do not get that suspicious shutdown every time in a day , but after 2-3 days yes you will . : (
if you do not want use 3rd party apps : this requires decent computer skills and a rooted phone , but here are the steps for android 2.3 gingerbread . copy /system/home . apk from your phone to pc . decompile home . apk using apktool . goto [ decompiled folder ] /res/values/integer . xml change &lt;integer name="number_of_desktop_panes"&gt;5&lt;/integer&gt; , to 7 or whatever you want . save it , and compile the apk using apktool . copy it back to phone i.e. to /system , change its permissions to -rw-r-r .
turns out it was a problem with the dns servers my dhcp was serving up . the first two were local dns servers . i do not know why they were not working for android ( they worked fine for the laptop computers ) , but as soon as i replaced the second local dns server with a remote dns server , things started working . it also appears that android only pays attention to the first two servers given by dhcp since i had other servers listed after my local server . it seems kind of fishy that only the android phones had problems with the local dns server . i would not mind finding out what the underlying problem is , but changing the dns servers is an acceptable workaround .
android shuts down your os before it actually becomes completely flat , in order to ensure it has enough power to do so safely and completely ( which is why you can power it back up again , but then it shuts itself off again ) . over time , your battery does need to be recalibrated as the system stats on battery usage get wonky and the battery itself will not store as much of a charge as it could . for most phones , the proper procedure is : let the phone run until it shuts itself off . without turning the phone on , plug it in and let it fully charge up . unplug , turn the phone on and let it run flat again . battery and battery stats are now recalibrated . deleting batterystats . bin is not generally necessary . you should find your battery lasting much longer now ( i know this works well on my samsung sk4g - i go from not being able to last the day to being able to last a full day and night ) if memory serves , one is supposed to recalibrate one 's battery like this every 30-90 days .
go to settings > Apps > click on the app that is being used as your default messaging medium ( google voice in your case ) > press Clear defaults .
your hypothesis is correct . it is like transferring files over ftp : the receiving computer needs to run a server that understands the right protocol . to receive files you probably want a server that understands the object exchange protocol ( obex ) or object push protocol ( opp ) . our sister site ask ubuntu has an answer about receiving files , which may help you out . if you need any further help setting up your ubuntu laptop , they will be able to help if you ask a question there .
after switching to android 2.2 , it works better . when the icon appears , just click to continue , and after a few times it is done .
i have replaced the battery and updated to 4.1 and all is working fine .
kernels vary from manufacturer to manufacturer . a lot of those kernels come from the pure stock kernel line of sources found on caf , what these manufacturers do is take those stock sources , modify them to suit based on the board/chipset used , also , implement their own drivers . take a good look around you , there is variations of touchscreens , variations of wifi chipsets , not to mention , accelerometer , sensors , batteries , compass , sound , graphics . taking one kernel source from for example htc will not work on a samsung , and vice versa . the manufacturers are free to cherry-pick or out-source various bits that get incorporated into the circuit board . there is no hard or fast rules involved . hence the lot of hacking/modifications to get the kernel to work properly . you must not ever , compare to desktop linux distribution kernels in which it has pci , pci-express , sata , vga , svga , usb , ethernet as they are a totally different ball-park game . the major differences with centos and with android 's linux kernel is this - all drivers are compiled either as modules or built-in , hence any linux distribution will simply " work out of the box " . again , with desktop linux distributions - you have one architecture - x86 hence one linux kernel from say a dell pc , can work out of the box on a lenovo provided that the bog-standard drivers are compiled . do not forget , in the android world , there is variations of the kernel built for specific arm chipsets , such as armv6 , armv7 , there is tegra , there is exynos , and they are binary incompatible with one another . hence if a kernel is compiled for tegra , forget it , it will not work on armv7 ! the reason some kernels on android appear to be " broken " is down to the manufacturer . some ( zte is one very good example ) release a butchered source that may compile from source but fails to boot due to a missing driver that is not covered by the gplv2 or gplv3 licence . that is the problem , hence some hackers have to go scouring around github looking for some clues ; some manufacturers , if not all , do comply . the current incarnation of zte 's source is purportedly to be 2.6.35.7 , but in reality its actually 2.6.32.9 source base with a lot of modifications thus does not represent the true kernel source for 2.6.35.7 ! this is where the manufacturers have to release their respective sources , not just out of being compliant with gplv2 or later , but rather , for the community to be able to mod it , such as adding overclocking capabilities . hence there is hacking involved behind the scenes and a lot of messing about with drivers trying to get it to work , and its not easy to debug either . . some drivers may be cross-licensed , but cannot be distributed depending on the clause and conditions as negotiated . thankfully , that is all changed now with kernel 3 . x.x. line of sources , as android drivers are now integrated into the mainstream sources . but there is a gotcha ! try porting a 3 . x.x. kernel to an existing handset that is about 12-18 months old ; not a snowball 's chance in hell would it work , that is because , of the differing factors , the 3 . x . x sources is vastly different to the 2.6 . x source and would take a lot of hacking to get it working - i should know , have tried porting 2.6.38.6 source for the zte blade and failed . likewise , the latest kernel release 3.0.1 - when working on the ics4blade project over on modaco , have made numerous attempts to port it but that is down to the simple fact that zte made a very bad mess of the source which rendered porting nigh on impossible .
any cache can be cleared . clearing the cache will not remove app settings . read more from this closed question in stackoverflow ( should be migrated here ) : what is the difference between clear cache and clear data in android settings
according to the official design guide , notification icons are supposed to be white only . some apps do break the rules , so perhaps it is just that you had an app that used to have colourful icons but was updated to bring it into line with the rules .
no . unlocking your bootloader allows you to flash unsigned images to your device , but it does not ( in and of itself ) give you root permissions which you need to remove bloatware . however , having the ability to flash unsigned images makes it very easy to gain root via a custom recovery , so unlocking your bootloader can often greatly simplify the process . if you need instructions for getting root , there is a fairly exhaustive guide here .
i would assume it is because there are still phone numbers that are distributed with convenience letters ( e . g . " phonewords" ) in them , and there are probably still automated call answering programs that use them . the letters on the numpad far predate t9 . for the us specifically , wikipedia also has an article that explains the history of telephone numbers and the various ways that letters have been used over time ( it was different in other countries , but i can not find a detailed article for that at the moment ) .
in the skype app , press menu -> sign out , or use the sign-out button on the top-right corner of the app 's home screen , then confirm .
no , mobile broadband is called such specifically to distinguish it from a cell phone data plan . you might be able to trick them by claiming your phone is one of the tablets they support , but only if you can get all its info ( imei etc . ) beforehand and they accept it , rather than requiring you to bring in the device . however i believe they are able to detect this sort of trickery on a network level , even if you are not an existing customer and they know that your device is a phone . i would not expect it to work for long . i did a similar thing on t-mobile and my service was cut after 2 days .
answering my own question as found the solution . we can edit build . prop from mobile . i downloaded es file explorer which is free . then from optin set " root explorer " and set " mount system as read/write " now edit build . prop and save it using es file explorer 's editor then uncheck " root explorer " and " mount system as read/write " for safety . . hope it wil help someone : )
summing up from my comments above : how do signal boosters work ? they work by forcing the device to do a re-connect . though the device is permanently watching its neighborhood ( for the case the signal gets too weak ) , it does not switch for just a trifle . instead , it tries to weight the benefits against the costs : switching to a different cell has some signalling overhead to be considered . so if it is just for a trifle , it would not switch . but if the other signal source is twice as strong , for example , it would . and it certainly does switch once you lose signal , even if there is just a weak signal available to switch to . if it switches , it always choses the best and strongest signal available . and as i said , when you lose your signal it does switch : that is exactly the concept of the booster . by going to airplane mode , it makes you lose the signal , so switching on the radios makes the device connecting to the strongest signal . if your lucky , you see one more bar . if there was just one cell available , you just wasted juice . imho it is not really worth it , but everybody needs to decide that himself/herself . improvements are rather marginal/cosmetical in most cases , if at all . ways to boost without a booster well , if you followed my above writing , you might already have guessed it : long-press your power button , and select " airplane " , then do it again . or , open your notification bar and tap the plane icon , and repeat it . done . the difference is you need to do it manually – while the app at least partially automates it ( maximum one tap with the app , while 4 manually ) . further hints there are apps available which track cell signals . some do even track the neighboring cells ( most of them only work with selected devices ) . if you find one that does work with neigboring cells and your device , you should be able to tell the real numbers – and see if it would be worth to " boost " , or if it rather would be to " boast " : ) .
i ended up deleting my account and registering it again , and it worked , but this is a workaround . as pointed out by other people , the native mail app is buggy , so i started evaluating touchdown .
from the home screen , click the " all apps " button , then there is an app called downloads . by default , downloads are sorted most-recent-first , so the one you have just downloaded will be at the top . if even that method is one step too many , you can long-tap on the downloads icon in the apps menu , then drop it on the home screen to create a shortcut to that app . now you can open it from the home screen directly . additionally , if the wrong app opens a certain kind of file , you can stop that and go back to having a chooser to pick which app to open files with . open the settings app , then go to apps ( on some phones it is called applications manager ) . choose the offending app from the list : if it is a built-in app , you will need to swipe to to the all page . scroll down and click clear defaults . next time you open a file that would open with that app , you will get the chooser instead ( assuming you have another app installed that can open that kind of file ) .
you might want to consider another option here , if you want to use this for keepass password database . this will not work for other sensitive material , but since you asked specifically for keepass , here 's what i do : protect the database with the password ( i assume you have , already ) , and a key . this will give you a two-factor authentication ( "something you know " -- your password , and " something you have " -- your key ) . the password database can only be unlocked when both pieces are in place . copy the key to the local storage of all your devices , and give it some inconspicuous name . preferably put it in a crowded directory where it would seem like some configuration file or some random noise file created by a program . upload your database to a third-party storage service ( i use dropbox , but other options would work just as well ) . it goes without saying that the service should have an android client if you want to use it on your device . do not upload your key there -- use another method to copy it to the devices you need . dropbox in particular keeps a copy of the files you upload and then delete at least for a week for backup purposes ( quite convenient , i must admit ) , but if your key is on the server already , it is not more secure than a normal password-protected database . configure your keepass clients not to remember the location of the key ( remembering the location of the database is fine ) . in this way , you can upload your database to a random website , and even if your password gets compromised for some reason ( i.e. . keyboard loggers ) , you can only use the database from devices that have the key and now which file is actually the key . for convenience , you might want to have key-only authentication on a mobile device ( secure passwords are tedious to type on a mobile device , and you obviously do not want to use anything short and easy here ) . but i would recommend against this , as in this case the security is even lower than a password-protected database -- instead of a password you have in your head , you use a " password " ( the key file ) that is on your device . keepass does not give any hints whether it requires key , password or both -- which works to your advantage .
you can simply have the password typed in plain text . keep it inside a sms conversation , e-mail , note , or anywhere you like . nobody would know that is is your password since there is no indication to that matter in the place where the password is typed . when you are required to type the password in your browser , just select all by pressing ald holding the typed text and copy it . now go to the password field and touch and hold for a second or so and then a button named paste will appear . then simply touch that button . the password will be pasted into the filed . done ! !
this issue was resolved by reinstalling bigxie 's 4.1.1 rom from scratch ( with a full wipe ) . i suspect that fiddling around with titaniumbackup caused me to remove the system camera app , and for some reason this was not put in when i installed aokp + gapps . please note ! full wipe and complete reinstall of a rom that is missing the camera app will not help . therefore , choose a stock rom or a rom close to stock that you know include the camera system app . if this does not help , try reseting the phone completely to locked bootloader , unrooted stock rom and so on as you will probably want to return it anyway if the camera app is still gone in the stock installation : )
sending phone notifications to desktop work because there is a simple framework for the phones , and all your app as to do is listen for that event and echo the message to the desktop . the reverse is significantly harder because there is simply no unified notification framework yet . every app handles notifications differently . i have not written desktop apps for windows at that depths , but notice how most application icons on the taskbar light up when there is an event ? ( may not always be a valid notification ) . well , my first guess is that you had have to write a listener for that - assuming you are given that kind of access in the os in the first place . [ check out this so answer ] . once you have a listener in place , you can know when an app receives a notification . however , unless the app exposes a method to see what the notification is though the taskbar , it is unlikely that you can derive the contents . . .
there are two applications that come preloaded on the device which can do this for you , " fit " and " heart rate " . you can start these apps by saying " ok google " or tapping the screen to bring up search , followed by the command " start fit " or " start heart rate " which launch the corresponding app . heart rate 's sole purpose is to show this information , so the button to start monitoring will be available immediately . fit also tracks other fitness data , such as steps you have traveled , so you will need to swipe to the left once to get to the heart rate section and expose the button which will start the reading . both of these apps will request that you stay still for 10-15 seconds as a reading is taken , and it is important to note that they only measure your heart rate when you ask for it , there is not a passive reading being taken . as a shortcut , you can just tell google to " show me my heart rate " to skip the " start fit " or " start heart rate " commands as well as the button press to start the reading . this will automatically launch the default heart rate measuring app and start taking a reading . you can configure which app does this by default by using the android wear app on your connected device .
once a media file is downloaded from the whatsapp server it is indeed deleted the from the server . see this article : http://www.whatsapp.com/faq/general/28030002 the daily backups that other users are referring to only restore text and metadata content of messages . the media content ( eg : images and videos ) are stored on your device in a folder on the sdcard ( typically in a location such as : /sdcard/whatsapp/media/ ) and is not part of the daily backup and so must be retained in order for whatsapp to be able to find it . their are methods to restore files from flash media once deleted but this requires you to act quickly . i will not talk about this here since this is not your question .
if everything else fails ( and your comment above says you cannot set the volumes separately as needed ) , you could take a look at volume ace , which not only allows you to set all volumes separately 1 , but even lets you create profiles 3 switchable via widgets 2 : this enables you to always have the right volume settings according to the situation .
there is nothing which would prevent apps from modifying data files in-place . if they do not do so , then it is because the app developer decided so .
i have found out through searches that this is the sudden death syndrome ( sds ) which many have reported especially for samsung galaxy s3 . it was the motherboard that was broken and replacing it brought the phone back to life .
how to get into recovery mode unplug the usb cable . shut down the phone . hold down the ' home ' + ' volume up ' buttons and press the ' power ' button for about 5 seconds to enter recovery mode . how to get into download mode ( eg : for odin ) unplug the usb cable . shut down the phone . hold down the ' home ' + ' volume down ' buttons and press the ' power ' button for about 2 seconds until a warning ! screen appears . press the ' volume up ' button to enter download mode . to get out of download mode , simply press and hold the power button until the phone restarts .
a signature error is often caused by trying to install custom firmware ( the rom ) with the stock revovery . the stock recovery will only install a factory image for the device , signed by the manufacturer . this means you can only install stock firmware with it . so you need a custom recovery , something like clockworkmod or twrp recovery . note : do at your own risk , and ensure you have the correct device model for this ! downloads : this is the link to twrp for the galaxy s3 . this is the link to clockworkmod ( cwm ) recovery for galaxy s3 how to flash a new recovery with odin : step 1: prepare odin for flash make sure auto reboot and f . reset are checked , then click the pda button and load your . tar file . step 2: go into download mode on your gs3 you can do this by powering off your phone , and power back on by holding volume down + home + power . if you are on a custom rom , do not do this by holding the power button , select reboot , and select download mode . it can cause issues in certain models in odin . step 3: flash twrp press the start button on odin . then watch your phone do its thing and reboot . that is it , you now have the latest and greatest recovery available for the samsung galaxy s3 . before installing a new rom ensure you make a full nandroid backup in your new recovery . after you install the recovery , boot into it like before , then wipe cache / data and install your new rom .
o.k. i have resolved the issue by re-applying the ota update from sdcard with recovery mode .
the thief would , perform in this order of chances below are : throw away the sim card ( see below ) attempt to unlock boot-loader ( if its locked ) which results in wipe of /data and /cache pop in a sim card that does not have pin lock . if an incorrect pin is entered more than three times , a puk is needed ! now the chances of the thief walking into the carrier 's shop , asking for the puk code is very slim hence why number one ( in the above ) is done first , even if digging around trying to figure out what the number is . and furthermore , some , if not all , carriers have the handset , locked to the network in itself . sure they will get the imei and walk into a mobile shop that specializes in phone/network unlocking and get the handset freed from the carrier 's network . so it would be safe to say the sim card 's pin lock is secure somewhat !
i suspect the Sound recorder could be just a component that is used by several apps , such as Google Now and Voice Search . if you take a look at the list of apps , there are also others that can not be run directly , such as MusicFX , NFC Service , Search Applications Provider etc . , most of which take exactly the same amount of space , 12.00kb . note that this is just an assumption , i have no further proof .
i found a plugin ! when i first looked , i did not realize locale plugins were compatible with tasker . the plugin is called " locale gtalk plug-in " by billy francisco . i have a galaxy nexus with ics , and it appears to be working fine ; my status was set properly by a task . there is a nearly identically named app , " locale gtalk plug-in free " by willem stoker ; reviews warned it includes air push advertising , so i did not install or test it .
workaround found : wrap all aac files into matroska containers and usual music players start recognising them . mkvmerge some_music.aac -o some_music.mka 
as romain guy , one of the android engineers , stated in a stack overflow answer : no , you cannot move the honeycomb status bar , either via a setting or programmatically ( meaning it is not possible for an app to move it for you ) . you had have to modify and build the honeycomb source if you wanted to have any chance of accomplishing this . you could , however , try to find an emulator that lets you move the controls to the top of the screen . i recall seeing one that had this option , but i do not remember which one ( i think it may have been snes9x , but i am not positive ) .
the problem is with the s2e on 4.2.2 . i wiped everything , it worked . now i reinstalled s2e and it will not work . edit : main user had no access to write sd-ext . i created a code added init . d to set sd-ext with chmod 777 .
you can call between avd 's . run 2 avd , each will have diffrent number - it is placed on window title bar , example 5558 . call from one to other using this numbers . you can also text ; ] in your avd you simply cannot use real celluar network because your pc/mac do not have built-in gsm modem ( even if , avd is not supporting this kind of feature ) .
sprint tells me that i need to pay for a hot-spot plan for $30 , but there has to be a way around this besides rooting my phone and putting cyanogen on it . sprint clamped down and disabled the previously free built-in tethering with the latest update . if you want usb tethering you can try pdanet , but wifi tethering will almost certainly require you to root , as it does on other devices . even with root , you do not necessarily need to use cyanogenmod if you do not want to , though ; you could just as easily install a free tethering app ( one example ) . this has been covered here a lot , in fact , so you might want to take a look at any wifi tethering apps noted in other questions . see also : is there a way to enable wifi-tethering without root access ?
another thing that you may want to uncheck is the alerts for open wireless networks and forget all the networks your phone has already connected to , as most android phones are , by default , set up to re-connect to wireless networks they have already connected to . you can find these options , as matthew read said above , under settings > wireless and network .
having been reminded i asked this question , i did a bit of digging and it seems that this is a feature of the nexus one and really something i should have known ( or found quicker than i did ) . spec is at : http://www.gsmarena.com/htc_google_nexus_one-3069.php includes the line : - mp3/eaac+/wav music player . . . which notedly excludes wma . as others have suggested , this is nexus one specific and will require extra software to solve .
even though android beam and s beam serve similar purposes , they actually work very differently and are not compatible with one another . android beam uses nfc to pair your devices over bluetooth , then transfers files over the bluetooth connection . i believe it can also transfer very small pieces of data ( contacts , links , etc ) directly over nfc , as the ice cream sandwich version highlights page implies : for larger payloads , developers can even use android beam to initiate a connection and transfer the data over bluetooth , without the need for user-visible pairing . s beam , however , uses wi-fi direct to perform data transfers instead of bluetooth . their reasoning for doing this is that wi-fi direct offers faster transfer speeds ( they quote up to 300 mbps ) . therefore , this will only work with other s beam enabled devices , currently limiting it to communication between two galaxy s3s . however , the sgs3 also supports android beam , so you can use that to transfer something between a gnex and an sgs3 . here is a tutorial on sprint 's website ( should be essentially the same for other versions of the sgs3 ) .
there is an app in the google play store called advanced home button . although this app will not allow you to directly configure home button 's single press , this may allow you to replace the double-tap which is configurable . however , this app does mean replacing your default launcher ( in your case , adw launcher ) . you , may , though , try it out whatsoever and see if it helps your issue . edit : there have been many negative responses on the app saying the app causes issues with the home button . so you need to be careful while installing such an app .
actually the bad news is that everyone has the same problem . its dead slow ! ! . try using the intel based emulator ( instead of the arm-7 ) and download the haxm software that intel provides . its available for the mac too . you can download the intel based emulator and the haxm software ( only for windows i guess ) from the sdk manager .
microsd is generally hot swappable ( unlike sim card ) , but this thing screws things up . first , turn off the device . remove old microsd . clone it including .android_secure . insert new microsd while device is off . then , boot the device .
no , official or custom firmware are only to be used with the device specified in its name using a different phone model may result in your hard bricking your phone is there a reason why you want to use a different phone model firmware over your own ?
the superuser website explains it as such : ghost mode – hide superuser from your app tray and home screen . with ghost mode activated , the only way to launch it is by dialing a secret code into the dialer . the default secret code is *#*#787378737#*#* , but it can be set to whatever you want . note that this feature will probably be disabled if your device does not have a dialer ( tablets specifically ) .
after photos are added , they need to be scanned by the media-scanner before they will show up in gallery and other apps . normally , the app that creates the photo asks the media scanner directly to add the new photo , but in this case , because you have removed the . nomedia yourself , nothing has yet triggered the file to be scanned . you can find apps to trigger the rescan on google play , but be careful if your phone has kitkat or later : android changed the way media rescanning works , to save battery , so apps written for earlier android versions simply will not work on kitkat . alternatively , if the folder in question is on removable storage , simply remove it and then add it again , and android will re-scan the whole filesystem .
unless the rom is specifically designed to allow some kind of default set-up ( and i do not know any that are ) , you can only do this by building the rom yourself from source . you can edit the build scripts to remove any apps or features you do not need , and the source code to change the default settings , then compile a rom image yourself . you do not say why you are flashing a rom every few hours . obviously if you are flashing different roms , changing the source each time is going to be harder than just setting the settings on the device . if it is essentially the same rom you are flashing each time , then you can keep your settings across flashes by simply not wiping the userdata partition when you flash the new rom . bear in mind that if the roms are significantly different , this may make the new rom unstable , because it is trying to use settings files that were written by the old rom .
the galaxy tab is pretty much like any other android device . you can transfer images to it , but not directly from , say , your camera . it does not have usb ports on it for external devices , like thumb drives . connecting to a nas , out of the box , also really is not possible . the device does not support mounting nas ( nfs and cifs ) out of the box . you could use some file manager applications that do support samba , like astro file manager . but you would have to copy the file to the tab before you can watch a video or listen to the mp3 for example . with that said , it would be possible , if rooted , to install the modules needed to mount nas shares . i have done this with my galaxy s device . the advantage of being able to mount the share on the system level , i no longer have to copy the files over to the device , since the shares are mounted on the device , it " thinks " they are actually on the device .
found a solution , follow the link and download version "4.4.811h . 526848" . install the old version and pin the last added playlist , then use the play store to update to the latest version . your last added playlist will now be pinned , when you update there is no still no pin icon but it is pinned .
this is not a rumor : the notification history is a true feature from android 4.3 , although they do not make any mention of it in their what is new page . the following steps will allow you to take advantage from the notification history in a vanilla android jelly bean 4.3: go to your app drawer , then tap the widgets tab . scroll until you reach settings shortcut ( 1x1 ) widget . drag and drop this widget to your home screen . you will see a screen where you can select the type of settings this shortcut will open . select notifications . the shortcut notifications will be in your home screen , tap it . the screen notifications shows the notification history we are talking about . in this screen currently active notifications appear in full intensity , while dismissed ones are dimmed . tapping in each notification from this screen will open the corresponding app info screen , where you will be able to toggle the option show notifications as you wish . remember : if you turn off notifications for an app , its icon will disappear from the status bar , all its notifications will be dimmed in the notification history screen , and you may miss important notifications about this app from now on . only do this if you are completely sure .
if you do a cat /proc/filesystems you should notice tmpfs . so if you have access to the mount command , you shoud be able to create a directory ( mkdir MYDIRECTORY ) mount a tmpfs-filesystem there ( mount -t tmpfs tmpfs MYDIRECTROY ) per default a tmpfs-mount will use halv of the available ram on your system . so rather than " auto-growing " you can think of it as " auto-shrinking " - i.e. the more you use it , the less ram will be available . in the worst case your system might start swapping ( which you do not want ) . you can use options to use a different ram-size for that mount .
you can see a list of all apps in Settings -&gt; Apps ( or Applications ) and then select the All tab to see factory-installed apps in addition to downloaded apps .
did you have the required baseband and did you use cwm recovery to install the zip file ? if yes , flash the stock rom again and root the phone , intall cwm and install v2 zip file first and then v2.5 . i have been using cosmic rom v2.5 from the past one month and do not have any issues . you seem to be having issues only because of some goof up during installation . http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2503230 he has given the . bin file for the supported baseband . flash it via odin .
you can long-press on the letter q to quickly change language on swype
there is a forum post at xda-developers which details a fairly involved and definitely for the faint at heart . however , do not follow that guide , it is included only for posterity , and there is an easier way to skin your particular cat . at this point , cue the huge disclaimer that a lot of things might go wrong when doing this , and always be sure to follow the instructions as closely as possible . when in doubt , ask . also , while this guide probably will not change much between versions of the recovery tool , always read the official documentation first and use this as a handy checklist . revolutionary whiskey tango foxtrot is revolutionary ? brought to you by the same guys that worked on unrevoked and alpharev which have been traditionally used to root htc devices , revolutionary is a new s-off and recovery tool for next-generation devices . the list of currently supported devices is here . okay , what do i need to do ? download revolutionary . versions for windows and linux are available . windows users : download and install also these fastboot drivers . when downloading , also request a beta key . select your device type , and put in your serial number . if you are running the stock rom , your device s/n should be in Settings-&gt;About Phone-&gt;Phone Identity-&gt;Device Serial Number . if you are running a custom rom , this number might not be there , so you can either check the box your device came from , or ( better ) find it on a sticker below your battery . it is a good idea to also write this down somewhere for future reference . you can find the hboot version of your device , in case there are several , by booting it into recovery mode : turn your device off , then turn it on while holding simultaneously the volume down key and the power button . the hboot version should be visible somewhere on the recovery screen . okay , now you have everything you need . make a backup of your phone . no , seriously , make a backup of your sd card and any application information you had like to keep . contacts , smses , and everything you can think of . better safe than sorry . there are free tools on the market that can help you . if you are going to install custom roms , now would be the time to copy them to the device 's sd card . extract the revolutionary archive in a convenient location on your computer , and run the executable ( revolutionary or revolutionary.exe , depending on your platform ) . connect your device to the computer . remember to enable usb debugging when doing so ( Settings-&gt;Applications-&gt;Development ) . when prompted for the beta key , supply what your key , and then follow the instructions on screen ( basically , confirm a few times that you do indeed know what you are doing ) . it might take a few minutes , and your device will reboot a few times . it worked , and my phone 's not even bricked ! welcome to the club ! flash a snazzy new rom like a king , and enjoy responsibly your newly-gained privileges . some things you might want to do , though : before doing anything else , make a backup of your stock rom from the recovery mode , in case you had like to restore it later ( for example , to take advantage of the device warranty , or when selling it ) . if you are only after a root without installing a custom rom , then you will also need to install the superuser application from the recovery . if you had rather flash a custom rom , you will not need this , most roms also includes superuser as a part of their base install . for information how to install your rom of choice , consult the documentation supplied by the rom vendor .
.zip files are generally flashable from recovery , odin 's .tars are indeed a completely different format . if flashing a kernel you can convert them relatively easily ( thought i will not get into it here ) but it will not work for a whole rom . you will need to find an odin package . xda is your best bet , but see also : where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ?
following an ota upgrade to android 4.1.1 , this problem appears to have been fixed . on unlocking , the clock widget immediately shows the correct system time .
per this : . . . the first letter is the release family ( e . g . kitkat ) , second letter is the branch code ( release or testing ) , and the next three characters indicate date code ( quarter beginning in q1 2009 , day number within quarter ) .
sounds like a hardware problem to me , like the internal power supply . fixing would probably require a change of the logic board . if the device is still under warranty , i would just return it as defective .
from the home screen hit the menu button and go to settings > applications > manage applications . make sure yo are in the " all applications " tab so you see the system apps and choose " contact storage " and click " clear data " . this will delete all your contacts without disturbing anything else .
i did some research and found out that this was pre-installed either by huawei , or my telecom , as it resided in /cust/tata/in/app . the notepad app is too bad as it does not allow anything else other than adding and deleting notes . i solved my problem by manually opening each and every one of the notes , selecting all of them , tapping " copy " and then going to a file manager to open a text file . i then pasted it there , and saved them one by one .
xda has reported that the bootloader is unlocked , and custom kernels have successfully been flashed to the sgsii .
short answer : yes and no . using three accounts will not run the battery down in itself : by far the bigger factor is how much activity there is . to take an example , gmail uses push messages ( via google cloud messaging , gcm ) to notify your phone of new mail , so the phone does not have to repeatedly poll the server for new messages for each account . because of this , adding a new account that never gets any email will have hardly any effect on battery use . otoh , doubling the amount of email you get will have a much bigger effect , because gcm is waking up your phone twice as often . while adding a new account makes little difference on its own , you are probably adding the account because it is going to get mail , so you will end up using the battery more . the same applies to other services too . even for anything that does poll instead of using gcm , android is clever enough to do all the polling tasks at the same time , to avoid repeatedly waking up your phone . this means that checking two accounts uses a little more battery than checking one , but less than twice as much : again , the amount of work it is doing each update ( how much data it is fetching ) is a bigger factor . to address your particular situation , i would guess that the background updates on your phone are not using nearly as much battery as the foreground things you are doing . do not forget you check the battery use of each app in the device settings .
yes many people experienced problems . have a look at : http://www.google.com/support/forum/p/google+mobile/thread?tid=1c21a7e3690388b0hl=en where a google employee is asking for information on the problems people are having and asking them to submit bug reports . here 's the generic bug report link for nexus s with ics : http://support.google.com/mobile/bin/request.py?contact_type=android_bugreport
you could perhaps download a font from the google play store ? i have seen some fonts packs up there . e.g. https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.develop.plugin.fontfeature=search_result#?t=w251bgwsmswyldesimnvbs5kzxzlbg9wlnbsdwdpbi5mb250il0 . some of these will more than likely require your device be rooted . or you can change the size of your phone 's font . to do that go to settings\display\font , you should be ably to manipulate the font . was not much to go on so i hope this helps .
on xda , in the user profile of astarioth , there is a link mentioned in the " most thanked " tab : https://dl.dropbox.com/s/vprplelu9zx7s2o/kindle_fire_usb_driver.rar?dl=1 ( and this is the xda post thanked for ) . the name of the .rar archive suggests it holds your wanted drivers -- and the quote [ . . . ] uninstall your old kindle usb driver and install this one . confirms my guess : ) now , why did not you find it in your sdk directory , you might ask ? guess that is as it goes with apples and peaches . you assumed google 's android sdk -- while amazon has its own android sdk . and that line most likely referred to the latter , while you have the former installed . also only a guess -- but i would say i guessed right again ? you might want to read setting up your development environment , take a special look at the section installing sdk add-ons . if you work with eclipse , this gives you another source to get to the kindle drivers .
apparently , droidx uses ecryptfs following are mount options on /data/data : rw,nosuid,nodev,noatime,nodiratime,ecryptfs_sig=****************, ecryptfs_cipher=aes,ecryptfs_key_bytes=32,ecryptfs_passthrough  i would imagine this means that encryption key here is 32 bytes , which is 256 bits , which seems pretty good to me .
as a final resort , i tried doing a full wipe and reinstalling cm10 m1 completely , without restoring any settings or apps from any old installations . the issue still persists ! any files created with my now " old " cm10 installation no longer appear , even when they are moved within a folder where other " new " files are shown and working . switching back to aokp also did not solve the issue , so the issue does not only persist over reinstalls of cm but also across roms . what finally solved this issue for me was reformatting my /sdcard partition with the newest version of cwm recovery . this might not be a very clean solution , but in my case i needed to clean up the sdcard anyway . if formatting is not an option , try the other answer posted here regarding .nomedia files , i had no success with it as i was unable to find those files .
download apex launcher-- it has full support for themes and transitions , icons , etc- for icon packs , " adw icons " is a good keyword to use- since apex will use adw icons .
afaik there is no built-in method to achieve that personalization . i would go with apex launcher by android does available from google play store , to use with android 4.0+ , it is free and among the features you will find : customizable homescreens and grid size scrollable dock infinite and elastic scrolling customizable app and folder icons multiple drawer styles drawer apps sorting hide apps from the drawer enjoy homescreen gestures backup/restore settings and data apex launcher homescreen settings : other features can be found if you go pro .
it seems that there was a network problem or gmail was blocked in my office which was making the server not respond and giving exception -> couldn't open connection to server. . i tried at home with my wifi and it worked finally .
if you have a samsung phone , some of them have separate " internal " and " external " sd storage . if it is on the external sd card , then you need this adress : file:///sdcard/external_sd/yourapp . apk
/data/property/persist.sys.dalvik.vm.lib contains the name of the runtime library you wish to use - libart.so or libdvm.so . so , you can switch back to dalvik like so : adb shell 'echo libdvm.so &gt;/data/property/persist.sys.dalvik.vm.lib' source
your phone is almost certainly not permanently bricked . chances are you can boot into recovery to flash a new rom . worst case , you will have to flash the phone back to stock with rsd lite . that said , there is really no way to unroot the phone or flash a stock rom without having to re-install your apps . you can try flashing a stock rom without wiping data and cache ( or doing a factory reset ) , but it is probably not going to work very well . the major apps for restoring 3rd party apps and their data , like titanium backup , require root . you can use other avenues to re-install apps ( like appbrain ) , but you will have to reconfigure them by hand if you are not rooted . since you say you are having problems , this might be the safest course of action for a large # of your apps anyway . it is just a bear to lose complex configurations or progress in games . since your're already in trouble , the course of action i would recommend is using rsd lite to flash the latest sbf availble -- frg22d in your case . it is available for download from peter alfonso 's site . your phone will update to frg83 via ota . flashing the sbf will wipe all your phone 's data . you may even need to reactivate your phone with verizon , but that is not difficult to do ( just dial *228 and press 1 ) . this will not wipe your sd card , so things like backups you have or pictures/videos/downloads on the sd card will be safe . despite the dire warnings or bricking one 's phone , as long as you do not do something foolish like unplug the phone ( or pull battery ) in the middle of flashing ( or have bad luck with a power outage ) , you should be ok . using sbf to root and unroot @ droidforums if you can still boot into recovery , you can flash the stock roms from there and accomplish nearly the same thing -- though i am not sure it will do things like update baseband . unroot w/o sbf @ droidforums the droidforums guides are very thorough , and their rescue squad group is very helpful .
they are all electromagnetic waves with different wavelengths . there had been no scientific evidence that they are dangerous in the power level used in common appliances , and many researches shows no evidence of danger in the short term studies , however many countries adopts the precautionary approach and advises people to minimize exposure just in case since long term study and study in children has not been conclusive yet ( these kind of studies takes a very long time since they follow their subjects for decades ) , although preliminary results suggests that long term effect may also be of no danger . you are probably more likely to be killed in a car accident then getting a cancer due to mobile phone radiation .
i have ended up using tasker , it is trivial to create a task to kill a specific application ( google chrome ) , than add a shortcut ( widget ) to that task on the screen . edit : i have actually created a task that not only kills chrome , but restarts it afterwards as well , all in one click :
try starting it in safe mode and see if the led still acts up . . link - http://www.myvusers.com/forums/samsung-galaxy-nexus/10880-safe-mode-galaxy-nexus-samsung.html
yes , you can connect an android phone to a tv or a computer monitor . at least if you have a new enough tv or monitor , and not a ten year old tv like i do . :- ) my android phone came with a hdmi cable to use when connecting phone to tv . i have connected it many times to my computer however , using a mini usb cable . but i would be able to use the hdmi as well , depending on what i want to do . i am for sure no expert , but i have a sony ericsson experia arc s and i have used it for over a year . i hope that this answer is good enough to offer some help . for newer phone , you may wish to use the following : micro usb to hdmi® mhl adapter reference link : http://www.monoprice.com/products/product.asp?c_id=108cp_id=10833cs_id=1083314p_id=8675seq=1format=2 video link : http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embeddedv=p5tjl_a_wcc in the reference link , it include information such as compatible mobile devices ( which you can retrieve from this link - http://www.mhlconsortium.org/workarea/downloadasset.aspx?id=5055 )
head to settings -> apps -> all -> internet -> clear defaults . next time you do a search or open a link , you will be given a choice of which app you want to open it with . select chrome and put a tick in the " make default " checkbox and that should make chrome the default browser .
if you disable the Off-road mode in opera then it plays the video rather than downloading it .
i had the same issue . so , after a lot of work and tests , i have discovered that what was causing the issue was the prey app . do you have the pray app ( or similar ) installed on your device , perhaps ? after i have removed it , the dialer came back to work normally . hope it helps .
no , there is no common shortcut to close/exit any program . the " android way " is to let the os decide when to actually close/exit an application . just hit the " home " button or the " recent apps " buttons to switch to another application when you are done with the current application , or tap the physical power button to turn off the screen . the os will take responsibility for deciding when to suspend and when to terminate a background application . it generally does a good job of this , but some people cannot stand this behavior and so install task manager applications to explicitly terminate background applications .
open the camera app and press the button that looks like a camera with a circular arrow under it . ( original picture from this article about ics on thetechlabs.com )
i am not sure it would be legal for them to discriminate on warranty just because a phone is rooted . however , there are some " void your warranty " things you could do when rooted ( such as overclock way high , etc ) . you might find a tool on xda to restore an original rom , i did once for a bricked phone . they may have such a tool in-store too .
the answer is . . . it depends . as a rough equivalent between android and windows pcs : ram = ram internal storage = c : drive external storage = d : drive etc . . . allocation of ram works differently in android , vs . say windows or unix . the usual notion of more is better does not necessarily correlate here . as i understand it , it is diminishing returns once you go beyond what is required . android basically tries to keep the apps/files you use most cached in ram . swapping in and out as it finds necessary . once you are beyond what is needed , then it seems like android just starts caching random and useless things . that is why if you use a task manager on your phone there always seems to be " stuff " running that you might feel inclined to just kill and free ram . . . but there is a lot of debate that says you should leave it alone and let the android os handle it . as for internal storage , i personally go for the biggest i can get in my budget . the android os files go there , all your settings , music , photos , and apps by default are installed here . nowadays though internal storage offerings from manufacturers are larger and larger and options to put files on external storage are getting better and better . considering today 's offerings and requirements , i would personally suggest when buying a new phone to get : at least 1gb , 2gb preferred ( as new apps with more bells and whistles come out , their ram footprint also increases . 2gb is still probably way more than most average people need , but it is quickly becoming the standard on newer phones anyway . ) internal storage at least 16gb ( again , as new apps come out with more bells and whistles and cameras with higher megapixels and recording high definition movies , they all keep demanding more space . the more you have now , the less you will have to deal with later if you have to start cleaning up or moving things off to external ) get whatever the cheapest option offered with the phone ( if it is offered ) ( buying the external storage from a 3rd party is much less expensive and likely faster and more reliable ) .
no . if you have a custom recovery that supports adb / root , you can boot into it and use adb to remount /system as read-write and push the missing file over . but otherwise you do not have access to most of the phone .
look in /system/app/ for com.sonyericsson.extras.liveware.apk or similar . remove it and any . odex file with the same name if present and that should get rid of it . ( note that i have no idea if this is required by the system or will otherwise screw up your phone , so do it at your own risk . )
have you enabled searchify as a ' searchable item ' under the global search settings ?
try bluestacks and tell us how it goes .
google play services is a library used by other google and third-party apps . it allows apps to use : google maps layers to show maps in other apps google+ sign-on and sharing the new google+ gaming functionality for match-making , leaderboards , and to store saved games " in the cloud " google cloud messaging to sync data from the internet to your device efficiently location services to set up " geo-fences " so they can respond to locations and activities more efficiently than if they accessed your location directly it is a lot of functionality that could have been made part of android itself , but making it a separate library allows google to update it directly , so app developers can rely on it being up-to-date on every device : unlike android itself , which some manufacturers and carriers do not bother to update for older devices . if you were to remove it , any apps that rely on it would stop working or behave unpredictably .
there are a couple of phones that support usb host mode . you could check the compatibility list of the app " dslr controller " over here : http://dslrcontroller.com/devices.php in the column " how to connect " are links to an adapter cable which enables you to connect a camera to your phone . if your phone is listed there or you verify via outher sources that your phone supports usb host mode then you could try one of the cables listed there . after that you would need an app that enables you to mount the camera storage so you can access it . today i ordered one of those cables and will try to connect a cardreader to my phone ( samsung galaxy s gt-i9000 ) . will post further updates once the cable arrives .
here 's a few tips for troubleshooting : go to system settings > apps > click android keyboard ( aosp ) . clear data . clear cache . if that does not work , and you have a custom recovery , reboot into recovery and clear the entire cache , clear davlik cache , and go to advanced > fix permissions . other than that , you could try uninstalling and reinstalling from google play or downloading a different keyboard .
you can try to diagnose the problem yourself , or at least get a little more info by turning on a couple of developer diagnostics . in settings , scroll down to developer options . under the " input " section , check " show touches " . this will cause a small ( white ) circle to show on the screen where ever you touch it . if you do not see the circle ( which might be under your finger , so look carefully ) , you know it did not register your touch . if you see the circle lagging , then you know it registered your touch and is just being slow for other reasons . under " monitoring " , you may want to turn on " show cpu usage " and " strict mode enabled . " " show cpu usage " will show you what is running as a little overlay in the top right of the screen . the top line of the display shows the system cpu load . see this excellent write up of what the load numbers mean . if the load is high , your little nexus-7 " strict mode enabled " will " flash screen when apps do long operations on the main thread . " if your screen flashes , then you know something is hogging the cpu .
look for an application titled ' power manager ' , this application has controls to enable/disable : wifi , bluetooth , gps based off multiple triggers . one of which being powered by a/c which was what my ' issue ' was . just had to change this so it did not change the wifi status .
no android does not saves your custom words from the dictionary of the keyboard in your google account . normally default keyboard does not automatically sync your personal ( custom ) dictionary . but you can email it or make backup of it in sdcard . setting -> keyboard -> personal dictionary or setting -> keyboard -> keyboard type ( eg htc sence input ) -> personal dictionary
assuming all other tablets are of identical model to the original , it should be as easy as rooting them , installing cwm , and then restoring the nandroid backup you made with the original one . keep in mind that nandroid utility does not back up the contents of the sd card . if duplicating the sd card is also required , that would need to be done separately .
clearing downloads will only clear it from the list of downloads . to delete files that have been cleared from the list , you would need to do so directly from the sd card 's download folder , either with your computer or using a file manager like astro .
es file explorer is one that can use the secure ftp protocol over ssh protocol . to get the settings , from es file explorer : hit menu key , show tabs , local , lan , ftp , net appears tap on ftp then tap on new that appears underneath , a dialog box will appear prompting the different ftp types , tap on sftp enter the details of the ssh server that hosts the secure ftp protocol es file explorer will remember the next time , so tap on the server , and then you can browse the file system of the remote server and upload/download files
a surely working , but hard to achieve solution would be to set up an access-point where you log all the traffic and connect your phone to it .
on a stock carrier/manufacturer 's rom there is probably not a whole lot you can do i would imagine , but cyanogenmod 7 ( its gingerbread-based version ) allows you to dismiss individual notifications by swiping them away . you can see it in action in this lifehacker article .
basically , this could be possible . i have got cm7.2 on my motorola droid2 , which also has its bootloader locked . being at work , i cannot access all ressources ( firewall restricts me ) -- but just in case , there seems to be a youtube tutorial on unlock any sony ericsson xperia in 5 minutes , just in case you want to unlock first ( which should make things easier ) . according to xda your device should be supported by cm9 . however , i could not figure out whether cm by default uses 2nd init on the xperia devices ( which is what must be done when the bootloader is locked -- and how it works e.g. on the motorola milestone 2 ; but obviously this is not done for the st17i ) . so if you want to try with your bootloader locked , you should check with the instructions coming with your cm9 build to make sure : some sources i have found ( not sure which xperia the st17i is , so they might apply or not ) , as e.g. how to pgrade xperia x8 to android 4.0 ics / how to upgrade xperia x8 to android 4.1 jelly bean and especially android forums - view single post - all xperia mini ( un ) rooting , un ( re ) locking bootloader , flashing cm , kernels , cwm , rom 's , tweaks etc ( which explicitly applies to your st17i ) , mention an unlocked bootloader as pre-condition for flashing cm9 . so the answer is probably no , though it would theoretically be possible .
yes , you should be able to install a wifi only rom manually , i`ve just gone to ics with 3g and its great . found these links useful : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bfhwd2nxw1u http://www.icsforums.com/forum/showthread/6398 http://forum.xda-developers.com/wiki/motorola_xoom hope this helps
currently i can only find customization options through mods or other updates to the rom . for example : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1999125 it would really be great if stock android 4.2 would provide functionality to add tiles , re-order tiles or change the function of long/short taps on tiles . this issue has some of those feature enhancement requests : http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=40285
yes , that seems to be a typo : the conditions should be If %WIFI ~ on and If %WIFI !~ on ( or If %WIFI ~ off ) . the %wifi variable can only be on or off , not toggle . but the wifi action can be used to enable , disable or toggle wifi , i.e. if wifi is enabled , it will be disabled , and if wifi is disabled , it will be enabled . the example ( minus the typo ) talks about creating a " toggle wifi " widget : if wifi is on and you click the icon , wifi will be disabled and the icon will be changed to a " wifi is off " icon . and if wifi is off and you click the icon , wifi will be enabled and the icon will be changed to a " wifi is on " icon .
after looking over at the xda developers forums where the dev and others talk and problem solve for this module of xposed framework , your answer is there is no a way for tasker to enable and disabled the functionality of xvoice+ . i could describe for you an indirect way to achieve what you are looking for through simulating taps and swipes , if you are interested . if you are please post the phone you are using , android version , tasker version , xposed modules and tasker plugins you have installed . if my answer solves your problem please do not forget to mark it ask the answer as i am trying to build up rep as i am new .
take a look at this thread over at xda-developers forum . someone wrote a java app to extract the contacts out of the . sbf file into vcard files , which are a lot easier to deal with . also , in the same thread people report that with the latest version of kies you can execute a restore without having a samsung phone connected to the pc , and extract the contents . i personally have not tried either method , so please let us know if they work for you .
the literature you read was wrong , then . link2sd only uses the extra partition . the main partition is still mounted under /media/sdcard or somewhere similar . with link2sd , you cannot physically remove the sd card , but you can mount the sd card on the computer . the second partition does not get mounted , so the apps are still accessible while the standard partition is mounted on the computer . if you want more space , you can always repartition your sd card manually on your computer , if your version of clockworkmod ( cwm ) does not have the size you desire . gparted on linux is a handy gui , and there are apps for mac and windows as well . and you can still install apps to your sd card the normal android way , though the dalvik cache and other data will still use up the internal memory ( which is likely limited in your case , as that is the reason to use link2sd in the first place ) . purpose of link2sd here 's an hypothetical example+ . you have 180mb free internal memory . you have a standard 16gb sd card . when you install an app to the sd card , 10%* of the app is actually still on the internal memory . so when you have installed 1.8gb of apps , you run out of internal memory , even though your external sd card could hold a bunch more . in comes link2sd . now , your sd card is actually 12gb standard and 4gb for linking . new apps get linked , but this time 100% of the app is moved , so you can install 4gb of apps instead of 1.8gb . you should not be limited to 4gb , either . clockworkmod ( cwm ) may only list 4gb as the maximum size , but you can use a computer to make the linking partition as large as you want . *made up percentage . it varies by app . +not so hypothetical . with my old optimus v , this was almost exactly my setup .
calendar snooze can repeat reminders until you acknowledge them , forever . it works with the default calendar app , and will let it keep syncing with google . you can customize how often the notification repeats , how many times ( including " keep repeating" ) , and you can customize two sets of reminders , for example repeating every minute for 5 minutes , and then ever 5 minutes for an hour . it can also use notifications , the led , text-to-speech , and alert popups . it also ( as the name suggests ) allows a very powerful snooze mechanism , with completely customizable snoozes .
ota update will depend on the csc of your phone . csc is country sales code ; it tells you which region your phone can be used in and which networks it will work with . if you are in india ( and your phone is connected to an india network ) , and your phone has csc for saudi arabia , you will not be able to get ota updates . what you can do is flash a stock rom for india on your phone using odin . after you do this , you will be able to get future ota updates . warning : changing rom might require a wipe of your phone . some roms have multi-csc that might support the region you are in . in this case , you do not need to flash a new rom . you can just change it with the " samsung galaxy s / s2 / s3 cfc " app in google play . warning : changing cscs will wipe your phone . the csc code for india is odd .
did you by chance have an automatic ota update ? that would do it .
samsung put the " flash lite " plugin on the galaxy s for 2.1 . it supports the basics . this blog shows some devices that use the plugin : http://www.adobe-flashlite.com/ edit : adobe now has a list of devices that can run full flash . http://www.adobe.com/flashplatform/certified_devices/
you cannot install cwm recovery onto the samsung galaxy tab p1000 via rom manager app . you will need to flash it via odin or heimdal utilities . xda-developers forums are a good start . i suggest reading up on the galaxy tab android development section . this thread seems to have good instructions for flashing clockworkmod v3 along with a euro-specific kernel . this should be a good start that will allow you to format the tab to ext4 file system , and allow for flashing other roms such as cm9 alpha/beta . what is in the package : galaxy tab ( euro ) kernel 1.4ghz clockspeed ( stock voltage ) voodoo sound patch v6 ( search the market for the voodoo control app ) 100 % mcr ext4 compatible and separate overcome version uv control by sysfs or app ( thanks to xan ) camera/key-backlight working uv lcd ( 3.3v to 2.6v ) thanks to koxudaxi uv ram ( 1.8v to 1.6v ) thanks to koxudaxi led flash for flash light apps thanks to koxudaxi filesystem support - ext2/ext3/ext4 frequencies 100/200/400/800/1000/1200/1400 rooted adb shell clockworkmod 3 ( thanks to paul obrien ) always backup your stuff before flashing anything . extract the zip and use heimdall to flash the zimage ( kernel directory ) . heimdall must be version 1.1.0 or greater . you must have the libusb drivers working in download mode before you can flash using heimdall . use the command line : heimdall flash --kernel zImage where zimage is the name of the kernel , full path names are allowed . downloadlink : galaxy tab 1.4ghz v16 - mcr version if you have a problem with the sensors just push this file to /system/lib/hw : http://xda.richardtrip.org/tab/sensors.default.so
i have three droid incredibles that we have replaced with different phones . the play store still works on all of them . check out this post for the most recent google play apk and side load it . if that does not work , i would recommend doing a factory reset . it seems like your system has gotten confused . alos , look into airplane mode wifi app to keep your wireless radio off but leave your wifi on .
there are multiple ways to clear " default actions": walking through the list of apps in settings&rarr ; apps&rarr ; manage apps , looking at each entry whether it has a " clear defaults " button , and hit that ( not very user-friendly -- and in this special case obviously not applyable , as the action seems not bound to a special app ) using a helper app like e.g. default app manager or defaultapp reset ( much more user-friendly -- but not suitable in this case , for the same reason as the previous point ) installing another app which uses the same intent ( in case of a " homescreen launcher " and the " home " key , another launcher , to give an example ) -- not always easy to figure out what app might be fitting for this purpose . this is what lead to success in our case here , by installing andmade share note : you do not need to keep that app installed . it is the installation of the app which " drops " the default . this is also the purpose why the next item works : updating/uninstalling one of the apps currently using this intent ( to take above example : that is why you will be asked again when your launcher received an update ) -- this point just for completeness : )
in settings -> sd card and phone storage there is an option to format the sdcard . you first have to unmount the sdcard before you can format it .
it depends on your model of phone . if there is no built-in compass calibration application from the manufacturer , then likely you can calibrate your compass by opening up any application that uses the compass , and moving the device in a certain manner . here are two types of movements to try : the " figure 8 pattern " easier said than understood . here 's what it looks like youtube video of figure 8 compass calibration . three axis rotations : rotate 360° around each of the three axes , so one full rotation with screen facing up , one full rotation " rolling " sideways , one full rotation " pitching " forward .
as far as android is concerned , 4.2.1 to 4.2.2 contained only a few things . they include : show remaining time for downloads from the play store provide a system notification sound when wireless charging begins allows long-pressing on certain tiles in quick settings in reality , since you have a device that does not support wireless charging , the second point obviously does not apply to you . and since cm already heavily modified the tiles for quick settings and offers far more options that this update introduced , the only benefit you would get out of this update would be showing the remaining time . but , cm has new features being added all the time that are separate of the features added by google . if you look under settings -> about phone -> view changelog , you can see a big list of all the major features that cm 10.1 adds to google 's android 4.2.2 release . and if you want to look at all the specific changes ( usually around 10-50 per day , although , some are new features , some are bug fixes for devices not related to yours , and some are new/updated translations ) , you can see it online at http://changelog.bbqdroid.org and clicking on your device and cm version . you can browse through the changes for each nightly there , and although some of the subjects can be cryptic , you can still usually make out what new features are being introduced .
quicksshd works on rooted and non-rooted phones . there are some limitations on non-rooted phones ( running on port 2222 instead of 22 , etc . ) , but other than this , i have yet to see any problem with it on any device ( tested from 1.6 through 2.1 to 4.1 ) . costs approx . us$1.5
i have successfully modified the build . prop on my samsung vibrant to mimic that of the i9000 , allowing me to get i9000 apps from the samsung app store . so something similar might work for you . see how can i modify the phone model in build . prop to get unsupported apps ?
if you type on a terminal console : ls -l /d lrwxrwxrwx root root 2013-01-01 01:00 d -&gt; /sys/kernel/debug/  meaning /d is a symlink to that other folder , probably there for compatibility with old versions . so now the question is : what is /sys/kernel/debug/ ? that folder is used to mount debugfs filesystem and it is used , as the name suggests , to debug kernel . kernel must be compiled with config_debug_fs option set to yes , so that is maybe the reason why some phones have files in it and some do not . one important thing to note is that debugfs is a ram based filesystem , so afaik it is using ram space not disk space . more info http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/debugfs
definitely it is related to low battery , i tried a couple of more tests and if the battery is &lt ; 20% this always happens .
there is a known bug that disallows sorting of wma files by track number . you could try using mediamonkey or something like mp3tag on your pc to rename the file as %track_number% - %Artist% - %Title%.wma or something similar , so it sorts by name . also try meridian player - you can create a playq ( kinda like a playlist and then sort that by track , i believe . and be sure to take a look @ mort player too .
assuming samsung have made the same changes for the captivate as the galaxy , then fully opening an appointment in the calendar app and pressing edit , you should have a line labelled " calendar " that will say " my calendar " ( this is the local calendar on the phone ) , press the arrow beside that and it takes you to a list of your calendars and lets you select your google calendar to move the appointment there . also when you are in the calendar and want to create a new appointment there are two ways to do it . either long pressing on a day/time takes you to the quick appointment creation box , this always goes into your phone 's local calendar and then needs moving out to your gcal . however if you press the menu button and select " create " then it takes you to the same screen as the edit screen , and you can pick which calendar to save to from there .
today i have made some progress in this question . on iphone you can buy a irig mic which can do the job ( and it should work on android too ) . but since i want to use another external microphone i have decided to make the adapter myself from some different adapters ( which does the same thing as irig mic , but with a female 3.5 mm jack output , so i can use my wireless microphone with it ) i have ordered the parts from an online store in denmark , but you can get it all over the internet , you just need to know what you need : ) the first thing you need is a 3.5 mm male 4 pole conductor jack ( trrs ) to rca adapter . like this one then you need a rca to either female jack or xlr adapter ( either if your mic has a jack or xlr output ) like this one and thats all . then you can plug everything together and use the mic of your choice on your android phone . ( btw some stock camcorder apps can not use external microphones , then just use this camcorder app : https://market.android.com/details?id=rubberbigpepper.lgcamerafeature=search_result#?t=w251bgwsmswxldesinj1ymjlcmjpz3blchblci5sz0nhbwvyysjd ) i am using this app ^^ with this set of wireless microphones and i am just waiting for the last adapter in the mail tomorrow . . so from tomorrow i can record with my galaxy nexus and record the sound via the wireless microphone on a distance up too 30 meters :d and if i need to go around with the phone and the microphone , i will just plug in a wired microphone to the female jack and go around with the phone and microphone in my hand : ) i hope someone in the future can use this information which was very hard to find on the internet : ) when i have some time later today or tomorrow , i will upload a couple pictures to illustrate my setup : )
actually , this is pretty easy . there are two workable answers i can offer : if you have google apps for your organization , you can simply turn on contact sharing and make sure everyone adds their google apps account to their phone . if you do not have google apps or do not want to use contact sharing , simply set up a single dummy gmail/google apps account for every person to add to their phone . any contacts added to this account , be it via a phones or via the gmail contacts book , will appear on every phone whenever a sync happens . to add another account to your phone : Settings-&gt;Accounts and sync-&gt;Add account  after adding the account on the phone , make sure you click on it again and set syncing to just contacts and not gmail , calendar , etc ( unless you want these )
easytether i think would be your best option . the free version is full-figured , and paying for the full market version will get you https:// sites . and the drivers for it are available on their website for download . p.s. it is only $4.99 right now in the amazon appstore ; )
fake gps data . presumably this is for testing apps that use gps , so you do not actually have to travel all over the world :p apps such as location spoofer take advantage of this . you could probably fake foursquare checkins or something using it , but they do check to make sure your checkins are " realistic " so you probably do not want to check in to london uk and melbourne au within the same hour .
summing up the solution from above comments on the question itself : finding the culprit first step is to get to the logging information on your device , to figure out some more details on what is going on . multiple choices to do so : get a logcat app from the playstore . there are many , and as long as you run android 4.0 or below , none of them have issues . starting with android 4.1 , apps can only see their own log entries ( so a logcat app only sees what it writes itself , which makes it quite useless ) -- unless your device is rooted ( your cm7 is ) , and you convert the logcat app into a system app ( which can be done e.g. using titanium backup ★ root ) . to find a suiting logcat app , simply use this playstore search -- afaik none of them comes pre-installed with cm . get it done from your pc . see is there a minimal installation of adb ? for how to get adb installed on your linux/mac/windows computer , and how to set up its configuration so it recognizes your android device . then either use adb logcat from the command-line , or a graphical interface ( e . g . qtadb , as described in the linked question ) solving the issue as you followed above device , you were able to pick the corresponding error message from the logs : the app was looking for a folder named /mnt/sdcard/download/ , which did not exist -- instead there already existed /mnt/sdcard/Download/ with a capital D . the problem behind this little thing is : while the underlying file-system ( fat ) supports mixed-case file/directory names , it does not differentiate correctly : cd download does not work due to different spelling , but mkdir download conflicts , though . so the solution , in your case , was to rename the existing Download directory to download . while i still hold this as a bug in the apps used ( they should be able to work around the issue , at least by asking the user where to download to ) , this simple trick at least enables you to download the .apk files now : )
edit honestly , i am not 100% sure that this was really a problem related to the kernel . i think that the " problem " could be also caused by the fact that pressing the home key in recovery mode results in a reboot . the correct way to select a recovery item is to press the power button . original post i had the same issue two days ago . the problem was the kernel . after switching to the kernel that was mentioned a few wiki changes before it worked like a charm . kernel : http://cmw.22aaf3.com/aries/gt-i9000/root/hardcore-speedmod-i9000.zip md5: afccda1f4efb560398dd5bc107bb7a69 i even ( re- ) added this information but it was again reverted . :- (
apparently it was some bug in the app itself , i had to clink the options , go to more , and there select recreate scripts , then it asked me what file system was the second partition , restarted , and it worked just fine after it . and all of that without card reader , like they are suggesting everywhere
it seems google keep will only show a notification for a reminder . you might try megasound to set an alarm sound for the keep notifications .
it will not be on the windows filesystem . the emulator makes a .img file that it then mounts as the virtual sd card . so , to answer your question , the file is stored in the sdcard .img file in the avd folder . ( you may be able to extract it using winrar or another unzip utility . check the C:\Users\&lt;your username&gt;\.android\avd\&lt;avd name&gt;\sdcard.img ) edit : this program claims to mount .img files . i am using ubuntu though , so cannot test sorry .
i based my opinion on the phones i have used so far , but it seems , new devices do not care about usb mode , they just work . i used mtp and my android ide recognized the device . it made my day .
looks like you will need a 3.5mm connector to ipod proprietary 40-pin converter . there are some available on ebay here : http://www.ebay.com/bhp/ipod-female-connector ( note -- this link is temporary once the items are sold ; if someone finds a permalink to a product page please edit my answer and add it ) .
this icon simply means that there are more notifications to show , but there is not enough space left in the top status bar to show all notification icons ( that is why it does not have a matching notification ) .
finally i was able to import smses using sms importer lite . this post was very helpful to make it work . it was required to configure sms importer this way : source type : custom in advanced preferences : seperator : , sender position : 3 date position : 6 body position : 8 otherwise it always failed with " unexpected error " message .
clearing the app cache ( and data ) seems to have resolved the issue for me .
i think it is safe to assume that the options listed here are the options you have available to you when running the fastboot binary . since there does not seem to be an override as a native function of fastboot , your only solution would be to access the source code of fastboot ( if available ) and remove or alter the part of the code where the device reboots . note that there might be very good reasons as to why the device reboots at that stage , so i would be careful with messing around with it .
found a thread of people with the same issue . htc was contacted an to fix they said factory reset your phone : with the phone turned off , press and hold the volume down key . briefly press the power key . wait for the screen with the 3 android images to appear . press the volume down key twice to select clear storage . press the power . when asked to confirm , press volume up however this has not worked for many users . the second fix would be this : *hey i will gwy&lt ; ----- when you make a mistake like that instead of tapping the backspace button to get rid of your mistakes . press and hold it until it gets rid of your mistakes its a slight fix but its alot easier to have to deal with the whole delete by selection issue
no , performing a factory reset will not affect your hboot version . you should , however , be able to follow this guide instead ( which uses revolutionary ) . there is another page with instructions here which describes in a bit more detail what revolutionary does and where to go from there . the standard disclaimers with regards to possibly bricking your device apply , of course , and i can not guarantee 100% that it will work .
you can install a third-party homescreen ( launcher ) app which supports gestures . some examples : holo launcher hd , apex launcher , nova launcher . note that such gestures will work only when the launcher is active ( i.e. . , they are not global gestures accessible from any app ) , and may be eaten by scrollable widgets if they are present at the homescreen , and you start the gesture inside such widget . globally accessible gestures are possible too ( e . g . , there are apps such as swipepad ) , however , this will increase resource consumption , because such app must be running all the time and listening for touch events , and also may conflict with other apps .
these days , the google play store ( renamed android marketplace ) does in fact have review filtering based on the rating . just click on " user reviews " and the "5 stars " , "4 stars " titles for the bar graphic are now clickable , and clicking them displays only reviews with that rating . thanks , google !
this google voice search pop up appears to be a bug in the huawei ascend y300 model . from this thread on android forums that you are not alone with the issue but there is no resolution in the thread . further reading in this modaco thread that it might be related to the headphones causing something in the device to trigger voice search rather than the intended result e.g. skipping song , changing volume etc . one user ( referring to the headphones ) states : " i get this all the damn time on my y300 . in my case it is voice search that opens ( i am on cm11 ) and i tried renaming the voicesearch . apk in /system/app/ ( iirc ) but still it comes up . it is probably getting the contacts confused and triggering that third button on some headsets , but it is bloody annoying . " the fact he is using cyanogenmod and not the stock rom suggests a hardware issue rather than a software one . you could attempt to disable google voice search while listening to music as a workaround , althought it is part of search itself and this may be inconvenient on a day to day basis .
on my galaxy s , turning on usb debug mode in Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Development turns off this notification .
microsoft onenote now has an official app for android . you can edit and sync up to 500 notes .
i actually had this very same issue . i contacted nextbook and it was very hard to get in touch with them by phone or email . finally i got an email back with some ideas , including doing a reset for the whole tablet . however , i believe what actually fixed it is that i bought a cheap hdmi to mini-hdmi cable on amazon to plug into my tv ( which works quite nicely ) and once i plugged it in and out , that seemed to fix the problem of sound not working/screen rotating . i have not seen the problem happen again , so i think there was just some slight connection problem that is now okay . i hope it works for you .
i disabled the phone app , cleared the cache , and the data . rebooted the phone and enabled the phone app . now all seems to be working well .
make sure that the phone that you get has a micro-hdmi port , in addition to the traditional usb port . this will allow you to transfer video more easily . as you noticed , there are two types of converters- the tiny ones , and the large bulky ones with a power supply . the difference is , as stated on the link you sent , that : unlike passive adapters ligawo converter has a power supply , thereby allowing a built-in signal amplification and processing of the image . provides the signal source sufficient current through hdmi this converter can also be used without power supply . so yes , the larger ones with power supplies would probably be better in terms of signal quality , and could still be used without being plugged in . however , due to their bulk , the better signal processing ( i am not an expert on signal processing , so i do not know how large of a difference it would make- i have used the small kind , although with a laptop , and it worked perfectly fine ) might not be worth it- it is up to you to decide which type is right for you . as of how the resolution is scaled , it should work automatically for all , if not most , converters . just double check if it says something like " input resolution hdmi up to 1080p possible 480p - output resolution vga " ( from the link you sent ) . it should not be a problem to downscale to a specific amount that you want- in the settings -> hdmi -> hdmi format , you should be able to change the output resolution . for more info , look here- it is two years old , but the features should still be the same with new phones running jb/kitkat . as of the software to run , there are many free and premium solutions available in the google play store that will work well . if you prefer presenting with pdfs , pdf reader or office suite 7 should work . however , pdfs are a somewhat unconventional presentation format ( although they can work ) , so you should consider using actual presentation software for a better experience . google drive for mobile would work well , since you could edit your presentation on a computer ( or your phone ) and then present it on your phone , plus it is free . you could also use presentation pal , or office 2012: presentations , or some other presentation software- there are lots out there , and there is bound to be one that works good for you . all presentation software in the play store should work well for your purpose . i hope this helps !
settings > > accounts and sync > > add account > > facebook enter your facebook info check the sync contacts checkbox
apparently the problem is with apps installing to the sd card . running the following command in the terminal fixed the problem for me : su rm /mnt/secure/asec/smdl2tmp1.asec 
i have this same problem , intermittently , with my n1/froyo/cm6 . i do not know why it happens , but it is been happening since the froyo update afair . i have noticed it happens less often if i stay in one place . this led me to the theory that , since i live at a university , the fact that networks will pop in and out of range even as i enter my dorm and walk up to my room will make my n1 think that the network 's unstable and thus disable it . toggling definitely fixes the issue .
the issue is most likely caused by a wrong apn configuration . though customer care told you their card is " self configurable " , this may well be relative : many roms ( especially custom roms like cyanogenmod ) come with a built-in list of apns , which are matched against the provider as specified by the sim card , and used correspondingly . while those matches usually are fine , there might be exceptions – e.g. when the provider made changes to his configuration after the rom was released . or did not provide all details : apns might need different parameters for e.g. 3g than for lte . as you have got a second android device where the card is working fine , put the sim into that device go to settings ( usually network → telephony or similarly ; different roms might place it slightly different ) tap the apn and select to adjust it do not adjust anything , just write down its parameters in a second step , put the same sim to your n7 go to the same settings page compare your values and , if something differs , adjust it i bet your device then will connect fine . if not ( or if there are no differences ) , it is probably a hardware issue , and you need to send your n7 for service .
i am afraid that what you want to do is not possible . you can come close by using eds on the phone , but your computer will not be able to read the files directly . truecrypt will be able to decrypt the containers , but i think you might have some problems with handsets using mtp rather than usb mass storage . essentially what you want is for android to support the " secure " part of " secure digital " . what you want to do is built into the sd card spec , where a password can be set on the card and can then only be read on that device . for instance , the samsung focus wp7 handset locked sd cards to it , and these were not readable in other devices . most devices simply saw the cards as unreadable , not even able to format them . only symbian handsets seemed to be able to recognise these cards were locked to a handset and were able to format these cards , but not read the data that was on them .
no you cannot . to do that , you need access to app ops from where you can disable certain operations on a per-app basis . there is no way to do this right now without rooting your device .
read [ this ] : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1259739 after you flash the latest rom you could flash the usb host mode which is [ here ] : http://goo.im/devs/psyke83/roms/u8160/hotfixes called usbhost1-cm-7-20120729-madteam-u8160 . zip enjoy .
you can do this by holding the power button + the home button simultaneously .
as of version 4.3.10 , the google play store now has a " recently updated " section under " my apps " , which is ultimately what i wanted .
you can try apk edit . launch apk edit . exe and load the apk file you need to change icon the exe will display the app icon and name under general tab you can change the icon and load the apk back to the phone note : this process will cause problem on update of the app . when google play notifies the update , you can uninstall the app , install the app again and change the icon .
a short google search for " spmo file " reveals that these are " speedview meta object " files and speed up the display of images . they are probably some sort of cache file and should be automatically recreated if you delete them .
( 1 ) what are the non-google alternatives to gmail , talk , voice , maps , google calendar on the nexus one ? can not say specifically about nexus one , but the stock android platform does not come with google-branded apps ; so , yes , it is possible for the phone to live without google . however , imo if you are using android and avoiding google 's services , you are missing a lot . the stock email application can sync to gmail or other mail services through imap and pop . however , just like syncing gmail from desktop through thunderbird/outlook , you will not be able to use the unique gmail features , like priority inbox , archival , labeling , etc . applications that uses cloud to device messaging ( a . k.a. push-to-device ) requires a google account . without c2dm , applications would have to poll their servers periodically , therefore draining the battery . there are alternative implementations c2dm that does not connect to google 's servers , however most programs are not designed for those alternative implementations and may have problems . google 's android market is the largest android market place . needless to say , you will not be able to download as much apps as easily if you avoid google 's android market . google maps and navigations can be replaced by , e.g. waze , navdroyd , ndrive , rmaps , etc . i do not think there is a good replacement for streetview , however . there are certainly replacements for google calendar , however , i have not used any of them , so i cannot comment on how good they are . ( 2 ) do they really perform as fast as the " native " google apps/services ? yes , if we are to believe google 's words , none of the google 's apps use any " hidden " android apis that could magically cause their software to outperform other applications . however , because google is google , google 's own apps typically have the best integration to the android platform and 3rd party programs typically would prefer to integrate their own apps with google 's applications . also , since nexus one is a " pure google experience " phone , this means rooting and installing custom roms on a nexus one is among the easiest from all android devices .
are you perhaps using the volume control and going all the way to the " bottom " ? that turns on silent mode in my droid . are you hitting the wrong option on the menu when you hit the power button ? i am not familiar with the lg ally , so i do not know if they might have added an extra feature to make it easy to get into silent mode . did you check the manual ?
instant upload is a feature of google+ , which uploads the photos you take with your camera to a private photo folder on google+ for easy sharing . this option allows you to enable/disable this feature , but it can also be controlled from other google apps like google+ and google settings . more info sync internet means syncing your browser history , bookmarks , form input data and other settings on chrome . this requires that you use the same google account on all instances of chrome that you want to sync . i am not certain if this feature syncs the data also to the stock browser , but it is possible .
you can still use gps without having google location services enabled . when you disable the location services you are opting out of sending data to google . google location services is actually an internet database ( google location server ) that is made available to mobile device manufacturers as an application licensed by google . this is the database that is updated with wifi and cell id data from devices running android , and was initially populated with data collected by the street view cars ( up until 2010 anyway ) . it helps your device obtain a quicker initial fix by using wifi ap or cell id information . it is used to augment the gps , uses less battery life , and is sometimes used instead of gps if you are indoors or do not have strong gps signal . as noted on google 's support site , for ics 4.0+ maps will still work with just the gps activated . http://support.google.com/gmm/bin/answer.py?hl=enanswer=165333 in short , the settings you have above should allow you to use your gps without the help of the cellular network or nearby wi-fi aps . you will have to be outdoors in order to use this feature though , and it can take up to 4 minutes to get a location . so if you are waiting on a fix and you have google location services disabled , you will have to be patient . let 's address the battery drain--review the third-party location-aware applications you have installed . some are poorly programmed and could be requesting gps refreshes at a high rate , taxing your battery . also if you are only using gps to navigate , it is a battery hog .
i do not believe this is a hardware limitation , but just the way the phone 's manufacturer chose to implement the battery reporting code . my droid 2 also only showed by 10% increments . however , on my current setup i am using the Circle Battery Widget available on the market and it displays the percentage in 1% increments .
you can try installing a different launcher app via the android market web interface . on your pc go to play store and sign in with the same google account as on your phone . find any home replacement app . click on the install button to send the app directly to your phone ( if you have several android devices you will need to select the phone . ) after a few minutes try unlocking your phone . it should ask you to select a launcher app , so pick the one you just installed , or the default one .
you can do either way . the safe method is to update and then root the phone . but you can also root and then install the ota update . but ota will fail if you have custom recovery modified any part of the system like removed bloat , xposed , etc still there is a post in xda to update ota with custom twrp recovery .
found it . there is a direct dial widget you can add from the applications/widgets menu . when you select this , it prompts you to choose a contact . there are also shortcut widgets for direct message , open contact , etc .
keepass is an option . you can set up the keepassdroid app to use a password database that you keep synced with dropbox ( a good tutorial is available at androidpolice ) . not very elegant , but it might be what you are looking for .
basically , the replacement lockscreen program will have a service running that recognizes when the phone ' locks ' and then overrides the default lockscreen with the one you have created through that app . there is typically a delay of a few seconds , so it is possible to still see the default lockscreen on occasion . i have been using WidgetLocker for some time now and have been very happy with it . it is available on the market .
i think you are saying you want the pc to be the host for the usb hub ( so that it can connect to your phone ) but for the phone to also be the host for the usb hub ( so that it can connect to this other device ) . no , that will not work . usb connections are based on a tree structure . given this : PC----Hub----OtherDevice | | Phone  Phone can not be the parent of OtherDevice unless it is also the parent of Hub and therefore the PC . you should connect the phone directly to the other device , and access the phone over the network from the pc as ryan says in his answer .
going by your description , you are referring to the object circled in this screenshot that thing indicates that the city the time is being shown for is currently running on daylight savings time . in this screenshot , we see that new york is observing daylight savings time , and phoenix is not .
the easiest way , without using any specialised tools is just to visit that app 's page in the android market . all apps in the market have their package name as part of their url , so you can just take your package name and prefix it with https://market.android.com/details?id= to get https://market.android.com/details?id=com.letang.game103.en which will take you to the page for king fighter ⅱ by letang , inc .
do not worry , you have a few options ! option one : ( i do not have an n7 anymore , so i do not remember if it supports adb push in twrp . but i think it does ) boot into twrp and use adb to push the file from your computer to your device . you can try to open a windows cmd prompt or linux terminal emulator , navigate to the local file , then do the following : adb push AOSP-4.3-JWR66V-grouper-rooted_Androguide.zip /sdcard/ this will push the file to the /sdcard/ directory - which should exist already ( even on a nexus device ) . option two : boot the device to fastboot/bootloader mode and flash any of the factory system images via the fastboot tool . because using fastboot can be intimidating . you could also use the nexus 7 toolkit to automate the process . this will put stock android back on your device , and will also remove twrp . fortunately , you can use the toolkit or fastboot to reinstall twrp immediately afterward .
the android developer documentation explains how to specify an intent in the argument to the am command . in your case you want -a to specify the action , -d to specify the data uri , and --ez to specify a boolean extra . you can find the action name by looking up Intent.ACTION_VIEW in the documentation . putting all of that together , you get:- am start -a android.intent.action.VIEW -d com.glass.videoglass:// --ez startFromWS true 
you could try to install sim contacts . i have not seen how to make it your default app for managing contacts , but i suppose you could drag the app icon to your homescreen or to the dock , so you can just access it quickly from there . with the sim contacts app , you can add , edit ( long-press on a contact and a menu will appear ) , or delete sim contacts . you can also choose to copy them on your phone . update #1: from izzy : also , if you do not want anything to be synced to google , make sure to turn off all sync options in settings → accounts and sync . by default , that is all enabled . as long as you add new contacts as sim contacts , they will not be synched to google . only contacts added as google contacts will be synched .
hurrey ! after quite a bit of research i am now able to answer my own question . i was able to clean install jelly bean ( in opposite to the usual method of upgrading ) using official images posted by google . this obviously solved the issue . here are my instructions how to do this .
since you do not have a dialer app in the tablet , ali kabiri 's answer can not be directly used . but there is a way to get into a mode where you can enter these " service codes " . see this blog post for images . open the contacts app exit the initial setup if it pops up go to menu -> settings long-press the blank space in the bottom of the screen , in the middle ( see images in link ) a button called " enter service code " should appear tap the button to get a " dialer " enter the code *#*#73556673#*#* demo mode should now be deactivated !
an app like root firewall ( needs root ) should work . ☆ block internet access for any apps :
there is no mention of physical zoom on the htc dream specification page . ( to my knowledge no android camera has that . )
eventually i resorted to restoring my phone to factory settings , and now this works again .
version 1.0.7 is significantly larger than previous versions . even after moving to the sd card i am showing 14.5mb taking up system storage . that'll account for your 2mb reduction in space . google generally has not allowed for their apps to be moved to the sd card , presumably so they can be sure widgets will work or other performance considerations . however , since this version weighs in at over 24mb i guess their hand was forced .
a backup never is a bad idea , so right after you get root access , you should : do a full nandroid backup ( which creates images of your partitions , so you always can revert to this state by simply restoring them ) use titanium backup to make a full backup of all your apps and their settings ( so you can re-install a selection when needed ) freezing does not remove anything , and it is fully revertible . i always recommend to first freeze a single app , then check for potential side-effects , and only remove it if there were none . titanium backup even offers to create a homescreen shortcut to freeze/unfreeze an app ( like a toggle : if frozen , the app gets unfrozen and vice-versa ) , which is nice for apps you rarely use but which always annoy you ( for me , this is google maps , which i need maybe 2-3 times a year but is running permanently in background -- so i freeze it when not needed , and simply unfreeze it when i need it ) . basically , freezing an app simply hides it away from all activities . i am not sure how that works technically , but i compare it with the " execution flag " of a unix/linux binary : if not set , the binary does not get executed . so no background services or any other activities from this app , though it is still installed . in short : freezing is the safe variant , as it easily can be undone . it also does not touch the apps data . removing an app is final : without a backup available , it is simply gone , including its data . additional ressources you might want to look up for this topic : unistall a system app without root ? how can i uninstall applications that are locked by phone vendor ? how to remove / disable the bloatware apps in the htc one x bye-bye , bloatware : disable system apps in android ice cream sandwich
those instructions are bs . flash does not work on 2.1 . however , there are several devices that run flash lite ( it came on my galaxy s vibrant , for example ) . someone with flash lite tried that and thought they had real flash when really they just had lite , and it spread for a while before being debunked . just read the comments on that post . edit : according to lie ryan 's comment below , full flash is compiled for armv7 chips , and so will not work on other processors even with 2.2 . edit 2 : adobe now has a list of devices that run flash : http://www.adobe.com/flashplatform/certified_devices/
try actually pasting it . you could try the often-built-in memo app , gmail , email , or something like docs to go if you want to save it .
try looking at a black picture in the dark . with amoled the picture should be pure black . with slcd you should see the backlight making the picture look greyish .
since your phone is rooted you can use wanam xposed note that the framework itself does not add any functionality , but once installed you can download ( via the framework itself ) modules that have custom functionality . wanam xposed module has many tweaks for stock samsung touchwiz roms , gravitybox has many for morer ' stock ' type roms . you can change the sms limit through either , in the default sms application . please read the xda thread on this module as it has a lot of detail , and clarifications . xda thread
i am on a custom rom using android 4.2.2 and i can change exactly that behaviour in system settings &gt; lock screen &gt; maximize widgets ( translated naming from german version ) ( i am using novalauncher if that matters )
depends entirely on how many contacts you have , how often they change , how often you set it to sync , etc . paying for data as you go is generally a bad idea with an android phone , they use a lot . you should be able to shut off 3g though ( probably dependent on the phone ) and just use wifi . although , it might be more difficult to prevent it from using 2g data . some phones let you use wifi while the phone is in airplane mode , which would shut off both 3g and 2g . android has the ability to store wifi credentials and connect automatically .
if you are able to connect an external bluetooth dongle to the android device , it ought to work for you , even with an intrnal bluetooth present . android devices with os v3.1 and above shall support usb host capabilities . so , it is advisable to experiment with devices with the above operating systems . however , it will be on your end to make the dongle work for you ; i.e. by creating a separate application for the same .
below is the output of " df -h -a " command on my nook color running cyanogenmod 7.0 rom ( 2.3.3 ) which gives you a break-down of the mounted partitions : out of 8 gigabytes of internal memory ~500 mb is reserved for the rom itself ( /rom and /system ) , ~1.5 gb is for app storage ( /data and /cache ) , 5 gb is for data storage ( /mnt/emmc ) and another ~500mb reserved for other miscellaneous android operations . you can also see my 8gb sd card mounted on /mnt/sdcard . keep in mind that these partitions can be ( and usually are ) remapped based on the needs of a given rom . in terms of your question regarding apps from the market , there are some limitations that mostly depend on the type and version of the rom you are planning to run . the biggest concern the screen resolution and lcd density . several apps , including the market itself ( vending . apk ) are quite picky about how well ( or even if ) they will work properly . most common side-effect is apps displaying in a tiny window instead of properly scaling . most can be fixed by disabling compatibility mode in spare parts , but some ( e . g . google reader ) will only function with a certain lcd density that could be in conflict with other apps . keep in mind that most of the custom roms for nook color are works in progress , so expect to see better compatibility with all apps going forward . also , if rumors of froyo ( 2.2 ) update for the official nook color firmware are true , we could see better performance once the official display/video/audio/etc . driver upgrades are rolled into custom roms .
problem solved . at the end i saw that drivers for android were not installed . i installed drivers from this site http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2126036 and device is visible by fastboot . one thing i do not understand is why adb saw device and fastboot not .
being aware it is not a full fledged solution but rather a work-around ( it is still unclear what is causing the underlying issue ) , this answer sums up what we figured being a work-around at least : as the files/directories do not show up the usual way via " sharing the sdcard " , they can still be accessed by other means . one example is using adb : using adb pull files can be transfered from the device to the computer , and with adb push in the other direction . examples : adb pull /sdcard/Sounds/ E:\audio\phone would take the entire folder /sdcard/Sounds and save it as E:\audio\phone on the computer adb push E:\audio\phone /sdcard/Sounds/ for the opposite culprit : types of " source " and " target " must match . if " source " is a file , " target " must be a file as well : adb pull /sdcard/Sounds/some.mp3 E:\audio\phone would fail as the source is a file and the target a directory . other draw-backs can be worked around as well : if you prefer a graphical solution over playing at the command line , there are several good guis available , e.g. qtadb droid explorer ( by our member ryan conrad ) and several more . as a side-effect of installing adb , you have got a powerful tool ready which will certainly help you with many other things ! for getting adb to work without installing the full sdk , please refer to is there a minimal installation of adb ? more adb related information can be found via our adb tag and its tag-wiki . alternatives include several " wifi file managers " , which are too many to be listed here . so if you rather want a " simple app installed " on your android device , and then do everything with your browser , you might wish to take a look at the following lists : manage your android device from your computer ftp server various file servers
the partition you want to write to is called boot , not bootloader , so the correct command is fastboot flash boot boot.img 
according to their dev blog , the appstore does download a small token for drm'd apps which it uses to validate them at launch : how can you verify that the user has an entitlement to the app without internet access ? during the installation process for an app , the amazon appstore client downloads a small token that grants the user the right to access the application . a valid token permits the user that purchased the app to access their app offline . the amazon appstore client will periodically communicate with amazon servers to refresh the token . my guess as to why you see the error is that the token is either out of date or just got corrupted somehow ( bug in the appstore maybe ) . re-downloading probably refreshes the token since it is originally retrieved at install time , but it sounds like you may also be able to clear the appstore data and sign in to get a valid token , or possibly just launch the appstore and let it connect/refresh itself ( have not tried these myself as i have not had this error yet ) .
it turned out , that when i set system language to russian , smart dialer adds russian letters . i used morelocale2 to add russian system language . and i had to use the " pm grant " trick to make morelocale2 work .
"100%" is not as straightforward a concept as you might think on android . have a read of this : http://phandroid.com/2010/12/25/your-smartphones-battery-gauge-is-lying-to-you-and-its-not-such-a-bad-thing/
since google voice just comes in as a normal carrier call , there is no simple way to separate those calls . it does not pass any identifying information that the phone could use to identify it is a google voice call versus a carrier call . you can , however , change your google voice settings ( on the website , not the app ) so that it always shows your google voice number as the caller id on incoming calls . this means you could just whitelist your google voice number and block everything else . then you will receive only gv calls , but you will lose the ability to see who is calling since all calls coming to gv will just display as your gv number . you could then use the call screening features of gv to identify unknown callers . it really is not an elegant solution and the loss of caller id is a big inconvenience , but if you absolutely have to do this , it is about your only option .
i have not tried it myself , but from what i am reading in forums , etc , apps organizer is a free app that does what you are looking for . when you select an app in a folder , it closes the folder . edit : update - i just tried out apps organizer . it does close the folder when you select something . the only problem is that it appears to only allow app shortcuts - not bookmarks , widgets , etc . there appear to be other apps ( folder organizer ) that are able to hold bookmarks , however .
just figured this one out having had the same problem myself ( htc desire hd , android 2.2 ) . . . . from the " all messages " view , press the menu button . a " drafts " icon appears ( a floppy disk icon ) - press that , and it takes you to a view of all your drafts . press and hold a draft message to view/delete or press the menu button again and select delete drafts to go to a view where you can bulk mark the drafts you want to delete . hope that helps !
since you do have working fastboot access , you have a few options from there : you can . . . get a custom recovery like twrp . then run fastboot flash recovery /path/to/twrp.img . with twrp , you can to try to reinstall roms , do factory resets , and make backups of your current system ( which may be a good idea , even if it is bricked ) . do a factory reset with fastboot format data and fastboot format cache . try to install stock android ( keeping data ) from the factory images by running included flash-base.sh , included in the image download . if all else fails , you can unbrick it by running the flash-all.sh - which will essentially reset it to a like-new state , with the stock os and no data . if you wind up doing a factory reset after all , you can use titanium backup to extract the apps and settings from the twrp backups .
if you do not mind paying a few bucks , i highly recommend tasker . this automation utility allows you to set up many built-in ( and some 3rd-party app ) android actions based on various parameters , including time of day . in tasker you will need to create 2 separate profiles , and to each add 2 actions . 1st action will be identical in both profiles - disabling the auto brightness . second one will be similar - a time-based action to change the display brightness , with time of day and brightness level being the differences . start tasker and tap the + button on the bottom o the main screen to create a new profile . give it a descriptive name , such as " brightness down " for example . choose the " time " context on the presented menu . for the " from:" option select the time of day you wish to have brightness lowered . un-check the " to:" option , and tap the green " accept " button . on the " task selection " dialog tap the " new task " button and name it " lower screen brightness " and tap the " accept " button . tap the "+" button to add an action , select " display " category , select the " auto brightness " action , select the " off " option on the " set " drop-down , and press the green " accept " button . tap the "+" button to add another action , select " display " category , elect the " display brightness " action , set the desirable low level ( 20 being the lowest recommended setting ) , ensure that both " ignore current level " and " immediate effect " options are checked , and tap the green " accept " button . tap the green " accept " button on the " task edit / . . . " screen . on the main screen tap the " brightness down " profile once , then tap on its wrench button , and select the " clone " option . tap the newly-cloned profile , tap its wrench button , select the " rename " option and name it " brightness up " . tap on the clock icon , select the " edit " option , change the " from:" time to the time of day when you had like brightness increased , and tap the green " accept " button . now tap on the task itself ( name you gave it in step 5 ) , select " rename " option , name it " increase screen brightness " , and tap the green " accept " button . tap the task again , and select the " edit " option . tap on the " display brightness " action , set the level to a higher setting , and tap the green " accept " button . tap the green " accept " button on the " task edit / . . . " screen . ensure that on the main screen , the button on bottom-right reads " on " , and exit the tasker app . you should now be all set .
make sure you downloaded the google apis corresponding to your api level in the sdk manager and that you set your avd 's target on google apis . this version of the api is needed for the calendarprovider ( for sync functions with google i imagine ) .
it was easier than i expected . just follow this tuto will guide you well . download odin download the related firmware launch odin , click on rom select the firmware click on start button . pray ! thank you for everyone who took their time to help me .
the droid 2 does not have fastboot mode ; its bootloader is locked . fastboot mode is really just the bootloader mode in other phones , like nexus phones . out of curiosity , where exactly did you hear that the d2 had a fastboot mode , and why do you want to access it ?
holding Power + Vol Up for 10 seconds or so will reboot the phone into recovery . from recovery , i already have the option selected to reboot phone , so i can press the power button again . not sure what users can do if they do not have clockwork recovery .
try to look for bluetooth scanners . android supports bluetooth and there is sdk api for it so you could create your own app to receive and process data from scanner . one such device i could find : http://www.planon.com/products/docupen/xseries
easiest way . check your packaging . look for model describtion on the back of the other label . either z520 or z560 , the z520 is s4 , 560 is s3 . from wikipedia : processor and memory one version of the one s uses a qualcomm snapdragon s4 . . . in certain markets the one s uses the older snapdragon s3 . . . the two versions have slightly different packaging , the s4 is model z520e/z520m and states " processor : dual core , 1.5ghz"/"cpu speed 1.5 ghz , dual core , whereas the s3 is model z560e and states " processor : dual core " .
since android 4.0 , it is possible to " disable " apps without root . however , not all apps can be " disabled": some ( pre-installed ) system-apps are protected against this . still , it is always worth a try if you do not want to root your device : go to settings→apps select the " all " tab scroll to the apps in question , and open their entry here you see either a button labeled " disable " , or one labeled " uninstall updates " . if the latter is there , tap it : this will uninstall all the updates this app received during the time you already used the device . now the " disable " button should be visible in its place . is it " grayed out " ? tap " delete cache " , then " clear data " . this will remove all cache files the app might have created , all its data , and its configuration . still " grayed out ? " then this app is " protected " , you cannot " disable " it without root . otherwise : tap it . this will disable/freeze the app . these actions are reversible : you can always re-visit the apps entries here , and push the button again ( it will be labeled " enable " then ) . if you could not deactivate an app this way , all that is left is root and some " bloatware remover " , as indicated by lucas ' answer . apart from titanium backup , there are several other " root-apps " which can do that – though titanium is a great choice , as it also provides the means to do full backups and more . if chosing this path , make sure to freeze apps first to check for side-effects : as with above steps , a " freeze " is revertible – a " remove " is not ( at least not easily ) . also see our bloatware tag-wiki , which will give you / point you to more information .
in order to do this , you would need a rooted phone , and flash a custom rom with the htc interface ( called sense ) built in . depending on your phone , it may or may not be there ( more likely not ) .
i use ftpserver ( http://www.appbrain.com/app/ftpserver/lutey.ftpserver ) to browse and copy files to and from my phone over wifi . on ubuntu you can connect to an ftp server and browse it as if it is a directory .
this allows you to obtain and run an application ( i.e. . the . apk file ) from sources other than the android market . ( i.e. . you get it from a download from a developer 's site , from an email , etc . ) . that is it . edit : once you enable unknown sources this post covers the rest : how can i install an app given only its apk file ? .
the images come from your gmail contacts so you would need to create a contact for the " the nudge " and assign a picture to it . to easily create a new contact for that email , open it up and click the icon next to the name . you should then be prompted to " add to contacts ? " .
apologise for my ignorance as i dont have a galaxy note ii but since you have the samsung android adb interface i am presuming when you run command ( and get this from google too ) adb.exe devices  do you at least see a serial number ? ? i had a similar issue with my nexus 5 and noticed i too have the same drivers however for my computer to connect to the device i had to make sure my device is : not in a locked state ( meaning the phone is not on the lock screen ) debugging is enabled ( you already have ) and accept the adb connection physically on the phone ( just do the adb connection and it'll prompt your device for privileges . ) edited - 01/08/2014
basically , the problem with this is that your phone cannot distinguish between what you want to say and transmit to the other end of the conversation , and words you want to be commands to the phone . what if you call an automated system that says " say ' one ' for x . say ' two ' for y . " ? when you say ' one ' or ' two ' , there is no way ( without very advanced ai ) for the phone to decide whether you intended to transmit that speech ( e . g . " two" ) or intended it to be a command for the phone to dial ( '2' ) . you could possibly have a custom dialer app where if you press a button on your phone , it stops transmitting your voice and accepts commands , and pressing again stops accepting commands and resumes transmitting your voice . i would bet a lot of money that no one has made such a custom dialer . of course , there are many phones where you can enter " pauses " into the dialer , followed by menu choices . for example , 555-555-5555-pause-pause-pause-2-pause-1 will : dial 555-555-5555 wait for the call to connect press '2' ( for a menu option ) wait for the next menu press '1' ( for a menu option ) this might serve your needs if you know the menu layout , but otherwise i think you are stuck ( unless you want to use headphones as lie ryan suggests ) .
you can back up your sd card to a pc by mounting it from the pc or over the network with a number of different syncing tools . this will not backup each application 's state unless they specifically have exported configuration to the sd card . this will include all your pictures . you cannot back up application state ( to a pc ) without root . see the other " possible duplicates " and " related " questions for how and why this is . there is supposedly a backup api built into android ( developer guide ) but i have yet to see that actually be used , or see any reports by others of it working .
without root : no , for security reasons this command is only accessible for the superuser . standard firmware , rooted : yes , if the partition you like to remount is not in a locked flash region ( htc calls that s-on/s-off )
your mention of ' reset ' is a little unclear , if it is : you did a reboot and it is still broken : it might be broken settings , but that is not easy to debug and fix manually backup via recovery first ! do a wipe dalvik cache via recovery else , reinstall your current rom and google apps , maybe this helps see what adb logcat outputs during boot/runtime , maybe this sheds some light ( hacky , via adb shell ) you can also forcibly rename /system/app/phone . apk to phone . apk . off and reboot , then do a backup of all needed stuff and then reinstall your rom and gapps if all that does not help , consider wiping . titanium backup pro allows extracting backups from your saved nandroid dump ( from step 1 ) fully wiped and still not better : has to be something different than settings , either a faulty rom or a hardware issue backup via recovery first ! install cm7.2 ( see last sentence ) , wipe cache and dalvik cache via recovery ps : cm7.2 is out since june 16 , 2012 .
i had trouble downloading the latest update . what i did was from the list of applications in the market , i did a long press and cancel download . after that i was able to select it and download it successfully .
i have not seen this particular issue before , but kevin purdy 's " holy trinity " of steps to take with apps that just are not working properly is : from settings | applications | manage applications | &lt ; application&gt ; force stop if that does not help clear cache if that does not help clear data and if that still does not help , try the nuclear option : uninstall and re-install
there is a bluetooth connect and play app that can intercept the incoming " play " command . while it was originally designed to let you start a specific music app playing when a specific bluetooth device connects , you can instead select " stop music from playing " to keep any app from starting when the car connects .
it is not enough to make the developer options page appear in the settings menu ( by repeatedly tapping the build number ) . on that page , there is an option usb debugging , which defaults to off . when usb debugging is enabled , connecting your device to a pc using usb makes the " usb debugging connected " notification appear , regardless of whether adb is currently running on the pc .
the radio chip-set is more than likely , shared with bluetooth and thus issues the commands specific to bluetooth to be able to switch on the fm receiver . this will depend on the handset in question . you do need the headset to be plugged in as that acts as a fm antenna . the fm radio framework was an add-on to the cm source at the time of gb 2.3.7 ; the headset acting as antenna is indeed the mechanism ( do not ask me how/why , but its common among certain chip-sets that requires it ) . the actual fm radio app was developed by andorko , he used to hang out on the zte blade community , developed the radio and one of the cm devs on that same community , integrated the radio framework into cm , ( which was non-standard ) . as due to the popularity of the fmradio application , it was tweaked and adapted for other chip-sets in question based on handset . depending on handset , silicon industries is one , si470x ( x being 8 or 9 ) is common ( used on galaxy 5 , zte blade ) , there is texas instruments ( ti ) which shares the bluetooth functionality within the ti chip-set - we are talking soc ( system on chip ) , by sending a series of bluetooth hci commands , the fm radio receiver starts up . by your comment below ' why did it work before ? ' that is assuming it was a stock rom that came with galaxy fit handset , then in that case , the fm radio support was based on some proprietary software within the stock fm application itself . cm 7.2 handled it differently using a non-standard framework for communicating with the fm radio , in which the above radio application that comes with cm , was adapted for that very reason .
thanks all for your help i can confirm that : i had a rom ( from orange france ) without any way to put my phone in download mode the little device here http://galaxy-download-mode.blogspot.ch/ works i was then able to upgrade my gt-i9000 and now home+vol down + power works ( so not download mode was not an hardware issue )
my first instinct is to say the partitions are messed up . i would try using the " shipped rom " from here and re-partitioning via odin . i found the . pit file here .
according to this page the original stats are this : input ( ac ) : 100-240v , 50/60hz output ( dc ) : 5v , 1.8a here 's an image : the newer charger is 9v and 1.8a .
go to google dashboard and sign in with the same google account you used on your phone . click the arrow next to android to see a list of all your devices with backup data . at the bottom is a button , delete backup data . this button deletes the backed-up data from all devices . there is no way to delete the data from a specific device . if you want to delete not only the data backed up using the " back up my data to google servers " option , but also other synced data like gmail , contacts , calendars , google docs documents , you will find them listed in their own sections on the same dashboard page .
it is just an updated version of the music app ( new , fancy ui ) , supposedly ready for full google music cloud , for when it comes to the uk . i was unable to view the details in the market like yourself , but i could actually do the update . nexus s on 2.3.4 too . did you by any chance get an update notification for google books too ?
i am posting the solution ( as @danhulme asked me ) despite the fact that it is trivial . if you already use latest drivers and have no option to reinstall a part or entire system , the only way is to keep trying with what you have again and again . i do not know what exactly happened , but after a day of trials ( plugging the new device and removing it , pointing the system to the drivers in this way or another ) it was finally connected . as for the other side-question about mtp , it was actually answered by @eldarerathis in comments : mtp mode can be enabled/disabled in settings > storage > ( overflow menu ) > usb computer connection .
no and no . in the first case , the app is not downloaded from google play , it is downloaded from another source . in the second case , it is shipped with the rom , and has no ties to google play . however , if you supply the apk via other means than google play , you can not use google play 's update features .
since android does not really have control or alt , you might be able to get a virtual keyboard with them but i very much doubt there is a device with them on a physical keyboard . your best bet is a shell with support for these keys . terminal emulator does ctrl+key by holding volume down and pressing the key , for example .
go to settings > developer options and change window animation and transition animation to 1x for the default or 0 for the speediest ui response
disabling the default action for an intent is easy enough to do on ics . from the launcher , press the menu button , and choose Manage apps . select the app that you chose as the default for the action . scroll down and touch Clear defaults .
i would suggest flashing the stock ics ( or gingerbread , if you prefer ) rom via odin . full instructions here . get the official image from http://www.sammobile.com/firmware/ ( search for " n7000" and select the download for the appropriate region . ) download and install the usb drivers ( for 32 bit or 64 bit windows ) download the odin tool . extract the contents of the downloaded rom and place it somewhere on your pc . reboot the phone into download mode ( volume down + home + power buttons . ) run odin and connect the phone to the pc via usb . odin should recognize the phone by showing a yellow [0:COMX] sign in one of the " id:com " boxes . select the " pda " button and browse to the extracted tar file . make sure that only two boxes are checked in odin - Auto Reboot and F.Reset Time . click " start " . this should refresh the phone with a brand new os and all prerequisites .
mostly likely the update over the air downloaded the wrong archive , which failed to automatically install . in addition to that i found on several forums that the phone had many broken stuff after such update . therefore i have decided to update it manually . i have downloaded the zip archive with latest official firmware , put it on my sdcard , rebooted the phone into recover console . it automatically found my zip archive and the phone was updated . everything works fine now . the complete instructions together with latest firmware can be found here ( russian language ) : http://www.youhtc.ru/forum/showthread.php?p=304305posted=1#post304305 i have translated them in short below : download the zip archive with ruu_saga_s_htc_europe_2.10.401.8_radio_20.4801.30 . 0822u_3822.10.08.04_m_release_225161_signed . exe from here rename the zip archive to pg88img . zip and put it in the root directory on sd card power off the phone press volume-down button and then power button . the recovery console will pop up . the phone will automatically find the zip file and check it . it will ask you to confirm the update . if you are ok with that , the phone will be updated .
i had a problem with a secondary calendar which sounds similar . on edit the time zone changed . i went into the calendar and made sure all of them were set to my time zone . each calendar has changeable time zone on google calendars .
i am not 100% sure for all apps involved , but for most the " general rule of thumbs " applies : go to settings→apps select the " all " tab ( to also show pre-installed apps ) walk the apps one-by-one , open their entries , and select " clear cache " plus " delete data " especially exclude things like " google play services " , but include the " calendar provider " and " contacts provider " ( or similar named entries ) . it is a good idea to first make a backup ( just in case ) , and also to keep log of what you cleared . the former in case you hit one app too much , the latter in case you need to perform a factory-reset one day – as after that , sync would be automatically enabled by default , and you can only disable it after having finished the wizard and re-created your account – so all calendars , contacts , etc . would be back .
technical answer : yes . practical answer : it is hard . you will need : " manual intent shortcuts " app to add really custom shortcuts on the desktop ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=net.cwfk.ig88.intents ) . plus : knowledge how to generate a specific intent that does exactly what you want to do ( install above app and see what information it wants , you have to know exactly what to do ) . ps : i had a look at ezpdf and it seems to allow to launch a specific . pdf file by an intent at a given page , so your problem is solvable , but requires deep knowledge of ezpdf and android 's intent subsystem ( intent extra data : path , page ) . edit : sample for ezpdf , alas jumping to the page does not work , but the correct file is opened shortcut name : test action : android . intent . action . view category : uri : file:///sdcard/test . pdf component package : udk . android . reader component class ( fqdn ) : udk . android . reader . pdfreaderactivity extra key : page extra value : 14 [ ] broadcast regarding how to get those values : use a file browser to open the ' test . pdf ' file you want to open by the shortcut later . <code> adb logcat -d | grep -i ‘test . pdf’ you should see some line like this : i/activitymanager ( 123 ) : starting activity : intent { act=android . intent . action . view dat=file:///sdcard/test . pdf typ=text/plain cmp=udk . android . reader/ . pdfreaderactivity } </code> manual launch via adb :
it is not possible to get it in english . you will always get the text as it is " locally " . it is also a known annoyance .
after checking this on a samsung galaxy s 3 , a nexus 7 , and a nexus 10 , with several different keyboard apps , i could not see a similar issue , so i suspect this problem is specific to that model of phone . perhaps htc skimped on the touchscreen for this device , or did a poor job with the touchscreen integration . if that is it , there is probably nothing you can do but hope that a software update will fix the problem . alternatively , it could be a problem with that particular phone . try giving the touchscreen a wipe with a damp cloth . try to get access to another phone of the same model and check if it has the same problem : if it is only your phone , you should take it back to the shop and have them fix it .
this may be solved by clearing the cache and data of the dialler app . to do this , go to Settings › Apps › swipe to All › select the dialler application from the list › clear Cache and Data .
go to Settings -&gt; Security -&gt; Screen lock , enter the pin once more and select Slide ( or what ever you had before ) .
you should be able to go into settings> application manager and clear data and cache for the firefox application .
from google voice settings ( on the web , not the phone app ) , under phones , select your mobile number , and edit . uncheck " receive sms on this phone "
it is possible that maybe your parents ( or your friends ) searched for it , or +1d it , or checked into it , and they are in your circles ! google regularly gives you suggestions based on what people in your circles like . take a look at http://www.google.com/policies/terms/changes/ feedback from people you know can save you time and improve results for you and your friends across all google services , including search , maps , play and in advertising . for example , your friends might see that you rated an album 4 stars on the band’s google play page . and the +1 you gave your favorite local bakery could be included in an ad that the bakery runs through google . we call these recommendations shared endorsements and you can learn more about them here . hope i helped !
youtube now has updated their player and to jump to small area , there is now a popup slider for us to pick the point .
download mode is for flashing radio firmware/rom upgrade through official means . some devices uses u-boot over the generic boot , it is a boot-loader code found in read-only rom chip on the board , which uses a certain memory address offset , in which the kernel from the /boot partition gets loaded into that specific certain memory address offset and jumps into that address and the kernel starts running . for details of the generic lk boot which is employed by most , if not all , qualcomm based devices , see this as for download mode , for example odin is commonly used on samsung devices to flash roms , those devices needs to be in download mode prior to flashing . however , odin is not the official way to do it , rather kies , is the official route in upgrading the firmware , this is for samsung devices for example .
i have asked a similar question about my browser . the consensus seems to be that these apps are normally pretty dormant when in the background , and my browser was behaving strangely . android 's designed so that you do not need to exit apps ( the system manages suspending and killing them ) ; so , unless you notice an app consuming an abnormal amount of cpu time while in the background , it should be safe to leave them be .
the application touch calendar free create entries in phone-only calendar called ' pc sync ' . it also has repeat option as ' repeat every x day ' where i have set as x=2 . these entries are visible in htc calendar too .
i believe you will find it in settings > notification settings > then make sure enable popup is not selected . ( i just tested disabling popup messages - it works . phone vibrates with new message , screen stays off . ) alternatively , you can keep popup enabled , select popup settings > then make sure screen on for popup is not selected . this should allow the popup when you are using the phone , but not when the screen is off .
you have multiple options to solve this : go to settings-> apps , scroll to skype , open it , and hit the " clear defaults " button if that for some reason does not work : simply install some other voip app , try to call a person again ( now you should be able to chose ) , hangup , and remove the other voip app again try default app manager lite , defaultapp reset , or similar apps to reset single default actions chuck-norris-mode : try clear default app for action to reset all default actions last ressort : uninstall and re-install skype all above solutions should reset the default app selected . besides : same procedure works for multiple web browsers , home screen replacements ( launchers ) , image viewers . . .
looks like this is a bug caused by agenda view and multi-day calendar entries . if you have one that includes the current day , calendar opens to the first day of that entry . fortunately , i think the bug is fixed upstream : http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=21605 simplest workaround is to delete the multi-day entry . :/
a hard reset is traditionally when you kill all power to the phone and then boot it up from that state . normally you remove the battery , then put it back in and boot up . you are right about factory reset -- it erases all your settings and data , leaving the os . unfortunately , some people use " hard reset " when they really mean " factory reset " .
the answer is not to copy to the directory named usbStorage . probably , just for galaxy s2 . create new directory named Media in / and move your music in it . then , reboot ( optional ) .
got same problem . here 's a fix . go to the advanced settings by typing " about:config " in the url string , filter settings by " font " substring and change the values of font names corresponding to your codepage from " sans . . . " ( not mono ) to " roboto " . restart firefox
if the dustbin animation is shown the voice note probably is deleted . or you can check all the saved voice notes on the sd card . the path is Whatsapp/Media/Whatsapp Voice
the first thing to remember is that when an app runs , it does not actually do computation for the whole time it is running : most of the time it is idle , waiting for data to arrive over the network , or while you are looking at it on the screen . only very badly-written apps and games keep the cpu active the whole time they are running : this runs the battery down very quickly , and makes your phone rather warm . so even if chrome has been on the screen for 30 minutes , it should not have used 30 minutes of cpu time . if it is completely static in that time and you are not interacting with it , it might not have used any cpu time at all ! but at the other extreme , even if it was continually scrolling a page , it would not use 30 minutes of cpu time : the screen updates every 1/60th of a second , and each time it just has to run for long enough to work out what the next frame should be . cpu foreground bearing this in mind , cpu foreground is how much time the app has been running on the cpu while an activity from the app was in the foreground . ( it might also include when a service from the app was in the foreground : that is , displaying an " ongoing " notification . ) it is not a very useful figure on its own . cpu total i am sure you already know that apps can run services and broadcast receivers in the background , as well as activities in the foreground . ( for more on this , see what&#39 ; s the difference between a service and a broadcast receiver ? ) cpu total includes all of this cpu use . if it is a lot more than cpu foreground , you might suspect that the app is doing a lot of work in the background and therefore might be a battery hog . how much is " a lot " depends on the app . an app that keeps running to check some remote service will use more cpu in the background than a sudoku game . keep awake when the screen of your phone is off , it starts to think about having a quick nap . it enters a low-power mode called sleep where the cpu is almost completely powered down until needed . because this can interrupt apps ' background activities , an app can use a wake lock to stop the device going to sleep until it is finished . ( there is also another kind of wake lock , which stops the screen turning off automatically . a video player might use that kind of wake lock . ) an app can also use an alarm to wake the device up to perform some background tasks . keep awake measures the length of time that this app has used wake locks or alarms to keep the device awake when it would otherwise have been asleep . in a way , this is potentially the biggest drain on battery . sleeping uses much less power than staying awake , so if an app keeps a wake lock for a long time , it is keeping your device in a high-power mode all that time , even if the app is not doing any useful work . if you see an app whose keep awake time is more than a few seconds , you should report a bug to the app developer , and you might consider uninstalling it . 30 seconds over the course of a whole day is reasonable for an app that does work in the background , but most apps will show less than a second here .
there is an article that discusses the semi-technical reasons/issues that have lead to the differences in smoothness of android and iphone devices . but after gathering some key points from the article one can conclude : from the very start , ios had been built around a multi-touch screen ( meaning ios had been built from the gound up to be very responsive as opposed to most other oss that adopted full screen multi-touch displays ) yes , it is not always hardware ( processing power ) dependent it is merely a result of ios operating system giving more priority to ui rendering , etc where as android distributes the processing power equaly ( this may be an advantage or drawback as with a faster ui everything from download speeds to loading content will slow down ) ui rendering occurs on the main thread of an app ui rendering has normal priority android is very popularly known to be highly customization and it is simply a matter of tweaking kernel parameters like ' lowmemkiller ' that can make ui : amazingly smooth -- easily as smooth as the iphone or wp7 phones it is not that android lacks the potential , but simply that developers prefer to spend resources elsewhere ( like on the bigger screens of some devices ) . then why does not android spend more resources on ui ? well , android is widely distributed among a wide variety of devices , and that is exactly why when it comes to android , only individual owners can overcome these ( there is no optimum setting android developers can set . . . every device that runs android has its own set of ' optimum settings ' and every user has his own perspective on what they should be ' optimum settings' ) . so the solution , balance the power . . . and no it is not something that has been ' overcome ' on newer android devices . but it depends on what you mean by overcome , as the lowmemkiller of rooted android devices can easily be tweaked ( but it comes as a cost to battery , etc . . . ) for more technicality , see dianne hackborn and andrew munn
there seems to be a range of apps that may do what you are trying to accomplish . here are a couple that look like they have potential . root call blocker pro call guard call blocker gold outgoing call blocker
as far as i know , it breaks down into this : other : this is ram that is unavailable right now because it is in use by services that are actually running ( it might be ones that can not be killed , in fact ) . using your example , there is 78 mb of ram in use by 4 processes , hence "78 in 4" . avail : the first number here is the amount of ram that is completely free and not allocated to any process ( the 109 mb in your example ) . the second number is allocated but the process is in a state where it can be deallocated . thus , "58 mb in 8" means there are 8 processes that are currently holding 58 mb of memory , but they are paused/frozen in the background and that 58 mb can be reclaimed by the os if an active process needs it . edit : as jake pointed out in the comment below , you can find a description in this entry on the android developers blog ( scroll all the way to the bottom ) .
summed-up solution from above comments : you can use a filtering proxy like e.g. filterproxy , which lets you define what urls should be blocked . to prevent other users from simply disabling the proxy then , you could protect it using an app locker like e.g. app lock .
maybe not exactly what you had in mind , but coming close : there are several clipboard-action apps available which might come close to that . i did not try them , so no guarantees – but their descriptions are promising they can do that . two examples would be : speaklip auto speak clipboard 2 hopefully one of them proves helpful to you . good luck !
here are all the emoticons from ice cream sandwich with typed string . and a couple of extra ones that are not mentioned above . from http://juxtaposedgraphix.blogspot.in/2012/09/android-40-ics-emoticons-ice-cream.html
finally it works , i am using the google usb driver . the problem is that i have to keep killing adb . exe before doing anything really ( e . g . building and pushing an apk to the phone ) , otherwise it can not find the device .
1 ) copy the .obf file to your osmand folder , for instance /sdcard/osmand . 2 ) in osmand , enable the " poi > any " layer . 3 ) sometimes it does not work immediately , in such case restart your phone ( there might be faster methods but at least restarting works )
just a guess , but worth trying : i did the same with locus maps . i created a kml , which imported fine , and could be used as layer there ( locus even supports kmz containing images and more , so you could use that for a " self-made travel guide" ) . the article using kml files on the same site suggests at least the kml part should work with osmand as well , so i considered placing this as answer ( instead of making it a comment ) . this article even explicitly mentions pois – which probably is the reason your linked article contained that few details : you may use any format containing your pois , if you are able to convert it to osm format . and all points inside the kml file are converted into osm points , assigning them some properties like tourism category and museum type . note the categories mentioned here match those on your linked article .
i solved this by reinstalling the store update ( i.e. . switching it back to the basic market app and let it update again )
there are several approaches possible . some devices already ship with some kind of power management , which just needs to be enabled ( check in settings ) . apart from that , specific power management apps are available in the playstore . e.g. battery life saver can be configured to take actions on " battery low " , like switching off wifi , bt , and others ( not sure if a power-off is included here as well ) . big battery promises to allow a shutdown at battery-low in its donate version . and then there is always tasker to do things like shutting down the device at 20% , or shutting off wifi etc . at 30% , and so on . as a free alternative , automateit can do the same . but i am afraid in both cases , this will require a rooted device .
use one of those : <code> cat /proc/mounts mount # free disk space of mounted fs ' df # this shows you available devices cat /proc/partitions </code> ps : lines containing asec are moved-to-sdcard apps ( it is each an encrypted volume per app for security reasons )
in Settings-&gt;Accounts and Sync-&gt;Your Google Account make sure google photos is selected this is in Settings-&gt;Google in 4 . x . edit : i just checked , and reinstalling the google+ all fixed this . uninstall the app , then install it again . you then need to go into the settings menu and enable instant upload .
have you tried using an alternative sms app ? handcent is very popular . it has always notified me of a new sms even with the message still open . edit : if you do not want to switch sms apps , you can also use sms popup .
looking at your profile it looks like you are based in the uk ? if so you should have no problem running the samsung 's european jpo release of the galaxy s froyo software that went out to unbranded uk galaxy s 's a few weeks ago . as this is an official samsung release there is no need to root to apply it , you just need to trick samsung 's software into installing it for you . to start with i will make the assumption that you have no problems running the kies software , that it recognizes your phone when you plug it in , and that you get a " you are already running the latest release " message when you click the firmware upgrade link . ( this is a big set of assumptions given the quality of kies , if any of these are not true , then you need to get kies working properly before going further ) . this post on vodafone uk 's galaxy s forums lays out the steps samsung galaxy s - froyo update ( android 2.2 ) ( reply 113 ) . i will summarise them below as vodafone are about to upgrade their forums to new software , so i have no idea if the post will survive , or the link will still work in a week or two 's time , credit to " ado28" for these instructions . first of all you need to go into regedit and do some minor alterations to the registry . do not update kies ! if you do then i think this tweak won’t work ! the kies version i used was 1.5.0.10024_74 but i fooled it into thinking it was the latest version step by step guide back up everything you wish to keep , including apps , phone numbers , text messages etc because we are going to wipe your phone clean before we start ! go to settings – privacy – factory data reset and click . follow the prompts and then let it wipe your phone . now you have a bare naked phone again and can proceed onto the next step . open up kies and leave running connect phone open regedit by clicking on start – run – then type in regedit and press enter scroll down to kies and look for “Localver” see pic change your localver code to 1.5.3.10103.100 now go to your device db folder and change your settings to these : " SoftwareRevision"="I9000XXJF3/I9000OXAJF3/I9000XXJF3/I9000XXJF3" " ProductCode"="GT-I9000HKDXEU" " HIDSWVER"="I9000XXJF3/I9000OXAJF3/I9000XXJF3/I9000XXJF3" " DEVCONINFO"="" delete the writing in this box and leave blank . now go back into kies and click " update firmware " this will now allow everyone who has jpa on their handset with the product code xee to be replaced with jpo and the product code xeu which is for the uk . once you have successfully updated then allow the phone to boot up . once booted up you will now need to go back into your settings and change your product code to xeu . to do this open your keypad and type in *#272*YOUR IMEI# and now you will be back to having a lovely wee choice of product codes to enter . choose XEU and install . the phone will reboot and you will now officially be on jpo with the correct product code xeu ! please note that by doing any update on your phone could cause it to brick itself . the guide i have written worked perfect for me however i can’t be held responsible if your phone bricks itself . to be safe always try the 3 button recovery method first before you update and also doing a factory reset first usually ensures a smooth installation of new firmware . extra note on kies : as stated above , this does not work with the latest version of kies . if you need an older version of kies then this version should allow you to do this ( according to xda ) : kies version 1.5.3.10093_82 . if you do end up uninstalling and reinstalling kies and find that it does not detect your phone any more , then first thing to try is clicking the menu icon in the top-left corner of kies and selecting the " install drivers " option .
es file explorer has support for several cloud storage providers . it allows to " copy " folders from your dropbox folder to your sd-card etc in a similar fashion as you would copy files locally . the " network " tab allows you to add an account .
i am afraid that the native facebook app is very limited in functionality . while it has improved ( quite a bit ) from its initial launch , there are still a lot of things you can not do in the app . you may be able to do what you need from the mobile-optimized website (http://m.facebook.com) but most likely you are going to need to hop over to your desktop and use the full website in your desktop browser .
ftp client lan samba client cloud storage connects over 3g 4g edge or wi-fi https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.estrongs.android.pop
battery monitor widget or similar might report the current ( it depends on whether the battery controller reports it or not ) , though i am not finding any reports on whether it works on your device or not . still , can not hurt to try it . alternatively , a usb multimeter , like this one , would give you definite readings .
okay since no one is willing to answer this question , i figured something out myself . here 's the key points : dlna : tcp level , http+soap interface based on upnp technology pull and push media contents remote control play/pause/seek miracast : transport layer protocol ap makes two device handshake , then two device communicate directly via wireless not only stream video/audio contents , but also mirro device screens from one to another .
yes , it is called the menu key
well , to put this another way : for gingerbread , storage space weighs around 95mb , give or take , including google apps , source code 6.5gb , compilation taking up approx 14gb space . android 's storage space for ics , weighs around 160mb , give or take , including google apps , source code 9.5gb , compilation - takes up approx 20gb space . as to jb , have not yet built it , but source code is 12.5gb , compilation takes up around 25gb space , various official jb images hovers around 200mb mark . the above ball-park figures above , reflects from gb , ics and jb . as for the future versions of android , only time will tell how much more space will be taken up , it will increase , no doubt ! as for the final image build output , this would be dependent on handset , as rom developers/manufacturers love to add their own bits , hence the inclusion of the " give or take " in the above sentences , not to mention carrier bloat-ware so the mileage will vary .
yes , based on those posts you definitely have a 2 . x radio that does not require the modified kernel . your radio version is also listed as supported on the dangerspl page . i think you are good to go , best of luck !
a subscriber identity module commonly known as sim card has a storage for text ( sms ) messages and contacts only . settings ( i presume you are talking about access points and gprs/3g configuration - clarify it you mean something else ) about your phone are not stored , except the carrier related parameters like message service center number , value added services codes etc .
if you did not explicitly configure your device to automatically use " open " and unprotected networks , it will only connect to those you explicitly tell it to -- so you need not worry about this . as for your "3g turning off " issue : that is very strange . something in your device still seems to think that , as soon as some wifi is near , you are going to use that . probably you can avoid this by turning wifi off . you need not do that manually everytime ( you might forget , and you might be annoyed when it is not on when you need it ) -- but rather let smart wifi manage this for you . this app remembers wifi networks you connected to . when you get disconnected , it will switch wifi off . as soon as it detects you get close to it ( it remembered the cell towers near , so this is it detects the area where you have been connected to some wifi ) , it switches wifi back on . it just could get weird with " mobile hotspots " , if you connect to another android device 's hotspot functionality in the middle of a desert , it would always turn wifi on at that place , even if nothing 's around . oh , well : no cell towers close ? so this will not happen : )
it does not look like there is any reliable way to unlock it without the unlock code . you should call the carrier and ask them to help you unlock it . most will give you the code if you are persistent enough , and apparently you can enter it by typing *#06# on the dialer .
if you do not depend on a data connection , there may be some solutions around : the google playstore has a lot of automation apps to offer , which you can use to set up more than this . in your case , this would be a time-based scenario : from 11pm to 7am , disable wifi and mobile data no data connection => no new mail => no new mail notifications . apps capable of things like that include e.g. timeriffic ( free , and one of the top-apps in this section ) , llama ( also capable of location-based and other rules ) , and -- my favorite -- tasker . though the latter is not the cheapest one , it is the most flexible , and you can get a 7-day-trial at their homepage . for examples what else you can achieve with tasker , you might also want to take a look at <a href="stackexchange-url what is cell standby and how can i keep it from eating my battery ? , and the examples at the mentioned homepage . also , a google search on tasker profiles will list you a lot of goodies . to accomplish your goal using tasker , simply create the following profile : context : time ( fill in your " from " and " to " to define the time frame ) task : net-> mobile data : set off net-> wifi : set off that is all . say you defined it as described above ( 11pm to 7am ) , tasker would switch off wifi and mobile data at 11pm , and return to the previous state at 7am . more solutions can probably be found here : is it possible to only silence certain notifications ?
this is a known bug in xperia z ( sources 1 and 2 ) . currently the only way to restore the led functionality is to : de-select Settings -&gt; Backup &amp; reset -&gt; Backup my data and Automatic restore perform a factory reset from Settings -&gt; Backup &amp; reset -&gt; Factory data reset complete the reset manually ( that is , without restoring apps/data from the google account ) hopefully this will be corrected in the next update .
other than being redundant and using more resources ( you would have two separate services running in the background all the time ) , you should not have any problems running both at the same time like any other application . i would see it as not much different than running locale and tasker at the same time . they might do very similar things , but they are not exactly the same .
a factory reset will not remove a custom rom unless the backup image in the custom rom is for a rom other than itself . this would be pretty unlikely . i think we had need to know your phone model and the rom you used to help you figure out why it did not write over the system apps . that is definitely not normal . normally virtually no trace of the old rom should be left .
make sure " usb debugging " option checked and your driver has been installed properly . you can try following step command : 1 . adb kill-server 2 . adb start-server 3 . adb devices hope this help .
since you are talking about tasker , have you seen this comment from their google play page : tasker integration : add a locale variable to your layout and set the variable name ( click it ) in tasker select plugins -> minimalistic text for an action click " edit " , a new activity starts enter the name of the variable and the text that should be displayed for this variable ( you can use tasker variables ) everything else is customizable . add a new row , and use the + button to select and add new elements by checking them .
this is a new feature as of android 4.2 . it serves two purposes : to focus your camera on what you click on long press it and you get a radial menu of different camera settings to change ( flash on/off , etc ) . this is the exact same behavior as if you clicked the icon in the top right corner of your screenshot .
no , 4.3 does not address that at all . you will still have to use the kernel that ziddey has posted on xda-developers . com .
your phone should be fine . android wont route phone calls through headphones though , iphone can be set to do so and uses the phones microphone . an option i use to attach standard headphone to my galaxy s is a simple bluetooth headphone adapter ( £10 from amazon ) , that way i get to use my headphones and make calls via them , plus you can keep you phone in your pocket when skating into town !
the built-in google voice commands can not ( at this time ) launch apps . however , a quick search on the market revealed a few possible alternatives . here are two : cyberon voice commander voice actions
unfortunately it appears your only option is an unlock code , i have just done a search . this xda thread has a couple ways to get into the unlock screen so you can enter the code . your options for get the unlock code are to ask the carrier the phone is locked to -- they might give it to you if they are feeling nice -- or to buy it online . there are no reputable sellers of unlock codes online , of course , but you could search around and find someone whose experience seems reliable and use the same service that they did .
the naming convention is derived from the java standards , and is comparable to an url , but in reverse . the key here is that it has to be unique , that is why it is so specific . in you example , com is the main category which is comparable to a top level domain , which can also be com . next is the company name king , which can be compared to a domain name , and finally candycrushsaga , which could be a subdomain . since the names have to be unique , this naming schema is quite usual , but can sometimes be divided even further by adding a subproject name to the end . for example king could separate games from other apps they have created by using the name com.king.games.candycrushsaga . according to java standards , the first component has to be a valid top level domain ( com , net , edu , gov , country-specific ) , but i remember also seeing package names that did not respect the standard .
there was no free option to fix this that i could find . there is a lot of junk on the play store , and it was kinda hard to find , but seems looking for " speed dial " in the play store was the key words i needed . i found and tried several apps , none of which were very good . i finally settled on this app : speed dial widget contact+ . it is the closest i have found to what i am asking above .
the ssh server does not set all the necessary environment variables so it is easier to use a shell script . when successful : # rescan-media Broadcasting: Intent { act=android.intent.action.MEDIA_MOUNTED dat=file:///mnt/sdcard } Broadcast completed: result=0  this works on cyanogenmod 9.1 . depending on your system the environment may be slightly different . note : in later versions of cyanogenmod / android the sd card may be mounted at /storage/sdcard0 . make sure you know where your card is mounted or this will never work . diskinfo may help here . thanks to dan hulme for pushing me in the right direction . references : http://developer.android.com/reference/android/content/intent.html http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1752749 http://intwoplacesatonce.com/ http://kennystechtalk.blogspot.co.uk/2013/08/start-android-media-scanner-from.html
you do not mention what version of the app you are using or which os version , but this is how i do it on my galaxy nexus with android 4.0 . open gmail app open the overflow menu ( three vertical dots ) and choose Settings tap the email account you want to use under " data usage " tap " manage labels " you will see your labels there , including " pseudo-labels " like " starred " and " important " tap the label for which you want notifications ( in your case , " important" ) if not already on , turn on Sync messages ( either last 30 days or all ) tap the checkbox for Email notifications choose your options ( ringtone , whether to vibrate or not , whether to notify once or not ) you can have different notifications per label per account , which is nice , but if you overdo it you will have way too many notifications in your notification bar .
my issue was resolved by upgrading google maps to v5.0 . for those troubleshooting this issue , also see this question ( which should probably be your first step ) : how do i set google latitude to auto-update with location regularly ?
this is now possible : https://support.skype.com/en/faq/fa12359/how-do-i-enable-or-disable-the-status-icon-in-skype-4-for-android-phones just tried it on my nexus 7 , works fine .
not to say a root terminal , most of such methods are utilising adb ( android debugging bridge ) to push root-related files and binaries into your phone to get it " rooted " . sometimes , there are also methods where you are required to boot into recovery to " flash " zip packages that contains those files , but this method is mostly device specific .
looking at this cyanogenmod source code ( which , according to the file history , does not actually have any cyanogenmod-specific changes ) , i see that the initial dot in proxy bypass list elements is just ignored , and an initial wildcard is implied — that is , you can write either example.com or .example.com in the list , and this entry will match example.com , a.example.com , a.b.example.com ,  … ( note that any number of subdomain levels can be matched , unlike , e.g. , with *.example.com in an ssl certificate ) . if your phone does not actually work this way ( e . g . , you add example.com to the proxy bypass list , but www.example.com still goes through the proxy ) , either this code was modified by the phone vendor , or a particular app is using its own implementation of bypass list matching instead of the system-provided code .
since the fbi cannot bypass the screen lock , i guess you will not . check out http://wired.com/threatlevel/2012/03/fbi-android-phone-lock
the feature uses bluetooth avrcp , the audio video remote control profile . it is used for controlling the app from the receiver ( e . g . play/pause buttons on a bt headset ) . avrcp level 1.3 is possible since ics and improved in jelly bean ; it allows all of 1.0 ( play , pause , next , . . . ) plus metadata information on the track itself ( artist , track name , etc . ) . it was also backported into cyanogenmod7.2 ( gingerbread ) . players themselves have to support avrcp 1.3 too , i guess . apollo might also support this . or just search for avrcp 1.3 in the store .
i was facing the same problem for long time on my galaxy s3 , at last i figure it out by default android sms allow you to send same message to multiple people without converting it to mms . but when you select the option Group Messaging under the multimedia message (MMS) setting it now set group messaging only for mms try un-checking the option hope this will help ( am using default sms of android ) screenshot ( click to enlarge )
tinyportriat ( solid ) : the user is reading the conversation . small phone icon : this indicates that the user is using the hangouts app on a mobile device .
use the popular barcode scanner app , it gives you a " share via barcode " option in the " share " menu when viewing a contact .
try : mount -o loop /sdcard/myimage.img myimage . " myimage " is where you can view the contents afterward .
ok , i have jumped the gun here and asked a question without trying things out first . the solution is simple and very secure . first , you create a pkcs12 combo-key on the server that combines the server certificate , the client certificate and key with openssl pkcs12 -export -in android.cer -inkey android.key -certfile ca.crt -name android -out certs.p12 . during that you hafta issue a decrypt password . you are perfectly safe transferring that combo-key to the sd card . next , you import that in the android secure storage and then you can delete the pkcs12 key . after that , you are good to go , the keys are in a password protected vault and thus inaccessible to anyone else . it goes without saying that you need to protect your phone with a unlock password .
if you are still paired to that media center , then unpair it and turn off you bluetooth visibility , this way media center will not be able to detect your bluetooth , but you will still be able to connect to other devices .
more of a status update than an answer : jelly bean 4.1.2 allows a landscape rotation on small screens . i previously had the same experience ( accidentally changed the rotation but could not reproduce it ) -- i received the system update yesterday and was pleasantly surprised after the reboot :- )
you could try emailing them to yourself or downloading them from somewhere ( dropbox public link or a web host of some sort ) . on most ( if not all ? ) devices you can just launch an . apk after it is been downloaded and it will open with the application installer . you had most likely also need to allow " unknown sources " for this to work , which should be found in the settings menu under Settings-&gt;Applications-&gt;Unknown sources .
to replace htc sense completely you will have to root your phone and replace the rom completely . please see this post for more information : stackexchange-url if on the other hand you are looking at replacing your homescreen/launcher then there are plenty of options . launcherpro adw . launcher helixlauncher plenty more . . . i personally have launcherpro and have upgraded to the plus version . the plus version has 90% of the widgets sense ui has but is in my opinion far quicker , more stable and has way more features . nb : i do not believe any of these launchers allow you to utilise the widgets from sense ui . edit : just to answer your comment . launcherpro is an app you can download and install from the android market . once installed clicking the home button will prompt you to select which launcher you had like to use ( either launcherpro or sense ui ) . all you would do from there is check the " default " checkbox and select launcherpro .
this is only any use to you if your pc has an hdmi input , which is very unusual . you will only have such a thing if you deliberately bought video capture hardware and attached it to your pc . if you have such hardware , you should use the video capture software that came with it . trying to use camtasia to capture it would be like trying to use camtasia to capture from a webcam . in addition , depending on what adaptor you use , your video capture hardware may also need to support mhl ( the wire protocol used to send video data over the micro-usb and hdmi connectors ) . see my answer on how does mhl work ? for more details .
try adb shell ls -l /sys and check the output . most likely , access to the /sys/module directory has limited access . it does not matter that your device is rooted , when you are not using your root powers . to view the contents of " restircted directories": # open a shell adb shell # obtain root permission su - # now access your target ls -l /sys/module  when issuing the su - , you will have to approve a popup to confirm superuser access − at least on the first try . you then can tell your superuser/supersu app to remember your choice .
do you have an app called gallery ? i have it in my list . i would say just drag that on your homescreen and you should be good to go .
this ended up being an extremely simple fix but took me a long time to do . open the hangouts app and go to settings select your google account scroll down and click ' sign out ' back in the main listing , click the sms dropdown click on your google account and that is it ! all my contact images showed up correctly and change when i change their photo via the contacts app .
i have looked a number of products and i have got to say touchdown by nitrodesk always comes out on top . i have just returned to android after a short spell with wp7 and fogot how much i relied on touchdown . my favourite is the fact it will read out emails , which is useful !
you do not need to remove default google account or factory reset to ditch double notifications . use any one of following methods which suits you best : from Settings ~> Accounts &amp; Sync , choose the default google account and turn off gmail sync . after that , you will receive notifications from k-9 mail , only . in some android versions , if you turn off all sync options listed under a google account , a sign out button is appeared . all you need is to tap it . go ahead to try it . if you are rooted , delete /data/system/accounts.db file and restart the system ( on jelly bean , its /data/system/users/0/accounts.db and the location can vary with android versions ) . next time , you will be asked to add google account again .
this does not specifically exist , however there is the android backup system , which allows you to reinstall all the apps from the google server 's on the inital setup of the device . this will queue all the apps for install from google play . it comes on all android 2.2+ devices , however it is very temperamental . other than that , you could use a dedicated backup app such as titanium backup pro to regularly backup your apps , allowing you to restore them in one click should you need to . google play does not offer what you stated . ios offer 's this because they do not have permissions to show you ; )
you can change the dns settings in android , but you need to root your phone first : http://blog.varunkumar.me/2010/09/how-to-change-dns-server-on-android.html i do not believe there is a way to password protect the dns settings , but at least it would not be obvious for them to figure out how to change the settings . edit : of course , one thing you can do to at least protect your kids while they are in your home is to change the dns settings on your router . of course whenever they use your carrier 's data network , this will not help .
backup your data and perform a factory reset ( settings> privacy> factory data reset ) . then restore the data
it is impossible to obtain block level access to a block device without root , since all of those files grant the write permission only to root . at least i have never seen it any other way and i doubt that the s3 is an exception here . it is not because it is technically impossible , the default permissions simply forbid it . a this is done for a pretty good reason : it would be a major security issue if this was possible : the normal user could get a dump of all the filesystem data .
a few suggestions ( this is a shell so i am guessing you have basic shell commands ) one or all of these may work : first try : sh su then : bash su then : . /su if it has an extension give all the above commands a try with the extension of su also as a suggestion to see what commands are available just type : help [ edit ] since you mentioned not having root access try using the sudo command before su ( and the above commands if needed )
gingerbread is adding support for " extra hdpi " and " extra large screen " devices , but this primarily geared towards tablet devices than actual phones ( but who is to say that will not change ) . more information can be found here on the updated dev guide on supporting multiple screen sizes .
all that depends on your device , which must support this as well . android itself does support this since 3.1-honeycomb – and i e.g. successfully use an external keyboard with my tablets , which is just plugged into the usb port . the keyword to look for is usb-on-the-go . we already have more than 60 posts on this topic , which you might wish to check ( or start with the 9 most frequented to easier get to the core points ) . if those leave open questions , feel free to ask those in separate posts : ) edit : as dan correctly points out in his comment , if your device has a full-sized usb port , there is no need for otg . see our usb-host-mode tag for that .
that appears to be your carrier 's delivery report code . many ( but not necessarily all ) carriers implement it in some form or another , but the exact method can vary pretty widely . it is briefly mentioned on the sms wikipedia article . i do not recall exactly when the network sends the delivery report , but i am fairly positive that it would not be originating from the phone , and therefore would not count against any sms limit it may have . the device may respond to the provider when it receives the message ( though it may not since the carrier may send the report at some other point in the process ) , but the actual sms you get back should be originating from the network 's sms gateway , i believe . the phone 's os ( or sim ) may have some bearing on whether or not it " honors " the request , but i am not sure . i found a ( probably incomplete ) list of some of the various carrier codes here :
first i have to admit i am not an expert on device encryption . i cannot speak out of first-hand experience , but at least can give some background information which definitely will prove helpful here . so for one , there is the big confusion about storage naming . our storage tag-wiki can be a big help on this . in your specific case it is the question what " internal storage " refers to , and how that differs from " internal sdcard " ( which it does ) . so let 's see how our internal-storage tag-wiki defines internal storage : internal storage generally refers to the storage space on your device that can be used for installing applications and their associated data . i see our storage tag-wiki is even more precise/detailed : device storage : usually referred to as " internal storage " or " phone storage " . [ … ] on your device , this will be used for apps and data , and usually is mounted at /data internal sdcard : some devices offer a separate internal sdcard , where you can store your own data ( such as documents , videos , music files , pictures , etc . ) . so from this you can clearly see the difference . without root , you are not able to ( freely ) store your personal data ( as defined above ) on device storage . but our apps have their own specific directories here where they can ( and do ) save their settings , data , and more . second confusion is caused by different manufacturers using different " mount points " and access-paths for storages . as you describe for your device , they might even mount the sdcard inside the /data partition . however , if the encryption setup offers you separate choices to encrypt internal storage and internal sdcard , this should not matter : if you can tell it to not encrypt a given partition , one should assume it follows this advice . if , on the other hand , you do not get the option to not touch the internal sdcard , i am not sure it will be left out . in that case , it might very much depend on your device ( and system ) . when switching from ums to mtp to provide access to your " internal sdcard " from your computer , for many of them there was a second change going along : to not " fragment " the internal storage space ( i.e. . " internal storage " running low while there is plenty of space available on " internal sd " , or vice versa ) , they just use a single partition to hold both . the " internal sdcard " then is created as fuse device , in simplified terms : pointing to a directory on internal storage . if that is true for your device , encryption of " internal storage " most likely will affect the " internal sdcard " as well . but as initially stated : i have no first-hand experience here , and thus gladly accept corrections in the comments .
from forums : tsuda quote : originally posted by stevhorn i can confirm this works with the mk802ii , but i do not know about the mk802iii . http://www.aliexpress.com/item/apple...661773412.html yes , it works on the mk802ii . the iii has the same ethernet config screen in settings so it should be the same . i will try it this weekend and let you know .
i just found a free sensors diagnostic app , install it and run it in order to see if it is a hardware problem : z - device test
here is what i use that do not need an internet connection : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.androidintercom https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.remaller.android.wifitalkie_lite
i just called verizon customer care . they had me dial *900 and that fixed the issue . this cancels any possible call forwarding . works like a champ now .
the following terminal command should enable bluetooth via adb shell or terminal emulator app : su am start -a android.bluetooth.adapter.action.REQUEST_ENABLE  on most versions of android , this command will present a pop-up window to the user asking to confirm request to enable bt . i believe this was done for security purposes whenever an app that is not system is toggling bt . i have not found a way to disable bt via a shell command unfortunately . with wifi it is a lot easier , and does not prompt user for permission : su svc wifi enable  will turn it on , and su svc wifi disable  will turn it off .
swiping apps out of the recent apps list is vanilla , and yes , not well documented . this has been the topic of a decent amount of discussion on various android forums . . . the consensus seems to be best described here in some comments : that the behavior is similar to but not exactly the same as closing an app -- in general ( for apps that do not define explicit back button handling ) it is the same thing as hitting back enough times from within an application that you exit out of it . the link has some more details on the specifics , but overall you can think of it as quitting the application . specific to the music app , i believe it starts a service , so while the task itself ( the music app/ui ) may be closed , the service continues to run in the background so that your music does not suddenly stop just because the task got cleared out for memory management reasons . that may have affected what you saw .
it could most likely be a bug . i suggest you upgrade your android via kies or manually . galaxy nexus is known to have a similar software issue with volume : http://techie-buzz.com/mobile-news/galaxy-nexus-to-get-a-software-update-to-fix-the-volume-bug.html perhaps it could be the same with your s2 , especially since it is on older android version .
unfortunately , it is not possible . those apps rely on parts of the touchwiz framework to operate . no touchwiz , no apps . the only way would be to install a custom touchwiz based rom . it would give you some of the performance improvements of cyanogenmod but with access to the samsung apps .
the menu for each file ( the one you get by clicking the down-triangle-in-ring icon , or by long-tapping a file ) should also have a move item between rename and export . clicking it brings up a selector you can use to select where to move it to . i can not imagine why you might not have that item .
it should be noted that the dropbox app does not actually sync the files to your phone , it just presents you with a list . whenever you select a file in the dropbox app , then it downloads it to your phone . on my incredible , the dropbox folder is just in the root of the sd card .
thanks for the suggestions ! after i posted this i started changing my search terms . macro brought up my salvation . using macrodroid i created one macro that hit the home button , another macro that killed the calendar app running in the background and another macro that started the calendar app . i set the calendar app to open to day view by default . without rooting the devices i could not just kill the application and restart it . turning off the display also did not do it . along with these 3 macros i added one to turn off the display m-f @ 7pm and one to turn it on m-f @ 6am . so for my needs the free macrodroid ( comes with 5 free macros ) worked perfectly !
the information below is from a developer website , it is the closest i could find to a definitive answer . from website : if you are using api level 7 or lower , use getexternalstoragedirectory ( ) to open a file that represents the root of the external storage , then save your shared files in one of the following directories :
well , this sony ericsson sync tool seems to work , specially if you want to move contacts from another sony ericsson device from your new one ( they claim you can also synchronize your data from other devices , as long es they support syncml ) . but i personally use gmail 's contact management , which is easy to use , practical and safe . obviously is a good idea to auto-synchronize it , as you did , even if you were not aware ; ) . after reading your post i have been playing with the Backup &amp; Restore tool , and i realized they warn something like : contacts synchronized using other services are not included . * *i do not know if this is the actual english message , cause my phone is in spanish , but should be somehing like that , should not it ? regards .
i would assume this is due to the cell radio firmware , not android . but i am not sure . in many cases you can flash older modem firmware using odin or clockworkmod , so you could test and see if the froyo firmware affects this under gingerbread . there should be a thread in the galaxy s forum on xda with the modems , i will update this if i remember to look for it later .
mininoteviewer (https://market.android.com/details?id=jp.gr.java_conf.hatalab.mnvhl=en) basically works the way i want . there is no explicit switch between " edit " and " view " modes , but it does not pop up the keyboard until you tell it to . good enough . also jota view ( https://market.android.com/details?id=jp.sblo.pandora.jota ) can be set to not pop up the keyboard when you are viewing a note ( preferences-> input-> viewer ) , though the app is overcomplicated imo .
yes . and not just for the inbox , but inbox and sent may be the only folders synchronized by default . note : this answer was written about a now obsolete version of the gmail app , which continues to change in its user interface over time . the answer will not be updated to track that evolution , as there are multiple versions in use at any time which behave differently , and it is ultimately the idea rather than the specific steps which are important .
never heard it was , and i am pretty sure if it were i had heard . ( originally " ximian evolution " , by the way ; ) neither have i heard of something comparable . mail , calendar , todo etc . are available as separate apps , sometimes also in combinations , but then mostly only combinations of calendar + todo , not with mail . closest coming is probably pocket informant ( usd 10 ) , joining calendar , tasks , and contacts : pocket informant 3 ( source : google play ; click image for larger variant ) i personally favour a combination of business calendar ( bought the pro ) , business tasks ( integrates neatly into their calendar app ) , and k-9 mail instead on my android devices ( and yes , on my computer i use evolution ) .
just to close this issue , i exchanged the device at the vendor ( same model ) , upgraded to kitkat , and everything seems to work fine . sorry for not having a more technical answer , i would love to have one , but in the end i needed a phone that works .
solved it by clicking reset app preference from the action bar in settings
try using delayed lock - works with ics but you need to be rooted only if you want pattern lock . pin and password lock do not require a device to be rooted to use this app . there is a trial version which i highly recommend you try and use before making a decision . there are also available free plugins to automatically keep the device unlocked while connected to a specific wifi network / bluetooth device or at certain locations .
have you tried clearing the data for the app ? or uninstalling then reinstalling ? or does hootsuite cache unsent/failed tweets to the cloud ?
i had the same problem when i originally rooted on my droid with stock rom . eventually a newer version of froyo came out and i had to upgrade ( and lose root ) or switch to a custom rom . i ended up switching to cyanogenmod . no more nagging update messages and i kept root . you might want to consider rooting your phone and switching to a custom rom for the incredible .
the purpose of the lockscreen is to prevent someone from accessing your data , which would be erased by performing a factory reset . a fingerprint scanner is not more secure than a password , it is only more convenient . a few cases where it falls short as a password are : you leave your fingerprints everywhere its easier to obtain your fingerprints by force , than a password its harder to change your fingerprints than a password and fingerprint lock in samsung galaxy 5 easily defeated by whitehat hackers
take any nfc enabled thing to test it out and install this task launching app . now create an action using the app to do anything ( click the + icon and follow instructions ) . when it asks you to write the tag , just touch the back of the device to your nfc enabled thing . it may fail to write , but it will still work . examples of some nfc enabled things you might just have lying around : metro cards some electronic keys any other nfc enabled phone
is the menu bar at the top of the screen , instead of inside the window ? that is how unity ( the desktop environment in ubuntu ) works .
i have found it , i needed a y-cable and i needed to activate the usb host mode by using this command in the terminal emulator : su insmod /system/lib/modules/ehci-hcd.ko  that activates the usb host mode . and the phone does not mount the flash drives so i have to mount it manually : cd /dev/block ls  the terminal emulator should turn out something like uba , uba1 then create a folder in your sdcard called data ( or whatever you like ) and then type the one ending with 1 ( i.e. uba1 ) like this : mount /dev/block/ub*1 /mnt/sdcard/data  ( * ) stands for the changed letter because it always starts with ub and ends in 1 but the third character changes between a , b , c , . . . . then open any file explorer and do whatever you want with data folder in your sdcard and then just unplug it , no need to unmount safely .
there are two versions of the tablet , one with mobile network and one without . make sure you have the right firmware installed so that you get the right options .
some devices ( i do not know about the nexus 7 , but i think it will be about the same ) only charge when they have still a little charge left on their battery , because - believe it or not - charging happens electronically . so it can be that your device has absolutely no juice left to run . an example of such a device is the blackberry playbook ( not android ) where this trick works when your tablet does not want to boot . but there is a simple solution for that , which can take some time . try to keep your device awake for as long as possible , even if that means you have to restart it a couple of times . of course you do this while your charger is connected . after you have restarted it a couple of times , it should normally boot up . i expect it will take about 7 or 8 boots for the battery to be charged at minimum level again . after that , make sure you keep the device connected long enough so the battery is fully charged ( have a look in your user manual how long it is recommended , most tablets need about 8 hours ) . another option is that your device just needs a little more juice to start . in that case you should leave it plugged in for some time ( i recommend at least an hour ) before booting . tl ; dr : two options you could try : 1 ) just keep restarting it , after a while it will start as normal . recharge the battery for a long time ( probably around 8 hours ) . 2 ) leave it plugged in for a long time before restarting
search and download unlocker or screen lock bypass app from internet ( which are no longer available in play store ) . push it to the system from recovery ( with update . zip ) . start the system .
i played with fire and went ahead and backed up my data with tb , flashed a custom rom ( paranoidandroid 3.0 ) and restored the backup ! well , this is how it went : whatsapp - restored the data without re-registration tango - re-register viber - restored google+ - log in required and configure the settings facebook - already logged in ( but re-sync contacts ) path - already logged in
its called easter egg . all android versions contain same feature . you just hold that screen for 2 sec , and some more will be displayed . jellybean ice cream sandwich honeycomb gingerbread
it comes with an ac adapter and a charging/data cable which can plug directly into the tablet , though it does still use their proprietary cable connection since it plugs into the same connector that the keyboard dock uses ( the other end is male usb ) . using proprietary charging cables is not unheard of - samsung and apple have done this ; i do not personally like it when companies use proprietary cables , but in this case it is mostly because the charging/data port doubles as the dock connector . here 's an image from engadget 's unboxing/review of the prime . the ac adapter is at the bottom .
the newest version of the gmail app supports file downloads , rather than previews . if you are using the website i would think that foley is correct .
the screenshots of the cn version are all in chinese , also the language code for chinese simplified is " cn " .
for that/those particular piece ( s ) of malware , the answer is probably yes . a factory reset cannot always undo rooting , but that is normally due to the more " invasive " methods used for a few hard-to-root devices , and not a simple common exploit like the ones probably used in these rogue apps . a factory reset should also wipe out installed apps ( including the malicious ones ) or , if they are stored on the sd card or something , at least reduce them to uninstalled apps just sitting there -- and they can not do anything unless the user reinstalls them . factory resets may leave the /system partition intact , however , and any malware could theoretically have replaced system binaries with malicious versions or something along those lines . i have not heard of malware that does this , but to be on the safe side you would want to re-flash your rom and not just do a factory reset .
when you are talking about an android rom , you are really talking of a group of programs , including the android base system , that are put together to work with your phone and that once installed are what you see and use when you start your phone without installing any app from anywhere else . you can imagine that the rom is the operating system of your phone plus the “default applications” that come with it . the thing with android is that is open source , so come people have managed to build systems configured to offer the user some things the original manufacturers of the phones don’t offer . this is the case of cm7 ( cyanogenmod 7 ) . if i install gingerbread , is that a rom like cm7 is ? gingerbread is the codename of a version of android , the 2.3 , to be exact . andorid 2.1 --> eclair android 2.2 --> froyo android 2.3 --> gingerbread android 3 . x --> honeycomb ( only for tablets ) android 4.0 --> ice cream sandwich android 4.1 --> jelly bean cm7 is a rom that uses as base system the android 2.3 system , so you can say that cm7 is a rom based on gingerbread . confused as to what exactly to do after a root , can i install gingerbread without rooting ? that depends . if htc offers an official rom upgrade to gingerbread ( version 2.3 of android ) , you can . if htc doesn’t offer this update , then you can only install an unofficial rom ( like cm7 ) . if i want to install htc sense , is that a rom ? htc sense is a pack of applications developed by htc to customize their phones and make themselves unique . htc sense is not a rom , but you can find roms for your phone that are based on the official rom with sense and some of the other parts of the system changed . rooting a phone is the process to gain full permissions . it is the equivalent of being the administrator of the system . once you are root you have full access to the system , so you can change it .
autoupdates brick a lot of transformers when on cm . bad sounding situation , in my opinion . fastboot and adb are the only ways you could recover your device if you have a bad bootloader and recovery . have you tried holding vol-down while resetting with a paperclip ? that should force fastboot . if not , we can try adb . do you have adb access while your tablet is plugged in to your computer ? turn on your tablet so it is in recovery , and on your computer , run adb devices to see if your tablet is available . if so , adb -d reboot-bootloader should force your device to reboot into fastboot . from there , run fastboot erase x where x is : system recovery userdata boot misc cache and then after that , you can flash your files and/or restore your .blob files .
try aphonemetix completely offline phone usage analyzer . generates graphs and reports which you can share easily . ps - i am creator of this application .
you may be able to use one of these which has one 2.1a usb port , but only if the device you are charging supports it . most devices when transferring data lock the power output to the standard usb power standard when connected as a data device though . also if you are using a modded device with a usb fast charge enabled kernel , you will not be able to accomplish what you want because of how it is implemented . the force usb fast charge mode tricks the phone into thinking it is on mains power so it shuts off data ports .
it looks like i may have found the problem . the latest update from at and t ( 4.5.141 . mb860 . att . en . us ) which they pushed a few weeks ago appears to not handle a " forever " dhcp lease properly or my router does not properly handle a dhcp lease renewal when configured for " forever " . one does have to wonder why the phone was renewing a lease which had no timeout , and especially after only 150 seconds ( allowing for the 30 second network request timeout ) . coincident with the wifi dropping , the logs show the phone tearing down the wifi service and restarting it after a failed lease renewal request . because the router has always had a " forever " lease time , my money is on the update introducing a bug in the phone . from my phone log ( note there is a large time between the request and the renewal only because the log captures only a couple of minutes , so i had to capture a number of small log fragments before i tumbled to the dhcp connection ) : since changing my router to use a two week dhcp lease , the phone has had a stable wifi connection for an hour and a half , which is considerably longer than i have seen since i started monitoring this condition . assuming there are no further problems , i will accept this in a couple of days , indicating that the problem is indeed resolved . ( btw , the log collector i used is " log collector " by xtralogic inc , and " wifi analyzer " is by farproc ) . update : 2012-03-29 am : the root cause seems to be an inability to renew a dhcp lease - changing the lease time to 30 minutes caused the connection to drop precisely 30 minutes after connecting the phone to the router . update : 2012-03-29 pm : that there is a general problem renewing dhcp leases is born out by testing all day with a short lease time ; every ( or very nearly every ) attempt at renewing the lease fails , and then disconnects and reconnects the wifi service . now knowing precisely what the problem is and what to search for , it may be that this is a long-standing problem with the android wifi service , present since 2.2 and still a problem even in 4.0 .
it is impossible to boot directly into cwm recovery by key combination . however one can boot into " download mode " ( as described in question ) and then ( re ) flash recovery with odin , this will automatically reboot phone to cwm recovery
cyanogenmod is a tweaked kernel . because of this it is faster , since the team that make it work pretty hard to make android more faster and stable as possible and also it is already rooted , so you do not need to go all over the process of rooting again . i highly recommend you to check the cyanogenmod wiki
to add the current page as a bookmark , in the browser : menu-> bookmarks-> add bookmark then you can long click the bookmark and select ' add shortcut to home ' which will add an icon for the bookmark on the desktop . alternatively , long click on the desktop , then select add item-> shortcut-> bookmark
i think this might simply be something of a misunderstanding regarding how " download mode " works exactly . when you reboot into download mode , your phone does not automatically reflash itself . it is not capable of doing that , and in general this is a rare feature ( nook tablets can do this , notably , though not with " download mode" ) . instead , it is simply listening for commands from a pc , delivered via the odin or heimdall utilities . the reason your phone has been sitting in download mode for over an hour is because you have not yet told it what to install . again , it will not do anything by itself , so if you did not use odin to install the rom then it is waiting for you to do that . you will need to get odin ( or heimdall ) , find a rom to flash , and then hook your phone up to a computer and actually perform the installation . once that is done , it should reboot into the new rom , but until then it will just hang out in download mode waiting for commands .
there is no manual or faq i have found for the program so i am not certain if this is the way they intended it to be used . it does work , though , and i can not see an alternative method of using usb . you need adb installed along with the proper drivers for your device . this varies with platform and phone , so check google or xda . enable usb debugging on your device -- settings > applications > development > usb debugging plug in , start droid vnc server on a command line , run these commands : adb forward tcp:5801 tcp:5801 adb forward tcp:5901 tcp:5901 visit http://localhost:5801 with a browser or point your vnc client to localhost:5901 i do notice that performance is not any better over usb vs a 802.11g , so i would only recommend going to the trouble of this if accessing your device via wifi is not feasible .
this new feature is called next word prediction . you can easily disable it to restore the ics behavior but it is a bit hidden : go to settings > language and input tap on the setting icon beside android keyboard under the keyboard and input methods section at the bottom you will find advanced settings , tap it there you will find next word prediction , uncheck it : after that , typing i followed by space will bring up the punctuation again instead of predicted words .
first , htc is not . . . employing a filter or enhancement to make the photos look better . . . . second , this is the color settings of the screens . if you transfer a photo taken from a sony device camera to a samsung mobile device , you will see a huge difference . that difference is that you can not see the vividness and cleanliness ( i.e. . the beauty ) you saw in the photo of the samsung phone . explanation : the mobile phones has a ppi or dpi more than 300 whereas the computer monitors have around 150 - 200 . since you are seeing the pictures in a lesser pixel density while you are viewing them in your pc , you may fell that they do not look nearly as good . if you want the beauty you saw in your phone , use photoshop or any other photo editing app to increase the colors a little and adjust brightness and/or contrast or curves . our fellow se members of photography stack exchange will be glad to help you .
i am working from memory here as i am now running ics on my phone so i may be a bit off here . if you go into your phonebook settings , you should be able to stop it showing your gmail contacts . now , to get them into gmail contacts just do the following . go to your phonebook , this will now just be showing you the contacts stored on your phone . you should be able to export this as a vcf file . copy this file to your computer . now just log into your gmail account , go to contacts and then import the vcf from there . then delete all the phone contacts and re-sync your phone to gmail . you may still have to do a bit of merging if you have part of a contact saved in gmail and saved in the phone memory but this will take most of the hassle out of getting them into gmail .
had the same problem . solved it by clearing defaults in my gallery application .
closest thing i have been able to find is : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.burningthumb.premiervideokioskhl=en video kiosk display a folder of videos , continuously and robustly in a loop . video kiosk was designed with android tv sticks in mind ( tested on mk808 and mk812 ) but also works with any android device that you want to use to display a continuous series of looping videos . video kiosk can used to run the big screen at a gym , shop , or anywhere where you need to run an unattended display , so you can be sure it will work simply and easily . the only thing other people need to know how to do is turn the tv on and off - video kiosk takes care of the rest . simply put your video files in a folder , launch video kiosk and pick the folder that contains the video . optionally enable the launch at startup option so that when the device is ( re ) started , video kiosk automatically launches and starts playing video .
that will most likely depend on the device , a generic answer valid for all of them cannot be given . for example , the samsung galaxy s2 specs give 32 gb as max , still some user was able to get a 64 gb card working ( see : 64gb sdxc cards in galaxy s2 ) . for some older devices , the 32 gb limit might be a fact , while again others might just have specified it to be " on the safe site " . tl ; dr : yes , it is device dependant , some devices have their limits .
handbrake is a good program to rip and convert dvd video ( it may not work on certain copy protected dvds but that is a topic for another se ) . the stock video player plays h . 264 . mp4 videos well ( here are the supported formats ) . you can actually just use the iphone/ipod preset in handbreak , just change the width of the video to the height dimension of your phone ( so you can watch it in landscape , on the droid it is 854 px ) . it will output a . m4v format which technically is not supported but it will play because it is not drm'd by itunes . if you prefer another format like . avi , then you will need another player like rockplayer which supports many more video formats : avi mkv rmvb mp4 mov wmv asf wma wav mpg ts mpa dvd au mp3 mid ivf aiff ogm ogg cda flic d2v aac roq flac drc dsm swf pls pmp
a good application to do that is the samba filesharing . it shares your sdcard , making it easy to transfer files from/to your phone . settings after installing the application from google play , open it and fill a password by touching the password menu . the default username is sdcard and the default workgroup is workgroup . you can leave it that way or change it in a way that suits you . i would recommend enabling and selecting your wifi in the wifi white list . that way it only enables samba sharing when connected to your preferred network . that done , you only have to go to your network shares and look for a device called android . login name : sdcard pw : ( the one you defined earlier ) open the shared folder and it will ask again for credentials , and you are done . here you have a video that completes this information .
an sd card class basically the minimum sequential write speed that the sd card supports . testing the class of an sd is quite easy , just copy a 1 gb file to an empty card and measure the time it took for the copy . a class 6 sd card should support at minimum 6mb/s . also check out the markings on the sd card , there should a logo like the following : the number in the logo describes the speed class .
long pressing on the home button will bring up the six most recently accessed apps and you can switch them . how many stay in the memory depends on your phone and the size off the app . android keeps all opened apps in the memory until it needs space . there are countless apps that show what apps are running in your memory . search the market for " app manager " or " task manager " . one i particularly like is smart bar .
my personal solution would be to use widgetlocker and put a widget on the lockscreen , such as the built-in ics calendar widget . but that is just me : )
a microsd nfc reader has been certified for commercial use ( visa certifies devicefidelity’s in2pay nfc microsd ) . we used a nexus s to read , display , and share a video from an rfid sticker the internet of experiences : consumer-based advertising using the nexus s . xtremesignpost consumer-based advertising .
unless your phone have two sim card slots , support as you require is not possible . the market has adapters which goes into the existing sim card slot of phone and will help you to switch between sims after shutdown . the only advantage of using this instead of swapping sims by conventional way is to keep both sims together with phone and reduce wear and tear on the sim slot . samsung and other manufactures have dual sim phones which have two sim slots and the phone can be configured accordingly for usage . having said that , watch out for terminologies like dual active , dual standby . unfortunately confusion prevails even in manufacturer 's web sites . so , to be sure try the behaviour before you buy . you can read about these in the wikipedia .
if my understanding of your question is correct , your current system-cropped wallpaper is located at /data/system/users/0 under a filename of wallpaper .
i found an app called panic alert button which does exactly what i was looking for .
it can if you turn the function on in the settings . in the settings menu there is an option for " gps " , that when checked turns on geotagging : via gsm arena and careace
setting usb debugging did not resolve my issue . i upgraded kies to the latest version . and it worked well .
there is an app for this called secure deletion for android , which can be used to overwrite the data . another way to obfuscate the data would be to encrypt the device before using factory reset . this encrypts all your data , and after the device is reset , it will be very unlikely that the data can be recovered .
it could be done technically . afaik all communication between mms enabled components is done via standard tcp/ip . but in a regular provider setup the mms store and forward server ( s ) ( mmsc ) are only reachable via the providers network . that is why you can not send and receive mms via wifi . it is also the reason why you can not make a call and send/receive an mms simultaneously when you have only 2g ( gprs/edge ) connectivity . normally android will drop the gsm data connection if there is wifi connectivity and all data will be routed through the wifi interface , but there is one exception : the mms traffic will still go through the mobile data connection .
i believe the ' search applications provider ' has something to do with google 's internal phone data / app search apk either way : have you tried going into : settings > applications > manage applications > google search choose ' clear data ' and also ' clear cache ' . also there is an app in the list called : ' search applications provider ' linky , if your really struggling try uninstalling it . from the page linked it looks like other people have ! ( i have also read some other people back it up and freeze it with titanium backup ( ( i.e. . it is like a safe uninstall ) ) )
first , if your source is a file , adb push requires the target to be a file as well . hence , the correct syntax would be : adb push cm.zip /sdcard/cm.zip  second , a factory-reset usually does not touch the sdcard ( internal or external ) , unless there is an option offered to do so and you checked that . as for the link error : that looks like something on the device is screwed up . you are probably in recovery mode when trying this , and ( just a guess , but a good one ) the partition holding the required library file was not mounted . i do not know what options are available for your device specifically , but there are generally several ways to flash a device , as e.g. : update.zip via recovery ( which is what you are just trying ) side-loading via adb sideload using fastboot using a device ( or manufacturer ) specific flash tool , in your case kies , odin , or heimdall i would suggest the last mentioned method : you could e.g. first flash the latest official rom via odin/heimdall , so it is able to boot correctly again . after that , you would have a working device again , and could cleanup your sdcard to use the update.zip method for flashing your cm image . another way to free some space : if you know some of the " big filenames " , you could try using adb push to overwrite them with " small ones " . say , if there is a video file with 500 mb size in /sdcard/Videos/bigmovie.mp4 , you could take an empty text file empty.txt ( 0 bytes ) and push it over the video : adb push empty.txt /sdcard/Videos/bigmovie.mp4  this should set enough space free to finally push your cm.zip to the card .
im apps that do not require an additional account tend to be few and far between on android ( in my experience , anyway ) , but so far i have seen two : ebuddy - this does have an associated " ebudy id " account that you can register for , but you are not required to do so in order to use other protocols . im+ ( free , pro ) - same as ebuddy above . another potential selling point is that the tablet interface is much nicer , imho .
if you live in non-us country , then you can follow a guide for installing the us-based ics on you xoom that i have written up on my blog . the basic procedure is : install android sdk and motorola usb drivers on your pc download us honeycomb stock rom from here extract all files from this zip file into platform-tools folder under android sdk boot the device into fastboot mode . then from command prompt ( with current directory ‘sdk/platform-tools’ ) run following commands- fastboot oem unlock ( this is red pill , at this point your device warranty voids ! welcome to matrix ! ! ) fastboot flash boot boot . img fastboot flash system system . img fastboot flash recovery recovery . img fastboot flash userdata userdata . img fastboot erase cache now reboot the device go to settings -> about -> update , this will download subsequent rom update and will install it , and then reboot repeat step-7 until all updates are done ( will normally need 4-5 update cycles ) note that it will void your device warranty
i would suggest looking at alternative input methods ( keyboard apps ) that specifically support portuguese language . i personally used anysoftkeyboard , which does have a portuguese language pack . there are many other similar keyboard apps on the market as well . you might need to get them elsewhere though , since your build most likely does not have the android market access .
go to your settings -> applications -> manage applications . select the ' all ' tab and scroll to the current dialer app . scroll down and press the ' clear defaults ' button . now when you select dial , you should be prompted to select a particular app and also have the opportunity to set a new default .
i doubt it , since it is proprietary ; android by default only supports these codecs . it is not required for the speakers to work though , as far as i can tell .
if you do not want to/can not install the market on your tablet , you can download the . apk file for an app either directly from a website on your tablet or download it on your pc and then transfer it to your tablet . after that you can use any file manager to navigate to the apk and then click on it to install it ( you have to have third party app installation turned on ) . i usually get my apks at android community for devs
my motorola droid 2 ( vzw ) has a similar problem . my contacts menu has a " display group " option . this shows several options : create a new group all contacts favorites user created groups facebook contacts google contacts phone contacts as you can see there is no way to specify google contacts that are not " other contacts " except to create my own groups . unfortunately whatever group i show does not become the default group that shows every time i open contacts . i have decided to solve the problem just by using workarounds . for the couple people i call the most i have widgets on the home screen to call that specific person . ( long press home screen -> motorola widgets -> contact quick tasks ) for the next tier of people ( i will call them more than once in a while ) i just use favorites . either long press home screen -> shortcuts -> dialer -> favorites . . . or just hit the call button and choose the favorites tab . when i have to resort to the full contacts listing i just start typing the person 's name and that narrows the list to a manageable size .
no more unwanted unlock screen . something might have been wrong with the firmware .
the folders are already there , by default your inbox is shown , while inside your inbox , choose menu => folders and you will see a list of all your corporate folders . pick one to switch to viewing it .
you have to remove the automatically added server " hermes . jabber . org " . just leave the field empty . see https://dev.guardianproject.info/issues/2803
you could use manual intent shortcuts . it offers to add a custom launcher widget that sends intents defined by you . to launch the voicesearch settings window , do the following : add a new " manual intents shortcut " widget to your home screen enter a name action = " android . intent . action . main " component package = " com . google . android . voicesearch " component class ( fqdn ) = " com . google . android . voicesearch . voicesearchpreferences " leave all other fields empty , uncheck " broadcast " you now have a shortcut to the settings window you want . ps : i used apktool to inspect the androidmanifest . xml in voicesearch . apk ( system app , you need root to access it ) which lists this activity .
yes and yes . http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=8035 i have not seen any resolution to this except changing the router 's ssid if you have access to it .
i do not think gingerbread has a built in gmail widget but take a look on the google play store . i found an example : " gmail inbox widget " that is compatible with gingerbread and there may be others . you could set up gmail in the default mail app and use it is widget but that sounds like a horrible work around to me . aqua mail - email app says it is compatible with 2.1 and up . i think this would be the same as using the default mail client on your phone ( setting up gmail in the app and using it as an email client ) but it does have an email widget . email widget looks like it will do what you want but it is not free . check to make sure it is compatible with your version of gmail before buying .
the required part of a kernel . zip file looks like this : META-INF com google android update-binary updater-script  you will also want to have the kernel zImage file somewhere else , easiest if you just have it in the root of the archive . updater-script contains the following at minimum ( assumes zImage in the root ) : assert(package_extract_file("zImage", "/tmp/zImage"); write_raw_image("/tmp/zImage", "/dev/block/mmcblk0p8"); delete("/tmp/zImage") );  you can also do things like show a progress bar , print messages , wipe /cache , and so on . you will want to grab update-binary from another kernel package for the sgs2 . one at random is attached to this xda post . i tested this method on my sgs vibrant without issue , using a kernel from an odin package and an update-binary from another vibrant kernel . zip . note that this is perfectly safe as long as you are writing to the correct partition -- for the vibrant it was bml17 , for the sgs2 it appears to be mmcblk0p5 ( based on the kernel from xda i linked above ) or mmcblk0p8 if you are flashing an entire boot image ( see comments below ) . you will want to verify it for sure . worst case your kernel does not work and you flash a known good one .
try tapping on the name of the folder when the folder is open ( in this case " folder" ) . you may have to do a long-press .
finally , i was able to update the watch . this error persisted while i was staying in 3g-zone of local operator - unite ( moldova ) . ( i tried both - sharing 3g connection from the android phone and sharing 3g connection from router , in both cases update was failed with stacktrace above ) . as soon as i moved home to the fixed ethernet network i was able to proceed with update . in the same time , it was quite hard to proceed with installing update after it was actually downloaded . the " yes " button in the prompt " do i want to install update " was clickable , but there happened nothing on click . finally , after restarting and unknown action from me i was able to make update . i am happy now . : ) so , try to move to other internet provider and try to update there .
there is a reason why pressing ok has to be done and cannot be avoided is this - the pin number can be of any length of your preference , and by pressing ok that is signalling the intention that there i have all the pin digits entered , now android , please verify ! if there was a way to avoid pressing ok , that would impose the restriction on the length of the pin digits used , once the length of digits is reached ( for example the pin can be four digits long ) , then it would be automatic , but unfortunately in this case , no , you do have to press ok .
you might want to see apps you have installed previously but since uninstalled in order to find an app that you but want to recommend to a friend . you might uninstall an app by accident and want to find it again easily . google play needs to keep track of this information anyway , for two reasons:- you can only review an app you have installed ; even after uninstalling a paid app , it remains available to you , and you can reinstall it again without paying . deleting an entry only hides it from the list ( on all your devices and the web interface ) , and has no other effect .
afaik , mostly port 1-1024 on android phone are reserved for system , so the application other than system must use port > 1024 . i never use telnet , but i used ssh frequently to remote my phone , i use ssh server on phone using http://teslacoilsw.com/quicksshd maybe you can use ssh as an alternative to telnet .
ah , cripes . i do not know what on earth put this .nomedia file on the root of my sd card . problem fixed .
it does not matter where you put them . a convenient place usually is the ( internal or external ) sd card , where you simply could create a Photos folder , and extract your photos to . the gallery app simply checks the devices media database , it does not check the directories directly . this database gets fed by the so-called media scanner , which gets triggered by different system events , such as immediately after a completed boot , or whenever the sd card gets mounted . this is why you do not see the extracted images immediately . see my answer here for how to trigger it " on demand " ( hint : for kitkat , try the sd scanner app ) .
if your network is correctly setup , and both devices are on the same network then you can ping an android device just fine . i have just tested it on my office network . if your network administrator has configured the network such that devices can not ping each other , then obviously it will not work . similarly , it probably will not work if your phone is on mobile data , since most carriers do not allow incoming pings to devices on their network . connecting the device with usb makes no difference at all : pinging is a network operation , so it goes over the network connecting the two devices .
note that my other answer is more of a workaround ( but also something recommended by many even without problems ) that is almost guranteed to fix the problem . this is a direct fix which will most likely work , but i can not say that with absolute certainty as i can not recreate the situation myself . after some googling , i have noticed that your icon ( as you point out already ) is off-center and missing its text label . rather than the icon itself being stuck , it looks like what you are seeing is a stuck graphical artifact . this has happened to a few other users on other forums , and rebooting the device seems to be a fix for them . whether this works for you or not , i am posting it as an answer for the sake of future internet travelers who stumble upon this question .
i believe it closes the popup alert but leaves the message marked unread , whereas the close button ( the X ) will mark it as read and close the popup . edit : this seems to be supported by this comment from their website .
ok seems adb shell ran-as "package-name" ...  should do the trick , but because of a bug , this cannot be done on 4.3 system . bug : https://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=58373
yes , you do need to install a custom recovery in order to install cyanogenmod .
i found windows 7 bluetooth lacking so i bought a third party package and have no problem using windows 7 bluetooth with my android devices . the package was by blue soleil
as the " what is new " section says it is been updated for jelly bean , this looks promising : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.stericson.permissionshl=en i have never tried it , but assuming you are rooted , this guy 's apps are usually good .
i found this page on google 's support site which states the following about restoring your phone 's settings during the initial setup : " important : if you want to restore your settings , you must do that now during setup . you can’t restore data after setup is complete . " based on this , i am guessing there is no way to restore my account data at this point , short of doing a factory reset on the phone and starting over ( undesirable at this point ) . i would love to be wrong though .
the little arrow with the - means that you have status bar notifications disabled , which is why you are no longer seeing them . if you pull down the notification shade and then swipe the buttons to the right ( i believe it is to the right anyway , check both directions ) there should be a toggle to re-enable them :
from a couple of days a noticed too , that some pictures from facebook are not shown . if i login later they will show up , but other pictures will not . i saw a news that they made some changes to photos infrastructure so it is possible to be a temporary outage until they consolidate the new changes on all servers .
try deleting it from your google contacts . if it is not in your google contacts , it probably came from another source , like facebook or twitter . you should also be able to hide contacts that do not have a phone number , so as a last ditch effort , that may be good enough for you .
google has released google calendar as separate app officially on google play .
do you have any control over the ( presumably wireless ) lan that you are connecting your phone to ? it seems to me that the main part of your problem is just that your phone picks up different ip addresses each time it connects to your lan . if it always had the same ip , then you could either make a note of this , save it in your ssh client , or assign a name to that ip on your other machine ( s ) using a hosts file or similar . are you in control of your network , or do you know the person that is ? you ( or they ) should be able to assign a static ip address , or a reserved ip address , to your device so that every time you connect your phone to the lan it always picks up the same ip address . if it is a small , personal network then this would just be a setting on your device 's record on your router , if this is a larger network then it would be setup on the dhcp server and a matching a name record could also be setup on their internal dns to give you a permanent name .
" how do i know if i have busybox ? " open terminal emulator and type " busybox " . if it gives you a giant list of command options , it is installed . if it says " command not found " , it is not . edit rather than putting this in the comments : you could also try su to become root followed by busybox , busybox --version , busybox --help or anything that will give you some feedback and some clues as to what is going on .
simplest thing is to open each app ( even if it says " installed" ) and install each one .
android is a linux too , so a simple example : am start -a android.intent.action.MAIN -n com.android.settings/.TetherSettings &amp; 
have a look at qemu . apparently it is known to run on arm . running xp ( if it even works ) is probably not going to be a pleasant experience due to what is noted by chris herbert and the probable lack of a screen/pointer driver . if you really want to do it maybe wait for the intel atom ( x86 ) based tablets . there should be some atom based windows 8 tablets about now . the androids are coming soon .
basically , it is saying that the app could potentially steal your information , as it is a keyboard and therefore processes what you type . for instance , if you typed your password in and it was malicious , it could potentially record that ( and everything else you type ) . of course , you could trust google would not do that . . . android is simply reminding you of the risk . the faq for the hacker 's keyboard addresses this : http://code.google.com/p/hackerskeyboard/wiki/frequentlyaskedquestions#why_is_there_a_security_warning_when_i_activate_it ? the warning can be found in the android source ( see line ~2687 ) : https://android.googlesource.com/platform/packages/apps/settings/+/8272edba7d10b508cbbedfce5504862da6ec9acd/res/values/strings.xml
there are several ways to get your volume levels back . personally i like to use the ifttt app to set my ringer volume to maximum when i connect to my home wifi . ( recipe ) if you want to fix your volume at a specific time , say , you can create a new recipe using the date and time channel .
the root method in the link is not compatible with android 4.0.4 . before you root - be sure you know what you are doing . to root the lucid 4g on 4.0.4 you can try the following method : http://theunlockr.com/2013/06/16/how-to-root-the-lg-lucid-4g-bin4ry-method/ but choose " xperia root by cubeundcube " instead of " normal mode "
it seems that ics does not have native support for wma files . you can use an app like mx player ( or its pro version ) to play wma files .
accuweather has two apps that give you " realfeel " - accuweather and accuweather quick .
after some experimentation : the evo on sprint can playback youtube over wifi . the problem is likely some domain being blocked by the hosting wifi network which is necessary for the youtube app .
you can do this with adb ( android debug bridge ) . enable " usb debugging " on the phone ( settings > applications > development > usb debugging ) type adb reboot in a terminal in the directory where you installed adb platform-tools
the answer is yes , you can install a takju rom on a yakjuxw device . for that matter , you can also install a yakju rom , or one of many other custom galaxy nexus roms ( e . g . cyanogenmod ) on a device that originally had yakjuxw . i have personally flashed both yakju and takju roms on my galaxy nexus , which originally had a yakjux ( canada ) rom . the only possible issue is that flashing a new rom may erase user data from the sd card ( pictures , sms messages , wifi information , etc . ) . so you may want to back up your data before flashing .
the emulator is a program on your computer like any other . the program can connect to the internet in just the same way firefox can . in particular , this means it makes no difference what kind of connection the host is using . from inside the emulator , there is a ' fake ' network driver . it appears to android like a mobile internet connection , but instead of communicating with a cellular modem , it is actually using the usual network api of your host os to send and receive data , just like firefox . it also does emulator-specific things like simulating packet loss .
ok , so it turns out that you need a different boot . img file for the motorola xoom wifi only model than for the 3g model . click here for instructions if you have a 3g model click here for instructions if you have the wifi only model ( including how to fix it if you have already tried using the wrong boot . img and you are being stared at by a non-responsive boot screen that has the moto logo and the words ' dual core technology' )
you might want to take a look at sd maid . this app requires root for full functionality . this " cleaning made " takes care for multiple remains : a " corpse finder " checks for what an uninstalled app might have left , the " system cleaner " scans the devices known directories with unnecessary files . you can check for the biggest files on your device to free up space , and even optimize and shrink bloated databases to speed up access and free space . the app includes a file manager , and also allows you to search for files . sd maid corpse finder and system cleaner ( source : google play ; click images for larger variant ) edit : for more details and discussion , you might want to visit the app 's thread at xda : )
there is no official way to install a " pure android " rom : the only official rom is that provided by the manufacturer . as sameer says in the comments , you can disable bloatware apps from the settings , with almost the same effect as uninstalling them . if you want to start from a clean slate , you should look for an aosp-based custom ( unofficial ) rom . although they are not always as reliable as the manufacturer 's rom , because they are made by third-party volunteers , for the more popular devices with better manufacturer support they can be very reliable and even better tuned than the original rom . start your search at where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ?
i think this is more than enough . flashing your rom again should be more than sufficient . this not only allows fresh installations of any old apps to prevent spyware , but also dormant any other app data from existing apps to be largely overwritten or deemed as corpses . you can also perform a cleanup using sd maid just to be sure .
overview this is caused by the results screen . quizup will download each match question as a screenshot instead of rendering it on the client 's side . not only does this result in a lot of additional mobile data usage but it also takes up a lot of space on your device because all screenshots are cached . unfortunately there does not seem to be any limit to this caching and there is no way to turn it off from the app itself . fortunately there are two workarounds . workaround 1: clearing the screenshots cache manually navigate to /sdcard/Android/data/com.quizup.core/ on your file explorer of choice and delete the screenshots folder . this will only affect the screenshots cache . as oposed to clearing the app data from the apps menu all user data , e.g. your account and settings , will be preserved . workaround 2: disabling screenshot storage navigate to /sdcard/Android/data/com.quizup.core/ with your favorite file manager . delete the screenshots folder . then proceed to create a new empty file called screenshots . from now on no screenshots will be saved locally . they might still be retrieved and continue to cause high mobile data usage , though . the downside to this method : the match questions section on the result page will stop working . sources http://www.reddit.com/r/quizup/comments/2059bb/data_usage/
you should be able to invoke dictionary apps like goldendict or colordict by " sharing " to them :
root access or superuser is an apk that resides in /system/app . if you remove it with the rest of the apps , you lose root . as a possible workaround , you can try to run : &gt; adb root &gt; adb shell  and see if the shell that adb opens is $ ( normal user ) or # ( root ) . if you are logged as a normal user , i am afraid you will need to reinstall root in your phone . also , /system/app is like C:\Windows or /bin ( in linux ) , if you remove the files there , do not expect the device to run , as it will not have the necessary files to do so .
it is recent , but swiftkey flow does exactly this . it is currently in beta , but seems stable and robust . it is also an excellent alternative tap keyboard if the swype style is not for you .
Unknown Sources simply means applications that are not downloaded from the google play store . even if you put your applications on amazon app store or other alternative stores , your users will have to enable Unknown Sources . you can not change this behaviour , except maybe by modifying android 's sources , but i am sure you do not want to .
there is no tool with this feature . but it is possible to crop the picture in the gallery .
i will recommend dialer one . i am 99% sure it can show contacts without pictures . it has lots of customization options , t9 search in contacts in slew of different languages . i have 900+ contacts and is really fast , i hope it works that way for 2000 contacts . be sure to fiddle with the options after giving it a try .
looks to be bad recognition by google 's code . :-/ happens on mine as well and no setting can change it . google is surprisingly receptive to feedback on its apps ( a bug fix i reported made it into google music 's update ! ) , so two ways to get this fixed : go to keep 's page and click " email developer " and write this up . or , within keep , menu -> send feedback .
the verizon gnex has nfc , it just does not have google wallet pre-installed . it is pretty trivial to sideload it , though , and it is worked just fine the 2 times i used it . another thing to note here is that the nfc antenna is actually on the battery , not in the device itself . this means that if you get an extended battery you need to make sure it has an nfc antenna in it as well , otherwise it will not work . the t-mobile usa and sprint versions have not actually been released yet , so i guess there is no guarantee on those at this point . sprint supported nfc and google wallet for the nexus s 4g , though , so i can not imagine they had stiff the gnex . for t-mobile you could just get the existing gsm version and it should work fine since it is pentaband hspa+ ( it should work on at and t for the same reason , though you would not get their lte service ) .
this xda forums thread sounds like what you are looking for . note that the apk has only been tested on froyo by the author . personally i use battery indicator pro , it can also tell you how much time is left on the battery for various usage scenarios .
you probably need to root it to gain access to the protected "/system " file system . xda developer 's has a ( probably ) outdated thread how to do it here . after you suceeded , you can take the usual steps to mod it ( remount /system read-write , copy your edited file over , etc . )
the google usb drivers that come with the android sdk will work for that device . your best bet is to install a version of cyanogenmod 5 or 6 . x . but keep in mind , that device is a dinosaur . it does not run android 2 . x well at all , especially compared to the specs of current devices . i had cyanogemmod 6 on my adp1 ( htc dream/g1 ) and , while it worked , it was extremely slow . also , the cyanogenmod team no longer even officially supports that device . the " old " cyanogenmod thread on xda is here . i am not sure if it still has download links or not .
do you need to do if from your phone ? because if not , you can just use the gmail desktop interface to do this , i do this quite often and it is fairly easy : go to your contacts ( click Gmail in the upper left corner ) select the contacts you want to export put them in a new group you can call Tmp or something random then click on that group and find the Export menu item in one of the menus ( i think More actions ) export to google csv if the receiver will import them through gmail as well , otherwise you can consider vcard format . the file will download automatically . compose a new mail and put the newly created file as attachment . ( if you used google csv , the contacts can be imported using the same contacts interface just by clicking Import in one of the menus )
dice player can go up to 1.8x .
this is possible using adb shell : $ telnet localhost 5554 Android Console: type 'help' for a list of commands OK geo fix -82.411629 28.054553 OK  please read : stackexchange-url
sim contacts are not synced , neither are " phone " contacts . if you had used google contact , they would have been synced with your google/gmail account -- but then you would not have noticed their loss , as they would have been synced back to your new device . had you saved them as sim contacts , they had also be on your new device . which leaves us with the other non-synced variant : " phone contacts " . those are stored on device internal storage ( to be more precise : in a database file located in /data/data/com.google.android.providers.contacts/databases ) , which is not directly accessible by normal users , so you could not have simply copied it . conclusion : as these data are not stored in " my files " , you have not copied them . and as you have factory-reset the original device , you cannot simply restore them from there . so apart from a quite expensive forensics recovery ( done by a data recovery specialist ) from your old device , there is no way to recover those contacts , sorry .
the pro version of titanium backup supports batch restore without user interaction . it is worth it .
the wallpaper was in data/data/com.android.settings/files/  on previous versions of android . however it appears that it was moved as part of the multi-user preparations . the current location is data/system/users/0/  the file is conveniently called wallpaper and it is a png file .
there is no way to get at this activity other than through a settings shortcut . the code for it can be found here on github , and if you search the repository for the NotificationStation class you will find all the entry points for it : in this case , only the shortcut intent filter in the manifest . if you examine the code you will also see there is no way to remove old notifications from the list : as you can see in the screenshot , the greyed-out notifications are those you have dismissed from the ' normal ' notification tray . however , this class is mainly intended as a demo . android 4.3 adds support for any application ( with the appropriate permission ) to access and display the list of notifications . for example , a third-party launcher might want to show them , an app might want to show all notifications in a pop-up window ios-style , a live wallpaper or daydream could respond to them graphically , or a utility might analyse your phone use from the notifications ( something like tasker could trigger actions based on notifications appearing or being dismissed ) . because this is a new feature , and 4.3 is not on many devices yet , it'll be a while before third-party developers invest the time needed to offer these features , but you will not have to wait long .
does a malicious android webview break the doublesubmittcookie countermeasure against csrf ? short answer : no . long answer : csrf exploits the trust that a site has in a user 's browser . csrf protection is not intended to protect the server from a malicious user agent or from an untrustworthy user . the user is responsible for choosing a trustworthy browser .
as i have mentioned in the comments already ( and which harbichidian thankfully approved ) , this can be done using tasker : condition : state → docked task : ( put something here you want to be done when placing the device in dock , or substitute some dummy like " variable set : %dummy = 1" ) exit task : media control → pause there might be several other approaches to this . i still hold tasker being at least one of the better solutions ( if not even the best ) is you can do so much more with it . just check the questions tagged " tasker " , or follow the links in our tasker tag-wiki to get an idea .
you can not disable the pop-up alone , but there are some other options:- you can disable the spell-checker completely . if your keyboard already provides all the spell-check functionality you need , then this might be a good option for you . in language and input in the device settings , untick spell checker . this will disable the pop-up and the red underlining for misspelled words . you can change the language of the spell-checker . from language and input in the device settings , click the settings icon next to spell checker , then the globe icon on the next screen . you can only have one language at a time in the default spell-checker , so this might not be helpful . you can install a replacement spell-checker . android allows other apps to provide the spell-check functionality in place of the built-in spell-checker . a different spell-checker might allow you to have more than one language enabled . once you have installed the spell-checker , enable it from the same screen described in the above alternative . in case some visitors are confused about the diffrence between the keyboard and the spell-checker , see this screenshot , from the android developers ' site : the red underlining , and the vertical menu of suggested corrections , are both provided by the spell-checker . most soft-keyboards also include a list of suggested word completions , which are usually in a horizontal line above the keyboard . here you can see ":" and " ; " , and the rest are hidden by the spell-checker 's pop-up .
you can use tpacketcapture to route your traffic through a local vpn . the app will then write a log which you can open with wireshark on your desktop and analyze data flow . it will not allow you to see which app sent which packet , but this is as good as it gets without root . although there is a pro version available which allows you to filter out applications .
about phone -> system updates .
according to this , you need an external app and you need to root the phone . some other solutions shared in a google code issue thread . update : using gesture search , i entered " proxy " and got to the proxy settings on my droid . do not know how to get there otherwise , and do not know if it actually works , but there you go . ( someone else mentioned it in that google thread . )
taken straight from android developer site there is no effect on the application performance so long as the external storage is mounted on the device . the . apk file is saved on the external storage , but all private user data , databases , optimized . dex files , and extracted native code are saved on the internal device memory . the unique container in which your application is stored is encrypted with a randomly generated key that can be decrypted only by the device that originally installed it . thus , an application installed on an sd card works for only one device . the user can move your application to the internal storage through the system settings . also -> applications that should not install on external storage ( more details on android developer site ) services alarm services live wallpapers live folders app widgets account managers sync adapters device administrators broadcast receivers listening for " boot completed "
cyanogenmod 7.1 has exactly this feature , but without faking data , only failing , if the app accesses the api . proposition for faking the imei was rejected . faking other data , like contacts , is currently under discussion .
using nothing but your android options will not do the job straight forward , you need to install an app to do your folders , there are two applications ( amongst others of course ) ; one called app mate , or appmanager-organize your apps , both are available at the market , and both will require sometime at first to cache your apps and stuff . i am caching my handset right now , and will get back to here with what is what . [ update ] app mate is no use for you , on the other hand appmanager is way much better , it can even sort your folder applications according to frequency of use but unfortunately the folders it creates on your home-screen is cropped in a strange way , i guess that will be easy for the developer to fix .
the app only changes the settings , so it does not matter which gps code the rom has . all the custom roms i know of use gps code from samsung anyways . one note : this will fix very few people 's problems . the factory settings cause most of the problems , so restoring will probably hurt more than help . it is possible that the new 2.2 releases will fix some issues , however , and in that case it is probably better to use whatever settings samsung tested with the new gps code , i.e. the settings gpsrestore uses .
ironically the android 4.2.2 update i had been waiting many months for turned finally turned up the day after i posted my question . since i updated i have not seen the problem occur again so i am hoping it fixed it . on the other hand it might just be a coincidence so i will have to see how it goes .
download and install the google calendar from the market . source .
you can edit them by going to : Dialer (Phone app) -&gt; Settings -&gt; Quick Responses  i have tested it on android 4.0.4 cyanogenmod 9 .
the playstore app usually uses /data/local to temporarily store .apk files while downloading , then installs them from there , and finally removes the temporary download-file ( which then went to /data/app ) . the /data/local directory should be readable by all processes ( so no root needed to list its contents ) , as it is used as a kind of " temporary directory " for a lot of things ( you might think of it as a " misnamed " /tmp directory ) . this directory should be " cleaned up " on reboot 1 , so your issue might rather be a broken .apk in /data/app . a new install should solve this anyway . i further recommend using appmonster pro -- yes , the pro version : on each install/update it grabs the .apk file of the installed/updated app and stores away a copy . so in cases like this , you could simply grab a previous version and install it over . just for completeness : there seem to be more such " temporary directories " on android devices . investigating a dump from a stock 2.2 motorola milestone 2 , i e.g. also found /data/download . different devices might use other directories additionally . but that should not affect your playstore question . 1 i can only base this on one of my devices ( motorola milestone 2 , stock android 2.2 ) , where i extracted a nandroid backup stored on my pc . there the init.rc file ( which is called during the boot process ) a.o. contains the following : easy to see : the /data/local directory is created during the boot , which suggests it being empty at this point . same is valid btw . for /data/download
there may be a way to send the modifier keys through the terminal app , however i have never used that app so i can not say . on terminal emulator you can long press the screen and send the control key from the pop up menu . also you could install hackers keyboard which includes a full desktop keyboard including control and alt keys .
try clearing the cache and/or clearing app data .
to import a vcf : copy the vcf to your phone , then contacts > import/export to view hidden contacts : contacts > more > display options , you have the option of displaying " only contacts with phones " and under " choose contacts to display " you can choose to view or hide contacts based on their source . perhaps your contacts are hidden because they are stored in your phone , but you do not check " phone " under " choose contacts to display " disclaimer : i use froyo ( 2.2 ) so the menu name might be different .
is there something wrong with cyanogenmod ? what you want is the stock version of android samsung put on the phone , there is no revert as it was deleted when you put cyanogen . as you dont seem to have a copy i would go to samsung support site or you will have to trust another source on the net and download it there . this would be another great community resource for your phone http://forum.xda-developers.com/forumdisplay.php?f=1156
i can not speak for the google voice app being fully integrated - i only use it for the voicemail feature . however i have a fully rooted evo ( fresh rom 3.5 ) and i still have access to the market and all the normal google android apps . in fact i find that rooting gives me more features like free wireless tether and with fresh 3.5 the power manager is integrated into the notification drop down ( which i find really cool ) . google voice still works perfectly for voice mail . as far as i know the only limitation is the one you have listed : it will void the warranty . however if something goes wrong there is a huge community over at xda to help you out or you can unroot and see what happens when you bring your device in to sprint ( i have not had to do this yet so i can not speak on that part ) . rooting ( for me ) has also made my battery life way better and gotten rid of those sprint apps that i do not want . edit : i can not comment on eldarerathis 's post otherwise this would have gone there : i had forgotten about hardware limitations of using aosp roms like cm . eldarerathis is correct though that with certain roms hdmi and 4g will not work . when i had the htc hero and first loaded cm i think the camera did not work but in time this was fixed and this is why i have avoided the cm rom so far for my evo . if you want the htc sense experience though do not go with cm or aosp roms - these are essentially stock android . hope this helps
you can use a logcat viewer , such as logcat reader ( i have found that one works well ) , and just scroll back through the logs until the time in question . a less precise solution would be to go to settings > about phone > battery use and that will tell you what has been using most of your battery .
after starring a place in google maps android , you can open google bookmarks webapps to display your bookmarks . sort by date to show your latest bookmark and clicking on the Edit button allows you to edit that place bookmark title . the new title would display in My Places on google maps android . not an ideal solution , but a workaround involving additional webapps . references : android forum - google maps - label starred locations ? - 9 april 2010 - provides three workarounds : #9 add suffix " ( title ) " to address in google maps webapps before starring ( not editing on android ) ; #11 use google bookmarks to edit title ( solution i chose above ) ; #14 add to contacts and edit contacts names ( will search each time use the address in contacts ) . google mobile android forum - why can not i edit the name of a " starred " place on google maps ? - 1 june 2011 - mentioned bookmark and contacts solutions above , also registering an address as a business place , then can edit the title .
from google 's mobile privacy policy : for products and services with voice recognition capabilities , we collect and store a copy of the voice input you make to the product or service and corrections you make to the returned recognition result . to improve processing of your voice input , we may also continuously record in temporary memory a few seconds of ambient background noise . this recording stays only temporarily on the device and is not sent to google . if you choose to personalize voice recognition , we will associate your voice data with your google account .
a hard reset gave me the solution . .
in addition to the well-known titanium backup app ( for which you must purchase the pro key to unlock the cwm/twrp nandroid backup support ) , there is another app now : nandroid manager , which according to its description can restore apps from nandroid backups even with the free version ( there is a pro key too , but it is required if you want to restore special data such as wi-fi access points , bluetooth data , user dictionary and browser data ) . however , i did not try using this app .
are you trying to access the market from a home screen shortcut or from the app drawer ? updates can sometimes break shortcuts so try to open it from the app drawer . another thing you can try is to reset market data from Settings -> Applications -> Manage applications -> All -> Market -> Clear data and Clear cache .
it is possible to send emails to sms inboxes . but you can not send a sms to an email inbox given you do not have an internet connection . you must already know that emails require internet connectivity . as you asked , sms gateways can be used to send and receive smses provided you are subscribed to a sms line via a Direct-to-mobile or a Direct-to SMS gateway . simply put , you cannot use this functionality with your normal sim card , if you are willing to do it in an offline method . read more about sms gateways in wikipedia . on a side note , if you can go online ( say mobile data ) , you can do this by way of a mms . all you have to do is to send the mms to the desired email address . some of the gateway addresses for email to sms are listed below . alltel : phonenumber@message . alltel . com at and t : phonenumber@txt . att .nett-mobile : phonenumber@tmomail .netvirgin mobile : phonenumber@vmobl . com sprint : phonenumber@messaging . sprintpcs . com verizon : phonenumber@vtext . com nextel : phonenumber@messaging . nextel . com us cellular : phonenumber@mms . uscc .netkeep in mind that most of the networks tend to block and/or alter their gateways once the traffic is considerably high , as this method is widely used by spammers .
your voice files are also stored in the whatsapp folder . the path is : WhatsApp/Media/WhatsApp Voice Notes/ the file names are starting with ptt
as using swap is a system-wide thing ( even on linux/unix , you need to be root in order to activate/deactivate swap ) , this cannot be done without having root access to your device . if your device is rooted , however , there are several apps available to help you manage swap space . you might want to take a look at e.g. swapper 2 ( for root users ) ( free ) or roehsoft ram-expander ( swap ) ( paid , and not really cheap ) . both seem to have quite good reputation . of course there are several other solutions available as well .
get an on-screen keyboard with arrow keys , such as hacker 's keyboard . i use it as a secondary input method , it is not so suitable to all situations but can quickly be switched from the long-press menu .
apparently this is by design ( did not know that until today ) . you can only use the aim , msn , and yahoo ! messengers on the g1 if you are using a t-mobile sim card . i suppose this may apply to other unlocked phones since the comment on the bug tracker implies that it is actually got something to do with the way android or its apis are doing things under the hood . i would just recommend trying a different client , i guess . i personally recommend trillian or meebo , but there is a bunch of others . trillian is $5 ( or you can go get an old beta version - they were free ) , but i like the ui and features a bit more . meebo is free but also very good . one big difference is that trillian supports c2dm , but that does not really apply here since it was not introduced until android 2.2 as for the " why": i am not sure , really . matt may be correct , but aim can send sms messages from desktop clients , so your number seems like it might not really be necessary . i am inclined to agree with that guess , though , since i can not think of any other reasons .
i have never used it but i remember reading about key ring rewards cards . try that and see what you think . edit : i also tried searching the market for " loyalty cards " and came up with this list of apps . i was going to specifically name some but as i have not tried them i thought it best that i just give you the list . seems there are quite a few that will help you manage your cards
i figured it out . it was the kernel that came with liquid smooth rom . the kernel developer , chevyno1 ( of simply stunning mod ) , disabled logging in the kernel . i switched to a different kernel by jdlfg and logging immediately turned on with the next boot .
answer : yes , you can have multiple bluetooth devices connected to your phone . app to manage your bluetooth devices additionally , you can use smart bluetooth widget pro by mdr tools , inc . available from google play store to help you manage those devices : this is a must have widget for your android if you have any bluetooth devices . it adds a bluetooth icon to your home screen , and by just clicking on it , it will display you the list of paired devices and you can just click and connect to your bluetooth devices . no need to go to settings screen , turn the bluetooth on , and connect to your devices . when you walk away from your bluetooth device , this widget not just cancels the bluetooth connection , it also turns off the bluetooth to save more from the battery . you can also connect to multiple bluetooth devices at the same time . you can connect to your speaker , and your headset at the same time . there is also a free version smart bluetooth widget free .
i found this discussion at modaco about the issue . it includes cards that people have tried and found to work . the generally consensus seems to be that sandisk 16 gb class 2 cards work . kingston 16 gb class 4 worked for a couple people , but not for another until they tried deleting everything on it via windows xp . i personally would not go lower than a class 4 card , and i am partial to kingston .
this nexus one user manual seems to be basically the same document as you linked , but specific to that phone and android 2.1 . since the nexus one was a " pure " android experience , the vast majority of the document should cover what you are looking for . ( that link seems dead , but this link from the internet archive wayback machine seems to be working . )
its original name was the zte blade so , then , the manufacturer is the zte corp in china .
i eventually just stopped using the app . not worth my headache . thanks for the help .
beyondpod supports feed authentication . i use the pro version which costs $7 , but if you choose not to go pro there are only a few limitations . the free lite version should still handle authentication .
these are the steps i took on my htc desire running android version 2.2 to delete all calendar data , and in turn the pc sync calendar : on the phone , open settings > applications > manage applications click the “all” tab at the top of the screen scroll down and tap the calendar storage application tap the “clear data” button , and confirm you’d like to proceed . now all the calendar data is gone from the phone , running your sync processes again to populate only the calendars you want on your phone .
my best advice would be to remove all phone covers and leave in a well aired place to dry . also look at this it contains some useful advice
problem solved . i deactivated hangouts and now it works fine .
in order to change the notification sound on the gmail app you can do the following : open the gmail app and press the menu button ( the one to the left of the home button ) press settings and then choose the email address ( not general settings ) touch the word " inbox sound and vibrate " click " sound " then there is a popup for the choice of notification sound you want for your email . for go sms pro : press the same menu button settings advanced notification settings default notification settings select ringtone
this how-to meticulously explains how to flash a rom taken from the google play edition of the one . to summarize : backup your data root your one download the rom boot into twrp , wipe the old rom and install the new one
seems that i finally fixed the issue , but i wanted to wait few days to be sure . first i tried to reflash my phone again , but without wiping my data partition ( so i could keep my apps and settings intact ) . this did not worked , so i fully flashed again my phone 's firmware ( i was ussing only official firmwares , from sony ) but after a day when my phone 's gps worked fine , the issue reappeared . finally i downloaded the same version of the firmware , but for another region ( i was using a firmware made for brazilian market , now i am using the one for europe ) and this seems to work . gps starts everytime when requested . i am not really sure where the issue was , but if someone else encounter this issue - maybe you could give my solution a try .
check your androidmanifest . xml and see if you have below prezented : there is no button for tablets : ) you have to make it available for that type of screen . hope this helps .
it seems the incompatibility came only on the current version . you may install and use an older version or wait till it becomes available to your device . in this thread there is a link to an older apk version that should work .
the limit is actually placed on virtual size of the downloaded area . the upper limit is approximately 80mb of data , and the lower limit is smaller than maps displays , somewhere below 100kb , equivalent to around . 6 square miles . here is one place that mentions the 80mb limit . in my own testing , i was able to download up to 87mb of data , which is approximately 5625 square miles . this may have been coincidence , but in my testing , the allowable size ranged from a square . 75 miles on a side to a square 75 miles on a side .
thin styluses are usually for resistive screens , they do not work with droid x 's capacitive screen . the difference between capacitive and resistive touchscreens
it looks like this can be done on just about any device with the caveat that your device needs to be rooted and you need to be willing to poke around in your system 's framework-res.apk file . these instructions come from a post on xda with a modification intended to lower the brightness , but scaling in the opposite direction would make it brighter : here is a guide on how to perform this mod on any framework-res . apk using apk manager ( thanks for the guide goes to desean ) : download apk manager and unpack somewhere grab framework-res . apk from your phone under \system\framework\ ( e . g . adb pull ) and place it in the " place-apk-here-for-modding " folder run script . bat and select option 9 once done , go to projects\framework-res . apk\res\values\arrays . xml and edit your values as per first post . once edited , compile the apk using option 11 qn : is this a system apk . ans : y qn : aside from the signatures , would . . . . least . ans : y prompt : in the apk manager folder u'll find a keep folder . . . . . done then press enter on this script . press any key to continue . . . you have to go to " keep " folder and delete resources . arsc because arrays . xml have been changed . after this you can press any key in apk manager window . once done , input 22 in apk manager and select " unsignedframework-res . apk " by entering the number that stands for it . after selecting it you should see in apk main window in the top right corner " current-app : unsignedframework-res . apk " . now press 5 to zipalign apk . you will find your completed , zipaligned apk under place-apk-here-for-modding\unsignedframework-res . apk . rename it back to framework-res . apk and adb push the file back to your phone the arrays . xml file should have a section like the below if your device supports auto-brightness : basically , the values are ordered based on detected light from the sensor , with the top value being " lowest light " and the bottom value being " highest light " . the values correspond to lcd brightness on a scale from 1 to 255 , with 255 being full brightness . you could therefore scale up all of the low light values to be brighter if you wanted .
just for reference of others , here is some background on the . ab file format . the android backup ( * . ab ) file is a compressed tar file . it is compressed using the deflate algorithm . on top of that , there can be aes encryption used . this is determined when you create the backup , if you enter a password then the backup is encrypted , otherwise ; there is no encryption , it is only compressed . the header of the file is a little different then a normal delfate archive . it contains information about the backup and looks like the following : ANDROID BACKUP 1 1 none  the first line is the " magic " line . the next line is the version of the android backup file format . the next line is a boolean ( true or false , 1 or 0 ) indicating if the file is compressed . the last line is the type of encryption . this example is not using any encryption . if there was a password , the line would read " aes-256" . after that is the encryption cypher . if no password , then the deflate " archive " starts . it is compressed using the java deflater . which , from a developers perspective , causes issues if you want to use anything besides java to extract it . i have not been able to find anything that can deflate it using the same algorithm , even though all that i have found ( for like c# ) are supposed to follow the " spec " . with that said , there is an open source project under the apache 2.0 license , written by nikolay elenkov that will allow you to extract the . ab in to a tar file . usage : java -jar abe.jar unpack &lt;backup.ab&gt; &lt;backup.tar&gt; &lt;password&gt;  if you are not sure how to really use that ( which is beyond the scope of this answer ) the next version of droid explorer v0.8.8.7 ( available here ) will allow you to do exactly this , and more , right from explorer . you can read more about the features on my blog ( yes , i know , shameless plug . i do that when it fits the question )
whenever android needs more ram , it will kill anything in the " background " the htc sense is background if you are playing a video game or any other app . so when android sees that it needs ram , sense with it is fairly large memory footprint is a prime candidate . think nothing of it . if it crashed you would get a " force close " . some launchers do tricks to force them to not be killed by android but that has a negative effect on ram availability for foreground apps .
assisted gps is a system which can improve the startup performance of a gps satellite-based positioning system . wikipedia has your best answer .
google has an android compatibility definition document ( cdd ) ( see http://source.android.com/compatibility/overview.html ) that specifies the minimum ( and suggested guidelines ) for what a device must physically support to be allowed to use the android branding ( and to get the google market and google 's android apps ) . the latest ccd in section 7.3 lists the minimum requirements of the sensors . the temperature sensor ( section 7.3.7 ) is actually listed as something that android devices should not include . there are not specs for this sensor 's sensitivity .
applications often have a restore in-app purchase option in the settings . other applications may ask you to " buy again " the item , but you are not actually spending any money again . it is often mentioned how you can restore your purchases in the application 's description on google play or in the help category of the application ( if any ) . you can always contact the developer for more information . ( note that we are talking about non-consumables purchases , it means purchases that are permanently associated with one 's google account . more information . )
the majority of web based email providers have a limit of 10mb for the size of the attachment of every message sent . since an email message will often pass through several mail transfer agents to reach the recipient , some or probably all of them impose size limits due to the storage capabilities they have to deal with . this is due to the fact that every message needs to be stored before getting forward . applications tend to follow this type of ruling . although nowadays users tend to use an email like if it was an ftp , thus " forcing " application developers to suppress such limits but given no guaranties that the message will in fact get to its destination . to resume , you can safely send files up to 10mb between any email providers without the fear of message not being delivered . my advice to you is the usage of free online services that allow you the transfer or backup of large amount of data between locations : no payment and no registration : wetransfer ( ~2gb for each transfer ) no payment , just registration : ( for the free package ) dropbox google drive skydrive yousendit dropsend
according tho this post , that feature was removed as of version 5.10 of google maps app because it was never properly working .
the combination of encryption , pin lock , and having adb turned off should protect your data pretty well . it could still be compromised if someone finds a security flaw that can be exploited through the network or the mtp usb connection , but that risk exists in any case . however , with your bootloader unlocked , someone could take your phone , flash a malicious rom that contains keystroke loggers or something , and then return the phone to you and wait for you to type your pin or decryption password . it would be better to keep the bootloader locked whenever you do not actually need to flash things via fastboot . you can use bootunlocker to lock and unlock the bootloader from within the running android system . unlike fastboot oem unlock , this does not wipe your data when you unlock .
on the app details page , you can scroll to the bottom of the page . you will find a link under permissions saying " view details " . that will open a popup page that will display all the permission categories with expanded view and list all the permissions the app needs , including the new ones required with " new " tag .
android will not run anything from the app as soon as you install it . an app can only set alarms , register broadcast receivers , etc . after the first time you run it manually , for example by : launching one of its activities from the launcher clicking open in the play store app creating a home screen or lock screen widget provided by this app starting it from another app ( via a share action or the like ) this is not a complete list , but it should be pretty obvious what actions start the app . if you have not started the app , it can not have run yet , unless the author is able to exploit a bug in android that no one else knows about . this is very different to the situation on desktop oses . in windows and most gnu/linux package managers , installing an application consists of running code provided by the app author . in contrast , android is designed to limit what apps can do . android itself installs the package by reading its manifest , which tells android the name of the package and what components it contains . android unpacks the app 's files to its own private directory in internal storage , without running any code provided by the app . if the app wants to do any further setup ( such as performing an anti-piracy check , or getting you to sign into a server ) , it can only do this when you first run the app .
it does not update only when it is visible . because all widgets are drawn by the host ( i.e. . the home screen or lock screen ) , there is no way for the widget provider to tell whether the widget is visible or not . it would be possible for the service that keeps changing the widget to find out when the screen is turned off . in recent android versions , you could verify that using the battery screen in settings . add the widget to your home screen , then ( while the phone/tablet is not plugged in ) leave the screen turned off for some time . turn it back on , and see if your task manager app is listed on the battery screen . regardless of the result , your task manager app is probably doing more harm than good . android is not like windows : it is designed to keep as much memory in use as it can , and only frees memory when it has to . see do i really need to install a task manager ? for more info .
es can read/write to protected folders , you just have to enable it in your settings . open the settings menu ( press the menu button , then select " settings" ) and find the " root settings " item , then enable " root explorer " ( operate with root permission ) and " mount file system " ( allow writing to /system ) . alternatively , many devices/android versions should allow you to simply put the bootanimation . zip file into /data/local instead of /system/media . you will not need a root explorer for this since /data/local is world writable . this does not work on all roms , though . screenshots for the es settings :
ok , this answer does not get to the root cause or the " why it happened " but the issue is now resolved . it may help others if their purchased applications are suddenly not available on google play for installation on a new device . i received an notification to update my android firmware and reboot . i followed the instructions , went into google play and my purchased items were now available . i can not explain why , they just were .
short answer there is no such thing as " randomly break " , phone owners tend to use or make up terms to disguise their ineffectiveness to explain what happened , or as an excuse to avoid saying " i broke my phone " . common factors leading to the glass or the display damage are , but not limited to : manufacturer fault , a damage batch ; device falling or getting tossed ; user sat down with the device in his back pocket . keep reading as to better understand the misleading information found on the mentioned forums ! clear some ideas randomly break there is no such thing like " randomly break " , every device that physically breaks has a cause behind . faulty software the software is not responsible for the device physical damage , the software interacts and allows the usage of the hardware . every software that directly interacts with the hardware has built in fail-safes to prevent abuses . take the example of a battery charge , when you are charging the system may present you with a message informing that the charge process was interrupted to prevent heat damage to the device . glass or display while users tend to call screen and say " my screen is broken " , they should actually be specific enough as to clarify if the glass is broken or the display module is broken . the two are very distinct , carrying different reasons as to why they may have broken . why would a glass or display module break ? the glass the motorola droid razr maxx comes equipped with a gorilla® glass . despite the heavy promotion that its indestructible , there is no truth to that . this glass enables your device to resist damage like scrapes , bumps and drops , from the abuses that come with everyday use . a small drop in the right angle can shred the glass due to the force propagation within the impact point to the remaining of the device : e.g. , take a 22 inches fall , is just over 4 times the height of the phone . comparing this to a human been , could the average 6' tall person survive a fall of over 24' without breaking in some way ? on the other hand , a battery dilatation due to excessive heat will never cause the glass to break . way before that , the plastic casing would crack , some components could even melt , and eventually the glass would fell off , lying on the floor shining like a brand new one : ) from the corning® gorilla® glass - faqs : can i break gorilla glass ? if subjected to enough abuse , gorilla glass can break . however , gorilla glass is better able to survive the real-world events that most commonly cause glass to scratch , chip , or break . the display schematic of an active matrix oled display the motorola droid razr maxx comes equipped with motorola 's super amoled advanced . while the glass is designed and used with one specific purpose , the protection of the display from scrapes , bumps and drops , the display can be affected from other directions , not just by its front . if a phone falls and hits the ground by its corner , the glass has no effect protecting the display . the phone casing may not be sufficient to absorve the impact , and the resulting force from the impact may damage or even crack the display . the display is actually more sensitive than the remaining components of a mobile device . prevent damaging the display or glass the best way to prevent damage to the device , either by accident or by careless handling during use are : avoid charging the device while exposed to heat or direct sunlight . protect it with an exterior rubber casing , to absorb the impact force generated when it falls . if carried closely with hard objects , consider using a device casing , preferably made of leather or any other robust material to prevent damage from bumps . do not carry the phone inside tight jeans or in your back pocket . your natural movements or if you sit down , may exercise overwhelming force into the device .
the snapshot option speeds up the boot of the emulator by saving a snapshot of its ram once it has booted , and restoring from that snapshot on future uses . that way , it does not have to run the boot process ( which is slow , because it is emulated ) every time you start the emulator . the use host gpu option uses the host computer 's opengl implementation ( which is probably hardware-accelerated , on your real gpu ) to evaluate opengl commands inside the emulated system . put another way , when a program inside the emulator uses opengl for graphics operations , the work goes out to your real gpu , and the result goes back into the emulator , instead of emulating a gpu ( which is very slow ) . the result is a significant speed-up , especially when you consider that most view and canvas drawing uses opengl in android ≥ 4 , even in non-graphics apps . you can not have both options turned on at once .
cyanogenmod roms are multilingual and you can select the language the first time your phone boots or in System settings--&gt;Language &amp; input--&gt;Language ( ics 4.0.4 ) at any time . i can say it supports all languages in the world from the far east to south america including right to left languages like farsi .
if it was shared to your google account , you should be able to find it in Shared with me:
gps has nothing to do with your mobile network ( or wi-fi where applicable ) . gps basically record the coordinates of the location ( precise location ) and time information . see the gps tag or wikipedia for more info . about you question , the reason that there is no location information for some photos is that the camera did not have time to contact the satellites . it takes some time ( maybe 15secs or so ) to establish a connection with the satellites and locate you . did you suddenly opened the camera , took the photo ? there is no time to establish a satellite connection . ( i am sure you did this to preserve the battery power ) . this is also the reason some photos in a row have their location recorded . another possible reason would be that you might have been in a place where satellites could not locate you . ( indoors , thick forests , etc . ) if you really need the locations to be tagged for your photos , you can do it manually with your stock album app or third party app as well . the reason some apps like maps use data connection or wi-fi is that they need it to download map data ( road names , traffic info , etc . ) so no need to worry about your data , gps or camera . hope this helps
since you are rooted within cm , its a matter of doing the following , provided you have read the following : caveat emptor : the jellybean leaked apks are signed with the signature key used to generate the signed leaked rom of jb , however , it may clash with cm 's own signature key which is , and i will guarantee , different , so may not work at all ! you are on your own from there onwards . ------------------------------------- remounting the /system rewriteable as in adb remount to make it writeable replace the apk 's concerned within /system/app by adb pushing the appropriate apks taken from jb , as in adb push name_of_jb_apk.apk /system/app ( repeat for each apk concerned ) - this will overwrite the apk 's already residing in /system/app remount the /system as read-only as in adb remount reboot , and go into clockworkmod recovery and clear the data/cache , the reason being is to remove the old cached data that was in use by the old apk 's , and thus , minimize the chances of force closes within the relevant apks in question . i will list the actual filenames for the apk 's concerned : sms , the filename is Mms.apk contacts , there is two apks involved , ContactsProvider.apk and Contacts.apk dialler , name is Phone.apk , now , beware , this may have a dependency on TelephonyProvider.apk also . whilst i have mentioned the actual apk 's , i am therefore disclaiming any responsibility for anything that may happen on your handset as a result of replacing system apps .
if you are looking to buy a cable that you can use to attach a usb keyboard to that connector , then everywhere i have seen calls it something like a " 30-pin samsung socket " , and the cables are called something like " 30-pin to usb otg adapter cable " or " usb otg adapter cable for samsung galaxy tab 2 " , eg examples on amazon . com , or on ebay . com . samsung themselves either seem to avoid naming the port when they are selling their official adapters and cables that plug into it , or just call it a "30 pin": " galaxy tab adapters " or " galaxy tab™ data cable ( charging ) usb to 30 pin "
i do not believe you need to worry about hardware compatibility beyond the bt specs . your a43it uses bluetooth 2.1 edr so as long as the bt gps supports that it should be all set . you will either need an internet connection to use google maps , or like you were planning , an app that downloads the maps , like copilot . i have not gotten around to buying one yet , but i have been doing some digging in preperation . here 's some links that may help : bluegps4droid - app over at xda that interfaces with the bt gps this guy is using his nexus 1 to give his a70it wifi and gps here 's another relevant thread . . . and another . let me know what you end up doing and what works in case you beat me to the setup .
you could try elixir 2 . it lets you add different kinds of toggle widgets , including mute widgets .
i found a solution in this answer in the xda forum . to generalize and hopefully be of use to others , the key point seems to be that even if you think you have the right rom for the right device , it might be that your particular model has very slight differences . in my case , if i understand correctly , i was using roms built for the gt-i9100 model of the samsung galaxy s2 . however , the device issued in japan , the sc-02c , has some very slight differences . so , i needed to get be more particular about which software i downloaded .
no . this completely disables all data access . only calls/messages can be used . edit : you might try looking into something called juicedefender . the free version will disable your data access when your screen turns off . good for both battery saving and data-usage saving !
that was for y210d . you need to flash it stock again and root it with a y210 insecure boot image . you can get the stock rom here .
there is a single list of contacts . but smartphones allow many different contact providers ( google contacts , facebook , sim card , internal phone contacts , skype , . . . ) . but they are all shown within the same app in a single list . a symbol tells you where the contact came from . i recommend to use google contacts as main contacts provider . do not save contacts on the sim card and the internal phone memory . google contacts are automatically synced with your phone and the cloud . you can comfortably edit the contacts @ google.com/contacts . every edit is instantly propagated to your phone . and if you change your device you simply add your google account and all your contacts will appear there , too . no more sim card contact importing/exporting . in order to solve the problem of duplicate contacts from different contact providers android provides a ' join contacts ' feature , which merges the information from different providers into one single contact .
the /data/app-private directory is another location of 3rd-party protected apps . system apps that come pre-installed with the rom are stored in a read-only /system/app directory . /data/dalvik-cache contains optimized bytecode for each installed app , which allows the system to launch it faster . these ...@classes.dex files get generated at installation/update time , or during the first boot-up for pre-installed apps . also , with android 2.2 google introduced ability to move apps to the sd card . when you do this , a new virtual mount point is created under /dev/block/dm-X ( where " x " is a sequential number starting with 1 ) which points to /mnt/asec/xx.yy-1 . /data/data/ folder contains settings , preferences and cache for all apps , each within its own folder named after the package name . e.g. /data/data/xx.yyy/ .
first be aware that you are transferring data over a wide area wireless device ( the range of 3g is much wider than wifi ) , therefore it is easier for an attacker to snoop on whatever your device is transmitting on 3g than on wifi . the 3g/gprs only has a lightweight encryption ( to limit unnecessary use of cpu power and battery , which is already scarce in mobile devices ) , this encryption should never be relied upon . however , applications can use its own encryption . i have not checked into it specifically , but i would presume that google checkout on android does use ssl encryption ; which is widely accepted to be strong enough for doing online purchases . in short , you should not need to worry about doing online purchases using android market . if you are doing purchases on other apps , you should check whether they are using ssl or other strong encryption . be aware that your banking details are being transmitted wirelessly , it is trivial for anyone to record data that are transmitted using radio waves ; your only line of defense is ssl encryption , which should hold attackers at bay long enough until your credit card expires .
the setting at the domain level was the issue . i enabled it , and it starting working a few hours later . this should not be an issue for standard google accounts - just google apps accounts .
this comment helped me , though i also had to create a udev rule stackexchange-url the udev rule is given below , please note that kumar is my username on my box .
motoblur has a bunch of widget-based applications which bring your social networks and/or emails together for ease of viewing , as well as weather , rss feeds and other simple ui elements/widgets that can come in handy . however , motoblur keeps a process running in the background for each service ( type of widget ) and thus many people ( myself included ) forego it and install a non-motoblur rom to conserve ram , cpu and battery . but if you are an avid user of social networking sites then it is a good choice and worth the battery drain .
this is pretty much just a matter of preference , to be honest . i do not think you will really " lose " any functionality on a desire by going to an aosp based rom , either 2.3 or otherwise . you should gain built-in usb and wifi tethering , though , since those are a standard part of android 2.2+ . the real deciding factor will just be if you prefer the sense ui or another launcher ( adw , launcherpro , zeam , etc ) . you will lose any htc widgets since they depend on sense , but there are widgets in the market which actually mimic the style and functionality of the htc ones for just that reason . you also lose htc 's proprietary apps , since they generally use the sense framework in various ways . threads pop up on xda from time to time where people argue over whether sense is better than other launchers but it almost inevitably just amounts to each group saying " i think x better than y because i like the way it looks " .
i am thinking a factory reset could do the trick for you . make sure do backup your things with something like titanium backup .
summing up all the comments : will google save the locations ? definitely . as soon as you want to use the more battery-friendly “network based location” you have to agree that google collects your location data “to improve its services”: click image for larger variant so “location history” and ”location report” are meaningless in this context . as it was adressed : whilest theoretically you should be able to delete all collected data associated with your account , first google claims here it is “anonymous” ( so not connected to your account ) – and second , noone except google can tell if “deleting” really means the data was “destroyed” . different reports rather suggest otherwise , as e.g. a german tech magazin found out : they decided to delete all backups from google servers . weeks later , they wanted to test a new device , and configured it with the very same account . miraculously , that device immediately connected to their wifi . how can that be , with the backups deleted ? ( find the full article here , in german ) . will you miss anything when switching to gps only ? depends on your “usage profile” . when no satellites are in sight , you would be unable to find your location . that could be e.g. with heavy clouds , or inside buildings – where otherwise a “coarse location” based on wifi aps and mobile cell ids would be possible . but there are ways to get that functionality back without google : the opencellid project is aimed to provide the data , and there are several connected apps – including alternative open source network location providers . but to use those , your device must be rooted , as these services must be installed as system apps . you can find out more in my android without google series . should you use alternative maps ? that is pretty much opinion-based . i do so , but not solely for the reasons you mentioned . there are alternatives ( part 2 of the just mentioned series names some ) . furthermore , let me quote dan here : the answer to " is x secure ? " is always " secure against what ? " what are you worried about ? it is secure in the sense that it will not let people run malware on your phone , but that is probably not what you are thinking of . imho you cannot avoid completely that some services collect data on you . you can minimize it , you can make it harder for them – and you definitely should not offer your data on a silver tablet . it is always balancing privacy and convenience . so how much privacy you can gain , depends on how much convenience you are willing to give up . more hints not only if you are absolutely paranoid ( correct : today that is called “informed” ) , a custom-rom can offer you advantages . as those usually ship without all the pre-installed bloat , your battery will last much longer ( on my “android device without google” , 3 times longer : 4,5 days , and still 20% left ) . in this context , i have to mention replicant – which is aimed at absolute open-source . unfortunately , only few devices are supported .
k-9 mail supports exchange 2003/2007 via webdav . no support for exchange 2010 , unfortunately , since microsoft removed webdav support in the newest version . see the official wiki page for configuration instructions .
i did not get any definitive answer what is wrong from the service centre . they tried flashing some special rom they had , but same result . they closed the issue with the conclusion it is a hw problem in the phone .
there are a number of differences between the two marketplaces and while " advantages " may be somewhat subjective there are a few specific features that the amazon app store has that the market place does not . amazon claims to test each app before making them available for download to ensure that " each app works as outlined in [ the ] product description , does not impair the functionality of the mobile device or put customer data at risk once installed . " they offer one " paid " app for free each day . some apps have a " test drive " feature on their website that allows you to try the app in a virtualized android interface in your browser ( although i can not seen to find an app that has this feature yet ) . amazon is employing their recommendation engine to suggest apps you may like based on your purchase history . it should be noted that at the moment the amazon app store only works in the us ( unless you are able to use a us proxy in another country ) and the service is blocked on at and t devices .
it happens generally when kernel discards market from memory . in android , there're many ways to achieve multi-tasking . market app achieves it by running its service in background . this way market app is not killed . but , when kernel runs out of memory , it has no other choices . it kills other apps ( even having running service ) to reclaim memory , otherwise device would be crashed . such power killing returns unstable and unexpected results . so , to prevent it lower down running app load from system . you can hunt down running apps from settings ~> applications ~> running services . simply uninstall all unwanted always-running apps . plus , market might have memory leaks etc . type bugs on your device . so , its better to contact android support if previous step does not help . they really respond ( do not think its google ) .
the changelog droid app will start building a history of app changes from the date it is installed .
for 99% of devices , you have to have a custom recovery image installed on the device in order to install cyanogenmod . and usually , to do that you have to have the device rooted . so you have to have a rooted device before you can install cyanogenmod . cyanogenmod comes rooted and yes , it is an android release . rooting a device , while it will void your warranty , is not really that " bad " . think of it like having access to the administrator account on your pc as opposed to a " limited user " account . you also have to keep in mind that cyanogenmod does not work on all android devices . you can only install it on devices that are supported .
the dalvik cache is the set of saved . dex files . a . dex file is basically a compiled bytecode version of an app that has been built for the dalvik virtual machine on which android 's apps run . it is similar to the java virtual machine and having saved . class files .
the thunderbolt has dlna , so if your tv supports dlna you can use that . on my samsung phone , you use the allshare app for dlna , but i think the thunderbolt has another app built in . page 275 of the user manual describes how to use dlna . this droidforums thread has a discussion of ways to use dlna without a compliant tv , i am not sure how well other ways will work . there is also a " multimedia dock " that is supposed to be released shortly , it is " out of stock " until then . that should provide a cable-based way of video output .
unfortunately it is not , my galaxy s ii already has a lot of little scratches on the camera " glass " , and unlike in my old htc desire phone , gsii does not have extra " glass " in the back plate to protect the actual lens . so when it gets scratched i cannot just exchange the backplate : ( . i treat my phone very gently , so i am very surprised to see the lens having some many little scratches : ( . clearly in gsii the lens is way too unprotected and near the surface when you place it on flat surface . as a extra step , i bought case-mate " though " case to add a bit more space between the lens and flat surface . although the lens is scratched all the pictures seem to be just fine . phew . . .
you will be unable to do this without a rooted device , as the /data directory can only be read by the android system , and apps can also read their own /data/data/&lt;package name&gt; directory only . android devices do not come with sudo , and you need to be rooted to use su as it switches to the root shell ( on unrooted rom 's , su can not switch to the root user , as the kernel denies it ) . if you do find a way to root the device , ( which may be difficult ) , you can mount the /data partition as rw , then you can copy files from it . use these command to remount the /data patition : su mount -o remount,rw /data the su command can only be executed on a rooted device . edit : just for clarification , the sms backup and restore app uses an api call to get the sms messages via the messaging app , hence the need for the READ_SMS permission . edit2: most rooting methods do not wipe the device data , however some do . you would have to google for a way to root your droid 2 however , and see if it wipes the data .
i have gear and note 2 . i rooted my phone and watch : everything went ok . finally got internet on the gear bluetooth tether to my phone . got new kitkat on the note 2 . i installed null rom onto the gear . the gear with it original stock os rom sucks , its pure garbage . but with custom rom its a lot better . beware : rooting the gear you can mess it up .
for the process to work , requirements are : titanium backup zip file , see below the license key file TitaniumBackup_license.txt . the idea being , is copy the license file and install the app onto the new device . caveat emptor this is only for legitimate licensed titanium backup owners . device is rooted usb cable plugged into device functioning copy of adb . step 1 . easiest way , is to generate the titanium backup zip file , tap menu scroll to the bottom , titled ' special features ' tap on " create ' update . zip ' " scripting type - edify default titanium backup will be installed as - user application default select the name of the output file - titaniumbackup-6.1.0 . zip tap that selection this will create the appropriate zip file on the /sdcard . pull that zip file across to your pc , as in adb pull /sdcard/TitaniumBackup-6.1.0.zip . unzip it , the file to look for is data/app/com.keramidas.TitaniumBackup.apk step 2 . pull the license file across to pc , as in adb pull /sdcard/TitaniumBackup_license.txt final step . now with both steps completed , it is a matter of : pushing the license file across to the new device as in adb push TitaniumBackup_license.txt /sdcard . it must be the root of the sdcard , anywhere else , it fails ! install the apk , as in adb install data/app/com.keramidas.TitaniumBackup.apk now launch the titanium backup , it should pick up the license file and treat it as pro version . in the event it does not , its likely a very weird glitch in the application , try reboot the device , to see if it works , if not , report it to the developers . ( i have this problem on my xperia mini , have a valid license , and it does not recognize it despite having the license in the root directory of the sdcard ! ) the hardcore way this will apply to any app . gist of these steps , is to move the application to /system/app . remount the system as re-writeable , adb remount shell in via adb and invoke su , adb shell followed by su . move the app from the /data/app to /system/app directory for example : an app called fooBarApp its underlying name is /data/app/fooBarApp-1.apk so without further ado : cp /data/app/fooBarApp-1.apk /system/app/fooBarApp.apk ( we need to drop the -1 part of the name as system apps do not have them ) rm /data/app/fooBarApp-1.apk ( to avoid duplication ! ) at this point , the ownership may get clobbered , or the permissions , for that matter , so make it chmod 644 /system/app/fooBarApp.apk reboot
smartphones and tablets have an obvious problem with events like mouseover : when there’s no mouse cursor , there’s no way to mouse over controls . some techniques may be applied as a work around , but it is hard to have them working decently . testing : with minimal success do not know what browser are you using , but with my phone : agent : mozilla/5.0 ( linux ; u ; android 2.3.3 ; en-us ; u8510 build/huaweiu8510 ) applewebkit/533.1 ( khtml , like gecko ) version/4.0 mobile safari/533.1 if i long press the menu that contains a sub-menu presented with mouseover , it opens after about 3 seconds ( even though , every two out of three , the click for the main menu gets triggered ) . ps : the website used to test it was developed by me , so i know for sure that there is no support for mobile phones being used .
a factory reset usually does not touch " external storage " ( may sound confusing , but that includes the " internal sdcard " as well ) – unless it explicitly specifies so ( some devices/roms have a corresponding checkbox in the system menu , usually settings → backup and reset , where this might be specified to be included ) . what a factory reset usually does is , basically , to wipe /cache ( where the application cache should be ) and /data ( where the userdata reside , including the apps the user installed ) . which means : nothing is wrong here , it is " working as designed " . if you want the sdcard to be wiped , you will have to do so yourself . you can e.g. use a file manager app , or connect your device to a computer . or simply use a terminal app ( or adb shell ) , and invoke rm -rf /storage/sdcard0/* to have all files removed from there . see also : factory-reset tag-wiki
i do not think there is much you can do beyond trying other wifi tether apps . you could also try using cyanogenmod ( for the gsm version of the hero , or the cdma version ) .
thanks for all answers , but my case was a very unusual case . i tried everything but it did not work . i reinstalled windows . it works now .
can you check with the gps turned off for a while ? i have heard reports of heating and restarts most of which refer to multiple things being active increasing current demands from the dock . here are a few references , n1 heat issue while charging + gps ? at the nexusoneforum nexus one is overheating in car dock , becoming unresponsive ( google android forum ) here is a quote from the second link , have use car dock overheat problem before , but i solved the problem now ! the car dock 12v to 5v adaptor it can provide max . 2a current maximum , the phone voltage is 3.7v , when you use this adaptor direct connect to the phone car dock , the phone begin charging , the charging current supplied by car adaptor , if you at same time your phone operating like navigation ( gps , data ) or video streaming and just not the screen off , this time the phone 's power provided by car adaptor through the phone itself , therefore the current = charging current + operatin current provided by car adaptor . this probelm very easy to solve , you just need to buy usb car adaptor from car accessories shop , the usb car adaptor maximum supply current not more than 1a or less , and then buy a micro usb cable connnect to the car dock body , the overheat problem have been solved .
are you sure you have the google-experience launcher ? the one that comeswith the nexus 5 and has integrated google now on the leftmost screen ? it does not come with the nexus 7 update , it is nexus 5 exclusive . you can sideload it , but since you mention " five homescreens " you do not have it . you have the stock launcher . if you are using the nexus 7 ' stock ' launcher you cannot remove or add homescreens . you could install nova launcher or another third party launcher . you can easily add and remove screens on these , through pinch out and drag screen to the ' trash can ' or ' x ' icon . specific to g.e. l : you simply remove all the shortcuts from the rightmost screen and it will automatically remove the screen itself . the reverse is true also , drag an icon out of the app drawer over the edge of the rightmost screen and a new one will be created . side loading gel : phandroid ' how to ' with links to the apk files you can easily sideload gel and you will only have one homescreen by default , and integrated google now . this should work on any android 4.0+ device . i have tested on 4.2.2 and 4.3 and 4.4 on galaxy s4 , nexus 4 and htc one .
as i did not find any suitable solutions i decided to write my own widget . it is available on google play : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=eu.siebeck.sipswitch i also made the source code available : https://github.com/robert7k/sipswitch
reset the phone works . only difference is that i have to set the device into discoverable mode each time i turn the bluetooth on . it was automatically set before .
resetting the phone to factory settings ( Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Privacy -&gt; Factory data reset ) and wiping the microsd card ( after backing up its contents ) should be all that is needed . factory reset dis-associates the phone from your google account , removes any custom apps ( installed on internal memory ) with their data , and clears all the caches . [ edit ] p.s. there is a good chance that the manufacturer ( samsung in your case ) or whoever you are sending your phone to for repairs might send you a different handset . depending on their service terms , they may simply ship you a brand new nexus s , or even a refurb . so jumping through hoops to leave your installed apps intact might be a waste of time .
the htc one x version will not work on the htc one x+ , so if you want to install cyanogenmod , it'll have to be the unofficial build you link to .
you can customise the toggles by clicking the pencil icon in the top right . you should then be able to add a wifi toggle icon . edit : ok . it seems like verizon have removed that toggle . if you are rooted you can add it back though . see link here ( contains screenshots ) . you need to download and install sqlite editor - you need to download and install sqlite editor open up sqlite editor - select the apps tab on top and scroll down until you see settings storage and click it . click on settings . db click on system click on the search icon on top right type in the word notification in the filter value field and click ok once the results load up , tap on notification_panel_active_app_list ( should be the bottom result ) and click on the pencil icon on top to edit in the value field , you will see all your toggles listed . all you have to do is add the word wifi &lt ; -- just like that with a semi colon right after . make sure there is no space after the semi colon like in the screenshot below . once you add wifi , click the save button . close sqlite editor and reboot your phone . once your phone boots back up , you should now have the wifi toggle in quick settings !
adb commands work without root . however the /data partition is only accessible by rooted users* and while /system can be read by anyone , it is a read-only partition and root is needed to remount it as writable . *there is one exception . the/data/local folder is accessible by non-root users too . this folder is primarily used for temporary like when you install an app via adb . the only practical use for this folder is that you can use a custom bootanimation by pushing a bootanimation zip file here .
as per this comment , the place for bug reports seems to be via the about -> send feedback link within the gmail app - this links to this survey page : http://www.google.com/m/survey/mail_ca
you do not install system apps , they are automatically detected . after you move it to /system/app/ just remount system as read-only and reboot . if your rom 's not deodexed that may not work but that is a whole other can of worms .
android 4 . x supports contact groups . this is the only way i have found till now .
this is an official representative of viber media . the source of this issue could greatly vary . please read this short page in our helpdesk , quoted below outlining some possible workarounds that will help reboot synchronization of the contact list : android : contact list is not showing your friends as viber users ? make sure you are using the latest version of viber . you can download the latest version from http://www.viber.com/ make sure that you are looking at the viber contact list , not your device 's contact list . in order for your contacts to see you as a viber user and be able to call you through viber , your phone number , which is saved on their address book , must be the exact same number that you used to register to viber and vice- versa . try tapping on the ' more ' tab at the bottom of the viber app , then select " settings " and the add a check mark [ √ ] to " show all contacts " once you installed viber , if you do not see someone in your contact list whom you know to have viber , it might be that the list is not updated ( this may be due to an unstable connection during setup , or just a slight delay ) . to update your contact list , re-sync it by re-initiating viber or by manually updating your contacts list . you do not need to uninstall and reinstall viber . shut viber down ( so that it no longer runs in the background ) or turn the phone off , and then re-open it . if this does not work , try the following steps : send the user an invite and if the number is a registered viber user , it will automatically update the viber contact list . enter into your viber contact list , then select the device 's menu button , and tap on " update contacts " . then just click your device ' home ' button . viber will run in the background . in about 30 min . to an hour , check again by clicking on the viber icon . confirm that you have an active internet connection . dial a number manually , using the viber keypad delete the contact with the missing viber badge from your contact list . add it again and make sure to include the country code . the phone number format should include the plus sign , country code , cell code and phone number . the standard format is : + ( country code ) - ( cell code ) - ( phone number ) for example : +1-555-555-5555 for more questions or technical support , please visit our official helpdesk . from the faq : try tapping on the " more " tab at the bottom of the viber app , then select " settings " and the add a check mark [ √ ] to " show all contacts " .
depends on how the copy is performed . the sd card contains a couple of hidden files/directories ( especially with app2sd being used , there is the .android_secure folder to be considered ) . usually , when on a linux workstation , a complete copy from sdcard#1 to sdcard#2 should do the job ( cp -dpR &lt;source&gt; &lt;target&gt; ) . same should apply to mac os . as i have no windows , i cannot speak for that .
according to the official twitter feed , their website is having problems right now . try it again later . mightytext is a reputable piece of software , so while we can not say for sure what they are doing with your information ( like any other closed-source software ) , you should not assume it is malware just because it is not working as it should . see also this venn diagram illustrating the situation :
you can , but a kernel mod may be required to also keep the host device charging . however , many devices are already prepared for this , and cables are being manufactured and sold to this specific end , as one can see from this ebay search , there is already several cables in the market . to your particular device , the sonic_boom user at this xda developers forum thread made a dock station to use otg cable and charging at the same time : my docking station will work with any 2012 maybe 2011 sony xperia devices with otg support . i have tested this so far on my xperia s and working perfect . dock station schematics
you can always try flashing the 4.3 factory image if data preservation is not a problem . grab the image from google , then follow these instructions
basic walkthrough for any phone : alternative 1: flash a cwm recovery for samsung , use heimdall . download for ' galaxy s2' or ' sgh-i777' , depending on what you own heimdall also supports a dump command that can be used to backup all flash beforehand command to flash : heimdall flash --recovery CWM-recovery.img enter the newly installed cwm recovery do a backup in cwm to your external sdcard ( be sure there is enough space left ) switch off and check the backup on your pc ( it is located in /clockworkmod/backup/ on the sdcard ) if you are sure your backup is ok , enter cwm again and do a full wipe reboot your phone , do the first-time-init ( google account and such ) install titanium backup + its pro key in titanium backup : extract from nandroid backup alternative 2: applicable if your fastboot mode supports the extended command ' boot ' compatible devices : google 's nexus line , htc desire with patched hboot loader and others steps : enter fastboot mode and load a recovery into ram ( without flashing ) : fastboot boot recovery.img continue with step 3 from ' alternative 1' alternative 3 ( samsung only , but broken on galaxy s i9000 ) : not tried yet , see this as an idea as for now . you are on your own with errors on extraction and restore heimdall implements a ' dump ' and command and a means to print the partition table ( pit ) : heimdall dump --chip-type NAND --chip-id 0 --output nanddump.out.img heimdall print-pit or heimdall download-pit --output nand.out.pit you may then cut the nand dump into pieces ( one for each partition ) and name them accordingly . if successfull , you can then access your data and continue at alternative 1 , step 8 or 4
i fixed it by creating the sd-ext partition as another primary partition . works fine now . i hope this helps somebody .
ability to restore deleted entries really varies from each calendar . assuming you made your entries to google calendar and did not sync it to the cloud , then no it is not possible to restore it .
yes . i agree with everything that bryan has said but want to add . . . you can use an app like phone usage that helps you monitor your network traffic . the pro version ( $2.35 ) also allows you to set data limits that will send you a notification if you go over . so you could set it to 125 mb and you had know when you are getting close and you can throttle down your usage . verizon has a 30 day return policy ( although i think they are changing it to 15 days ) so you can monitor your traffic and if you find that you are using waaay too much you can always cancel and go back to what ever you had before . another useful app ( if you have rooted your device ) if droidwall which lets you set which apps can access your 3g connection . this would be useful if you identify that an app that requires background sync and uses a lot of data . it would also be good if you are getting close to you 150 mb limit and want to lock down your data usage . finally , many apps let you set a wifi only rule . for example beyondpod has a setting in the apps that says " only download podcasts when on wifi " but if you really want to take control of your phone you can download tasker and set an almost unlimited set of rules for how your phone operates .
after researching this in local forums , it turned out to a sim card issue . my carrier had a series of yellow sim cards that for some reason caused this problem . i had my carrier replace it , and i have been on cm ever since ( with a short break for aokp ) .
as of version 1.2.5 , tethering has been included in afwall+ , you should only need to enable ( tethering ) - dhcp+dns services
in short , yes . android apps are upward compatible as @ce4 said . but if you are going to build an app , its best to compile it on the latest version of android , ie jelly bean 4.2.1 . this question would have been better suited on stackoverflow .
alright everyone , i think i may have found something , so if anyone is having this problem , hopefully it can help . i believe it is a problem with google maps . for me , sometimes , when i launch maps and the gps icon flashes a few times without locking and disappearing , that is when the problem starts . well i had the google maps traffic widgets active , and i would use those all the times and did not realize it was not locking the gps , but my speedometer apps would not work , or even maps would not work i uninstalled maps , and reinstalled , did not help . this is what i found that works - do not use the traffic widgets , just open maps and look at traffic if you need to . the second is , if you open maps and gps does not lock , exit maps . open up gps status , let it lock - for me i do not even need to clear or update agps info , but you may need to . exit gps status , not open your speedometer app or maps , and it should work . i have been able to ' fix ' the gps issue this way over the last few days with multiple reboots and intalls/uninstalls of maps . hopefully this can be helpful or at least a start to troubleshooting . good luck !
the rom that bsnl customer care provided might not have gapps installed . you can download a relevant version of gapps from goo . im/gapps . based on the information you had provided , you can use gapps-ics-20120429-signed . zip . download that zip file and place it in your sd card . install rommanager from their site . once installed , choose install zip option and select the zip file .
there is currently no way to apply a user stylesheet with the default android browser . if you firefox is not available on your phone , you could install the apk manually , but it may not work since it is not supported . you could download the opera browser , connect it to remote debugging using the dragonfly debugger , and then manually apply the stylesheet via debugging--but there are a lot of steps to that and you would have to add the stylesheet on every page load . this may not be a solution depending on what your needs are for the user stylesheet .
use market applications like permission watchdog or permissions . also , there are several others .
this has nothing to do with the file being of type mp4 and everything to do with the video codec being used . if you have video files that are not playing particularly well on the tablet , you should consider looking at handbrake , a free piece of software that allows you to convert video formats . in-depth instructions are available at how to : handbrake and a500 on xda-developers . basically , you want to use the following settings in the application : load your video in handbrake picture tab - set anamorphic to loose and width to 1280 video tab - select constant quality with a value of 20 audio tab - audio codec aac ( faac ) , mixdown dolby pro logic ii , samplerate auto , bitrate 160 , drc 0.0 there are some settings that can be tweaked in the advance tab ( see the forum post i linked ) . you can then save this profile in handbrake and run this for any video files you encounter . for playback on the iconia , i use mobo player but there are others that work fine .
it downloads them to your sd card . i do not use google listen but i installed it and downloaded a podcast . it put it in : /sdcard/com.google.android.apps.listen/downloads  the name of the file might be something odd so you might need to rename them but that is where they are all located .
as i said in several comments , the calendar app is the way to interact with your calendar offline . if you are interacting with the calendar via the browser , you need to be connected . the android browser does not support any sort of " plug-in " .
in case you only need a cross compiling environment with the standard linux build tools there is an easy solution already included in the android-ndk : in the subdirectory build/tools of the ndk you find a scrip named make-standalone-toolchain.sh . using the parameter --install-dir= you can specify a path where to create the standalone-toolkit - for example as shown inthis call : build/tools/make-standalone-toolchain.sh --install-dir=/tmp/android-stanalone-toolchain  adding the bin directory of the created toolkit allows you to use the standard build process for compiling projects . just make sure that you call the configure script properly for cross compiling : ./configure --target=arm-linux-androideabi --host=arm-linux-androideabi  afterwards you can simply call make and then pray that the application you want to compile is compatible with arm/android platform .
