try this link first - lg l1 support page and checkout the manuals provided . if you do not find what you need then try Live Chat provided below in the same page to ask them directly about this problem . if no chat agents available at that time try emailing them .
in Settings -> Wireless &amp; Networks -> Data Usage you should be able to uncheck the " set mobile data limit " . the limit will stop data usage when you reach the limit . ( you probably have this unchecked already ) . on this screen is where you can move the " warning " levels up so you will not reach them and you will not receive the notification . one thing to note : if you have mobile data disabled , the checkbox to set the limits will not be visible . re-enable it temporarily and you can dispatch the annoying notifications for good .
i have never been a fan of the froyo apps2sd , i was a huge fan of the original " apps2sd " that used an ext2/3/4 partition on your sdcard . i am not sure if any custom roms still support this . i know it is not " supported " in cyanogenmod . you will have to root to go the " apps2ext " route . but if you dont want to go that route , or can not find any roms that support it , i do not really know of any way you can really free up any additional space . if rooted , you can delete any " bloatware " that is installed on the /system . you can remove z4root after you install it . another thing to keep in mind , even if you install applications on the sdcard , they can still use the /data directory to store their data , which is located on the devices internal storage .
sounds like you custom maps is exactly what you are after .
you will need to submit a request to police station to track your android device through its imei number . as soon as the mobile is switched on and it gets signal from telecom company , its location will be detected . or alternatively , if you had any tracking app , installed on your device , then you may contact app developer for help to track your device .
amazon app store downloads apk files to a folder that titanium backup considers external app data . you can regularly clean out this folder or choose one of the following : create a label , and add amazon appstore to it . now go into settings and under backup external app data choose . " enable for apps outside of choosen label " now pick the label that you added amazon too . inside tb 's settings under backup external app data choose " enable if it is smaller than choosen size " and enter a value that you are comfortable with .
you can close all the pages via menu -> windows before exiting the browser . if you want the last page to stay loaded and not reload , you have to make sure the browser is not killed or forced to give up memory by android . in other words , use only lightweight apps or do not use anything , and hope your system behaves :p
these suggestions might seem odd and they might not yield any results but they are worth a shot : try using the panorama and video settings in the stock camera , and i do mean actually use them . do not just switch to them and switch back to picture mode . if you are lucky changing modes , taking a panorama/video , then changing back to normal picture mode will reset whatever needs to be reset . in normal picture mode long-press the shutter button . try this twice , one time release the screen as normal and the next drag your finger away from the shutter button before releasing the screen . i am not sure if doing it these two ways will have different results , but i know that if you drag your finger away no picture will be taken .
the latest version of the gmail app ( it has not been released yet , but you can find a copy of a leaked official apk floating around somewhere ) has this feature . it adds a " more details " link on every email header so you can see the actual email addresses used . i am not sure whether this version will work on 1.5 and up , as google has not said anything yet . i know that part of their work in 2.2 was better separating the google apps like gmail from the rest of the platform , so that they could ship updates through the market . so it is possible that this will only become available for 2.2 .
i have seen this on occasion on mine . it seems to be a software issue , triggered by certain usage patterns . this post on xda-developers has some info on how you may be able to trigger it . that community seems to be hoping that the 4.1 jelly bean update will include a cure .
try upgrading to android 4.4.2 . settings -> general -> about device -> software update -> update . : )
one current work around would be to create a draft in gmail that has the signature and use it in the mobile app .
you should be able to do this through an app called tasker . check out useful or cool tasker recipes , you may be able to modify one of those scripts to do what you want .
these instructions are pretty hard to follow but should work : root insntructions
turn it on , then go into hangouts and turn it off . actually i really wanted to write/receive sms from hangouts , but it did not quite work well . sometimes i could not even reply to the message . so yeah . i disabled it and no nag ever since .
after trying all the solutions i found online , i found the one what works for my phone : settings> apps> all apps> contacts ( not contact storage ) and clear data . now contacts are saved to phone . i also chose to display only phone contacts , but without clearing data on the contacts app , it did not work .
i think this stackoverflow answer should point you in the right direction : all of the native code for an app is stored in the libs/ directory in the root of the apk . it is compiled arm or x86 code , or both . you can find it in libs/architecture_type/lib_name . so . you can dissemble the code with objdump or gdb . decompiling is a much harder task , but you can find some software that might work for you .
from jorte 's description , it looks like you can synchronize jorte with google calendar . you can also synchronise outlook with google calendar using google calendar sync . so if you are happy using google calendar as a " middle-man " then it would be possible to sync the two .
you can indeed , just hold down the shift key and move the cursor with the dpad/trackbal/etc . from the comments : the center key in the d-pad activates the two text-selection hands , which can be moved anywhere using the d-pad directional keys . then , pressing the d-pad center key again , copies the selection to the clipboard .
since the calendar app syncs with google calendar - why do not you create a " test " calendar , add events to that calendar and then delete the calendar from a web browser on your computer ? i just did this myself and it worked fine .
how do i root my device ? contains our collective knowledge on what devices can be rooted , with links to methods . it is incomplete , of course , so if anyone knows how to root this tablet please add the info to the answer there , even if you post it here . roms cannot generally be used with multiple devices . each device normally requires its own drivers and kernel , due to different hardware . rooting is also not standardized ; it depends on how android has been modified on your particular device , as well as how your bootloader behaves . there are , however , methods of rooting that take advantage of exploits common to most flavors of a particular version of android . for example , " gingerbreak " worked on most devices that had the original version of android 2.3 . how do i root my device ? contains a list of those generalized tools as well . the device looks like it is not google-certified , and from searching around it looks like very few people have it . information on it will be sparse and rooting that much harder if none of the common exploits work .
this turned out to be a hardware fault which is pretty common on the sgs2 units . the vibration device is mounted next to the audio jack , meaning that it sometimes fails if the jack has been stressed . there is a short video ( warning : nsfw language ) that describes the issues and how to fix them . essentially it works as following : insert a cable into the headphone jack . lightly press on the jack , in the direction of the front-facing camera ( left , if looking at the phone from the front ) whilst lightly pressing in this direction , remove the jack . vibration should be restored . . . for now . the long term fix is to get the vibration motor re-mounted by a qualified repair technician .
the phone now mounts with multiple drives . i think the problem was i had never seen that before on my previous phones and just missed it ! ! : ( my home machine has a lot of drives . i saw one , and missed the second . one drive mounts for the phone memory , one mounts for the ssdcard .
you can try to find a launcher similar to the stock one . you should know that the launcher only changes the look of the homescreens and app drawer . they can also be customized pretty much .
you are not alone in wanting the old messaging app ! even though the old stock messaging app is no longer included in android , you always have the option of installing an alternative . in fact , people are recommending 8sms as a replacement for hangouts that is almost identical to the original stock messaging app . in fact , it is built from the source code of the original messaging app , with " some enhancements " .
now , i am not 100% that this is the exact issue , as i do know that this is the case with . m3u playlists , but i have not tried using . pls files for a playlist . the problem sounds like it is with the media scanner . when it scans the directory that the . pls file is in , it sees the playlist file ( the . pls ) but if the directory does not have any other media files in there ( like . mp3 for example ) then it automatically assumes that the playlist is empty so it deletes it . you can create a file in the directory called .nomedia and the media scanner will not even scan the directory , leaving your . pls files alone . to test this , you could just drop some type of media file in the directory with the . pls and see if it is still deleted ( or add the . nomedia file ) . if it is not deleted , then it is 100% the media scanner causing the files to delete . if it is still deleted , then i would check if in your application you are deleting them some how .
you could change the guest network to be low priority by editing the supplicant . conf file ( probably requires root , or adb use ) . you can find out what file this is by looking at /etc/wifi/wifi.conf ; the file you need is set as the SUPP_CONFIG_FILE property 's value . normally it is /data/wifi/bcm_supp.conf or /data/misc/wifi/wpa_supplicant.conf . you will see entries like the following in that file : network={ ssid="network name" someotherproperty="some other value" priority=0 }  you want to have priority=0 for the networks you least want to connect to , and a higher priority for networks you do want to connect to . if you just have " do not want " and " want " , use 0 and 1 . if you have " do not want " , " not preferred " , " preferred " , and " super-preferred " , use values 0 , 1 , 2 , and 3 respectively . you get the idea .
there is not any way to get to it . it is basically turning on and off a developer facing backup feature . each app can write what it wants to into a certain amount of space , and google takes care of sending it back to the app when it is reinstalled . even if you were to write an app for it , you had only be able to access the storage linked to that developer key , not the other apps that use the service . for more info on what that option does , see my answer here .
i am assuming you have a power cable plugged in . in that case you will have to unplug the cable , turn it on and plug it in as soon as something appears on the screen . i have had this problem several times when trying to flash the phone while tethered to a computer and forgot to take out the usb cable when rebooting .
it definitely is a software configuration . there are 2 possible reasons for this problem : servers its contacting - when google maps on your tablet/phone contacts the gps satellites , its done through a special set of servers . sometimes , the manufacturer might have set the system to connect to a set of particularly busy servers . it has been shown that connecting to other servers with lower traffic can give dramatically faster lock on times . possible bug in the initial configuration - when the manufacturer was setting up the initial build configuration , an unintended bug could have been introduced . the solution to both can be done i believe through a simple fix in the gps . conf file but that would require root access . when i was running the stock firmware on my asus transformer , i was having the same problem . now i am running a custom rom and i have no troubles with lock on in google maps .
maybe disabling the noise cancellation feature might work . . get a rooted file editor first , then from "/system/build . prop " change the "media.a1026.enableA1026=1" to "media.a1026.enableA1026=0" then do a reboot . see if your problem is solved . i simply suspect the android 's mic always gets enabled for the purpose of noise cancellation during calls/voice input . remember ! i do not hold responsiblilty for any failure . i suggest you make a backup and everything when you try this . source : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?p=6787214
i ended up using the backup verification codes . the backup methods are the only way to get back into your account if you have damaged your phone .
there are huge differences between 1.6 and 2.2 . 1.6 is also a pretty old version of android . flash is only available for 2.2 and later , so if you have to have flash then you need to go with 2.2 . but the archos 43 does not have an fm receiver , the 48 has a receiver , and transmitter . the ui had big improvements in 2.2 compared to 1.6 . the ability to install apps on an external sdcard is also available on 2.2 , but i do not think you will really need that as the 48 says it has 500gb ( that seems like a lot for a device like that . . . ) . i have also read that it is possible to install froyo on the 48 . 3 . x is currently only available on select devices as they have to " partner " with google in order to have access to honeycomb ( 3 . x ) . so i would not expect to see an update on these devcies anytime soon for 3 . x .
i figured it out . if you navigate to this page , and tick the receive text messages on this phone box all texts to google voice will be forwarded to your phone via sms . this generates a new number for each of your contacts that will travel between google voice before delivery , making it so you will always show as your google voice number to friends , even if you are outside of wifi . so just need to save the new number for each contact and be sure to text that instead of their actual number and it works perfect . more info here .
there are definitely android dlna clients and servers which will allow you to share or receive videos or other media over a wireless network , see these previous questions : dlna enabled media player ? what can i do with dlna on an android smartphone ? can i get dlna on my droid ? what is the android answer to air video server ? if you have a tv with a usb port , you should definitely be able to mount your phone 's sd card as a drive and play the files on it ( assuming they are encoded with codecs that your tv understands ) . also if you have a phone with video or hdmi out functionality you can play videos direct to the tv over a video or hdmi cable . but , i do not think you will be able to do things quite the way you describe . i do not know of any tvs that will mount a usb device as anything other than a mass storage device ( usb drive ) or a network adapter ( normally only specific manufacturer approved adaptors ) , and it sounds like you want to stream movies via your phone rather than just play them from its storage . one problem you are going to face is that on an unmodified android phone the moment you mount your phone as mass storage to one device ( eg your tv ) it is no longer accessible to other apps on your phone ( such as whatever 's receiving it from your pc ) . tl ; dr three realistic options : plug phone into pc copy movies onto sd card , unplug phone , plug into tv play as files if your phone has tv-out , video-out or hdmi-out , plug your phone into the tv that way instead of usb and then either play from its storage , or from a streaming video client if your tv is network connectible , use a dlna client on your phone ( see above question links ) to push the movie from a dlna server on the pc ( eg windows media player on win 7 , or twonky server ) to a dlna compatible , network attached tv ( or media streamer box attached to tv ) .
as per @chahk 's answer i guess it depends if swype came pre installed on your handset . in that case i do not think you can uninstall it . in either case , try going to settings -> apps and see if swype is listed . tap it and try to uninstall it . then you can go to beta . swype . com , download the installer , install it , run it , and follow directions to sign in and install the beta .
it really comes down to customer expectations . with ios , apple uses the built-in apps to set an expectation that apps will be " blingy " , with all kinds of eye-catching animations . if you look at android 's built-in apps , they are not so eye-catching : animations are subtle ( usually simple fades or fly-ins ) , they have a much cleaner , drier look , and they have very similar , familiar conventions about menus and transitions . this has set the expectation amongst android users that app-specific bling is much less important than respecting the conventions of the platform and integrating well with other apps . at the same time , the app ecosystem and the consumer market are very different on android . apple has a very large barrier to entry : you can not realistically develop ios apps without buying a mac , and a physical device , and paying a subscription to apple . this means that for the most part , hobbyists and small developers are excluded from this market . in contrast , the android development tools are freely available and support windows , mac , and linux ; there is no subscription to be a developer ; you can get onto google play for a small , one-off fee , or distribute apps outside of google play ( on other app stores or independently ) . for this reason , while android still has all the big-name developers you find writing ios apps , there is also a much larger number of small developers and hobbyists . hobbyists are much less likely to add bling or visual design features to their apps , because they just want to develop something useful . there are a lot of incredibly well-written and useful hobbyist and open-source apps , but they are much less likely to add visual design varnish to them . as well as bringing down the average amount of varnish for an app , this also feeds back into the consumer expectation that android apps do not need so much bling .
hdr has not to be enabled on the device . it is a software feature , combining multiple photos ( see : bracketing ) into one . so you will need a camera app supporting this . afaik the stock camera shipping with android 4.2+ does so , plenty more are available on google play ( not necessarily requiring android 4.2+ , most will run on your device ) . see e.g. camera hdr studio or hdr camera for apps explicitly dedicated to this feature , or camera fv-5 for an all-round-camera having this feature " amongst others " . more to find out there . a helpful article to read on the topic : how to use hdr on your android device .
virtually all android devices have the developer options menu . this is stock android ; a carrier or device manufacturer would have to explicitly remove it . if they did , the hue and cry from actual android developers would be very loud ; some might even refuse to develop for such a device , which would have a negative impact on device sales . in ice cream sandwich , it is grown lots of extra options , as you have noticed . the developer options are mostly useful to actual developers , though some of them are useful to power users . for instance , " usb debugging " allows a user to control their android from their pc with adb ; that could be anything from side-loading an apk to rooting the device . privacy fanatics will appreciate " allow mock locations" ; when this option is on they can use simple apps to generate false geolocation data . and my personal favorite is " stay awake " which prevents the phone from sleeping or blanking the display while it is on the charger . if you are having a problem with these options getting enabled while the device is in your pocket , as in your other question , consider using a screen lock . in jelly bean , developer options must be enabled explicitly and a warning dialog appears if you try to enable developer options . this will help prevent you from enabling them accidentally in your pocket .
it turns out that just because you can see and use a map online , that does not mean that google will allow you to make the area available offline . offline maps are only currently available for certain countries , and brazil is not currently one of them , in fact it seems to be a fairly odd selection . google have published the full list of countries that it is available in here : maps for mobile - offline availability edit : note that in a july 2013 google maps update , google made offline maps into a hidden feature with no menu option any more . more about how to make maps available offline here : get offline maps in new google maps
this was fixed in the 4.3 update that came out for my phone lately . all done .
this is possible if you are rooted . there is two applications that i know of which give you a little persistent overlay on the side of the screen , then pop out a full set of soft buttons when you press the overlay . one is softkeys , the other is button savior . i have not seen anything equivalent for non-rooted devices , but there is an app called softhome which adds a home button to your notification bar . it does not have a back button , however , just home .
short answer : no . long answer : not usually , but there some exceptions . in general , to root the phone , you first have to unlock the bootloader . this wipes the internal storage , keeping your data safe . ( it does not usually wipe the sd card , but you have to assume an attacker will just remove the sd card if he wants to read it ) . you had almost think it was designed this way ! you can easily get past a screen lock using adb , but you have already specified that that is disabled . even if usb debugging is enabled on the phone , newer android versions have a " confirm the debugging key " prompt when you use adb from a new pc , which requires the attacker to unlock the screen anyway . some phones have low-level security vulnerabilities that are not part of android . for example , you used to be able to root any exynos4 device ( such as the samsung galaxy s3 ) by running an app that abused the camera interface to exploit the way the camera driver works . ( this flaw has now been fixed in ota updates . ) in this particular case , you had need to install a special app of your choice onto the phone and run it to exploit the vulnerability . it is likely that any future errors like this will also need the attacker to run a special app , so can not be used on a locked phone with usb disabled , but it is conceivable that some flaw might be added that could be exploited from the lock screen ( perhaps using mtp or usb-otg ) . the last exception is , of course , if the bootloader is already unlocked . in this case , the attacker can flash anything he likes to the system . he would not even need to root the phone : he could simply disable the lock screen and reboot the phone to get to the home screen . some users think that bootloader locking is just to make things harder for users , but it is an important part of android 's security mechanism .
nexus 7 does not support ums ( usb mass storage ) out of box . but , it supports file transfer by mtp ( media transfer protocol ) . mtp allows you to push and pull any type of files from sdcard , but it does not allow you to edit files directly on sdcard ( like you do with ums mode ) . from your screenshot , it looks like your nexus 7 is connected with ptp ( photo transfer protocol ) , also known as camera mode . switch to mtp mode and do whatever you want . also make sure your pc os supports mtp .
it is quite easy . go to instagram app tap on your own name in stream ( or the card icon ) to go to your profile tap the 3 vertical dots next to your name tap Edit profile scroll down , tap Push notifications uncheck what you do not want . voila !
in some trains you sit like inside an faraday cage , as they even metallized the windows -- thus no signal can get through . that is also why you have special " mobile phone " zones in some trains : here they placed something like a little " repeater " inside this section of the train , capturing the signal from outside the cabin ( and transmitting it back the same way , of course ) . however , they do not do that for gps .
i have posted the question on same link shown in question . till that i tried everything format sd card totally , also tried different roms of ics still it was not worked . then as in reply i got on that forum saying install gingerbread rom then root it , use ota root keeper and upgrade . so i did similar to that i installed gingerbread . then i formatted all using cwm . then i installed new ics refrec v2 rom . and then after i tried to root it . and it worked . hope so if anyone face the same problem they can downgrade to gb then again move to ics to root it after flash if their favorite rom does not come rooted . : )
of course i would figure this out just after asking the question : you can view the application details in landscape mode by first selecting the application in the left-side panel , then clicking the larger application icon or title in the right-side pane .
usually , mobile data should be turned off automatically by the system when wifi is connected . if you are sure it is mobile data which is on , you could try some automation tools to handle this , e.g. tasker ( condition : wifi connected , task : mobile data off ) , or llama - location profiles ( here i do not know the steps , but it can do that as well ) .
the android firmware is composed of several image files . these image files are flashed to ( device specific ) locations on your devices internal memory . typically these images are for the bootloader , recovery , fastboot , and the system ( os ) . the remaining memory is mapped to your internal storage . since each device expects them to be located at different locations depending on the manufacturer , you cannot modify them safely .
it sounds like a defective unit . i would send it in for warranty replacement . if it is getting warm while plugged in the power is shorting out the unit causing it to show no life but receive power .
that is going to depend on how much you are using it during the day , i would say start at 700 and move it around until it feels smooth for you . i would not push the phone that high , first it is going to overheat pretty quickly , which can permanently brick your phone . even 800 is going to be rough on it so i would not leave it up that high for very long . i have got an eris ( did a little looking around , and the droid cpu is set at 550mhz whereas the eris is set at 528mhz as reference points ) so this is going to be a little different than what you have got , but here 's my profiles so you can tweak as needed . temp > 36.9 c 528mhz/160mhz priority : 100 ( this is the failsafe setting , if the phone get 's too hot it'll cut the cpu speed so the phone can cool down and prevent any damage ) charging/full 729mhz/528mhz priority : 80 ( if the phone is plugged in , it can run a little harder , but i also do not use my phone much when it is plugged in ) battery &lt ; 100% 710mhz/528mhz priority : 50 ( this is the normal use setting , which keeps the phone moving smoothly , but does not get too hot ) the most important thing is that you have scaling set to ondemand . this will turn the processor down if it is not being used . hence , on the last setting , it is very rarely at 710mhz and is most often below 550mhz . second to remember is not to set the minimum too low , or the phone will have trouble waking up from sleep . you will need to do a little digging around to find out what the ideal min is for the droid , but i would suspect above 160 mhz would be safe for you . those should cover most bases , at bare minimum add the failsafe profile so that you do not lose your phone .
8pen has now answered this at their official support site : you are right , in the early version of the 8pen from november 2010 , we included a popup window . it is now removed , but we are considering putting it back again , as you are not the only one requesting this feature . by the way , are you aware of the game "8pen wordcup " , available for free on the market ( http://goo.gl/qvpiw ) ? that should get you quickly up and running with the new layout , so you will not need to be looking for letters all the time .
here is the way i used to do it ( make sure all of your contacts are backed up to google ) : delete all non google contacts . add contacts to phone that you do not want to appear . delete the contacts from google that you just added to your phone . in you contact book : menu button > contacts to display > google only now your contact book will only show your google contacts , but your phone contacts will show up if the person calls you . this is a little inconvienent if you like to use both your google and phone contacts for different things . note : this process can be reversed to get the opposite effect ( store main contacts on phone , store contacts of people you do not want to see on google ) .
the upgrade to android 4.3 came from my service provider last week , so i upgraded . now i can play and pause music from the lock screen !
when google cloud messaging receives a message from google , it sends a broadcast to the related app . the app can receive this broadcast even if no service was running , and it can respond by starting a service , or by creating a notification from within the broadcast receiver itself . part of the android developers ' documentation explains the process step-by-step . there is a lot of detail there that you only need to know to write an app that uses google cloud messaging , but it might help satisfy your curiosity .
if i remember correctly , you can drag the frame to the full size of the image , so that the whole picture will be selected as background .
the chrome page in the app store says this about the new permissions : this version requests two new permissions , camera and modify audio settings , to support webrtc , an experimental feature under development . webrtc itself is designed to expose your camera and mic to the browser , so that web-apps can implement video-conferencing and other multimedia solutions in-browser . the webrtc people have at least nominally considered the privacy implications , by adding an info-bar to chrome : chrome on windows is said to have access to your camera and mic . so if you use chrome on windows ( and soon firefox too ) then you are implicitly trusting the vendor of those programs to not take pictures of you when you do not authorize it . the same is true for android . one hopes that they do not introduce security flaws that allow unauthorized access to the camera/mic by malicious websites . as to what you can do about it , on a rooted phone you can uninstall chrome or install a permissions-control app that denies permissions to installed apps . you can switch to a different browser that does not support webrtc . otherwise you are stuck with what android provides . if you decide that you trust microsoft or apple more than google , you can switch . or maybe you trust an open-source android variant like cyanogenmod . for myself i consider the fact that google already has a bunch of apps on my phone which have access to my camera and mic , so if google wanted to spy on me they already can . heck , they could build that right into the os and just not tell anyone . google apps that can access the camera/mic : search voice search plus translate drive shopper goggles youtube remote youtube not to mention the camera app which is built-in to the phone . edit : the question was updated with a screenshot of what the phone shows when you are prompted to update the app . unfortunately at this time there does not seem to be a way for app developers to document why they need particular permissions , except in external sources . for example , this chrome update states why it needs the permission in the " what is new " page . however , if you do not look there and just see the scary warning , you are left wondering what is going on . as an app developer i wish we could add help text to the permissions page to explain to the user why we need the permissions and how the privacy policy protects the user . google could certainly make this more usable and less scary .
most apps save their settings and preferences to the internal memory . however , many apps are written to use the sd card for some storage as well . this is usually done to prevent taking up too much space on the ( often very limited ) internal memory . for example , many apps with " offline " mode ( e . g . news readers ) will place downloaded content onto a folder on the sd card . some apps handle disappearance of such cache from the sd card better than others . in most cases though , you can get away with clearing the app cache and data via Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications menu , then tapping on the app , and tapping " clear data " and " clear cache " buttons , if available . uninstall and re-install is a last resort option and should always work .
the keyword is : " active display " . use that in a search ( a better custimized google search here ) turns up a whole lot of good candidates ( oh , and a bunch of not-candidates , unfortunately ) . it might be useful ignoring the ones from motorola itself , as they are probably intended for their device ( s ) ( checking can not hurt , though ) . just a few picks right from the first page : active display and battery active display are two examples of apps emulating moto 's active display on other devices as i wrote , these are only the first two candidates picked up , and there are probably several more you might wish to check out for yourself . good luck !
it is simple . download the whatsapp messenger app on to your tablet . it is free for a whole year , then you pay $1/year to keep using it . by default , whatsapp is not compatible with tablets , but there is a work-around for that . . . . . . right here you can also try line , which is another messenging app . also . . . textplus has the least amount of work to setup ( it is compatible with tablets ) , but it allows you to send texts and make calls . though it is not as good as whatsapp or line i have also tried mightytext , which works just fine . not sure why it will not work for your phone . . .
no . it is not possible to get this information with the android sdk . you might get this information if you have access to the drivers and the kernel of your device .
i heard dropbox is a good alternative , but i have not tried it myself .
it should be under " status " , in the " about tablet " menu .
first , you can decide what data you want to sync with google . in the accounts settings , you can disable contacts sync , and so only sync your calendar data , which would solve one of your items . concerning sms , there are several backup and restore apps available on the market . the probably most popular one is sms backup and restore . second item solved . as for your apps settings , and " etc " -- that will get a bit more difficult . if your devices are both rooted , it could be done using titanium backup . without root it is almost impossible -- except for those few apps using the google backup api ( you can decide to have your " data " backed up to google servers in your device 's settings ) . as each app runs in its own sandbox , without root no other app can access its data .
a workaround at least while in the main launcher home screen is to press menu and then notifications . else get hellostatusbar and assign it to a shortcut key . you can also try status bar expander which uses a long-press on the menu key to drop the bar wherever you are . naturally , ymmv as certain devices do not support these apps .
from the sony mobile site there does not seem to be a file manager included in sony 's rom . however , many excellent file managers are available on the play store . i personally use es file exploerer for many years now and it is excellent . astro file manager is also very popular . here 's a search for many , many more posibilities
as described in this how-to , you can do this by installing a " chrooted " linux distro on android such as ubuntu , and then downloading , installing and configuring hamachi manually . hamachi is a vpn program which can be used to link up computers . with hamachi on an android you would be able to access the files on multiple computers from anywhere in the world ( provided that you have wifi , 3g , 4g or any other type of internet connection on your phone ) this is useful when programs like dropbox can not hold the file that you want because it is too large and you know that you will need it at some point when you are on the go . to get hamachi on android there are a few requirements which must be met first : internet access . ubuntu/debian/backtrack or any other linux distro on your phone . rooted phone ( root access ) . once those 3 requirements have been met you should be set to go . boot up the linux distro on your phone either open up the browser on the distro or the browser on your phone . go to http://www.mediafire.com/?jwng92o6j56ov8l and download the hamachi file . if you did this on the distro then you may skip to step 5a if it has not happened already , move that whole file to emmc on your phone ( 5a . move the hamachi file from the downloads folder in the distro to /root ) open up the distro and copy that hamachi file from /mnt/emmc to /root open terminal and cd into that directory and run the following commands sh ./install mkdir /dev/net mknod /dev/net/tun c 10 200 apt-get install sudo apt-get install libcrypto++7 ln -s /usr/lib/libcrypto.so.0.9.8 /usr/lib/libcrypto.so.0.9.7 sudo tuncfg hamachi-init hamachi start hamachi login hamachi set-nick [ enter desired nickname here ] hamachi join [ networkname ] [ password ] done .
edit : just came across kitkat launcher , a clone of the stock kk launcher with some mods . more info on their xda thread . jboi explained : unless you write you own homescreen launcher or use an existing one from goolge play , there is no way to resize icons . well , no way does not mean its impossible : as said , you can write your own launcher as discussed in stackoverflow . you can resize elements on the home screen , but these elements are appwidgets . since api level 14 they can be resized and user can - in limits - change the size . but that are widgets not shortcuts for launching icons .
recently created localcalendar app is what we needed . it works on android 2 . x too and is open source . ( github )
it is actually pretty simple but not obvious at first . create a playlist ( e . g . ' offline' ) open google play music on your android device and select the playlist check ' keep on device ' for the playlist go to http://music.google.com and add tracks to this playlist you device will download the tracks , even if you add them with the web interface
i used android system info app and it gave me a bit more hardware information ( cpu speed , cpu chip , etc . ) but nothing definitive about the manufacturer . . . i guess it will remain a mysterious an allwinner clone . . . thanks for the help , all . . .
essentially , for backing up apps or sms , titaniumbackup works wonderfully . i have always relied on it to get my job done . but since you have already backed up your apps , i would suggest you to try moving your app data folder to storage/emulated/0/android/data/ folder instead of where it is now , and if it is a . obb folder , move it to /android/obb . it'll pick up your settings .
problem solved with hangouts version 2.1.223 . in " settings " we now have an option do " unhide " contacts . thanks google .
3d maps includes 3d models of some cities . london is not included , yet , but new york is , as are cardiff and birmingham on the uk . you do not need to do anything to view them other than select the map layer , zoom right in , and then swipe down with 2 fingers to angle the view . ( the 3d models appear if you are looking straight down , but it misses the point , somewhat . . . )
each vendor is able to customize android to suite their whimsy . i am using a $250usd toshiba thrive ( os 4.0.3 ) , a curtis klu mid704 ( os 4.1.1 , and one of the rockchip clones ) a polaroid branded pmid704 and a zte phone . of all these , the polaroid and curtis have ethernet support in the settings . i am using a radio shack belkin usb-to-ethernet adapter , which is supported off-the-shelf by android . ( only the toshiba thrive has a full size type-a usb jack . the others need adapters , not available at radioshack . ) the polaroid is " broken " in that the ethernet does not work . you click on it in settings and it clicks but does nothing . the crappy $75usd curtis works , it shows me my ip and mac address in settings and i can set static ip parameters including ip address , gateway , netmask , and 2 dns servers . however , the android frameworks ( in the java ( tm ) -like language ) are broken . the connection managers only support wifi and mobile data . you can inquire about the eth0 device but can not open a connection or do anything with it . so basically , your mileage may vary from mfr to mfr , and tabbly to tabbly . good luck ! -dave
short answer : you can not . explanation the tutorials are correct about that : it is impossible without root -- as the playstore app needs to be made a system app ( i.e. . must be installed in /system initially ) , or it will not work . the reason behind it is the permission system : certain permissions are only granted to system apps , and the playstore app needs at least one of them .
lookout should do all , or at least most , of this for you . ( warning : market-speak follows ) your mobile device is your most personal computer . it contains your personal data including contacts , photos , video , e-mail , and text messages . backup your data and keep it safe and secure . whether you accidently delete data , your phone is lost , or even destroyed--your data is safe . you can restore any data with the click of a mouse . changing devices is just as easy and your data can be transferred in seconds .
there appears to be a software update coming out to fix this in the " near future " . the actual release date for this update was not specified . . . here is the faq on the motorola website . . .
you are ( not ) in trouble . or at least you cannot tell anymore by simply taking a look at the notification bar . with android 4.4 ( kitkat ) came a few design changes ; one of them was to turn those notification icons permanently gray , officially to be " less distracting " . so how can you tell if there are issues with your connection to the google servers ? according to an androidpit blog , you now have to check with the quick-settings , where problems are indicated by icons turned red/orange .
most android devices are not set up for peripherals ; it would take quite a bit of hacking away to get them to recognize them . that being said , since android is linux based it is entirely possible that linux drivers might work for your device out of the box . i would rate the chances of such as being very low , however . writing your own drivers is certainly possible , but again you had also need the internal framework in place for the kernel , etc to accommodate peripherals . and reverse engineering drivers is not easy ! as for your windows ce device , it is very rare for an other os to be ported for a device ( an exception to the rule : the hp touchpad ) . there is all kinds of major issues with reverse engineering from hardware specs , etc that generally keep that from happening . xda developers would be your best bet for something like that if it exists at all .
you could setup a ftp server on your computer and use andftp to connect to it .
the picture viewer of my htc desire work fine for tiff . . . do you try astro ? beamreader is able to do it , but it is expensive . . . however , they offer a 10-day free trial .
any ideas whether this feature will be part of the core of android 4.2 , or if it is just for nexus 10 ? multi-user support in android 4.2 will be for all tablets . so yes , all tabs with android 4.2 jelly bean will have multi-user support . google is officially supporting this only for tablets as of now . however , i am very sure that custom rom makers will port it for phones . in fact , there are already a bunch of custom roms which do this . i wish i got this on my nexus 7 . nexus 7 is a tablet , so when you upgrade to 4.2 , you should get multi-user support .
i can think of 2 ways you could do this . bluetooth audio adapter , like the antec bxr100 . these are generally used for headphones , but should be able to simply connect into your amp . -pros : simple , cheap -cons : bluetooth , limited range , a2dp appears to have issues on android 4.2 , possibly non-optimal audio quality dlna renderer ( mini computer ( raspberry pi ( raspbmc maybe . there is a topic on the use of raspbmc as a dlan renderer here on their forums . ) or similar perhaps ) , specialized unit ( like the ( discontinued , though still findable if you do not mind buying used ) netgear mp100 series ) , or maybe a cheap android device ) attached to your amp , getting your audio pushed from one of the several dlna server apps available for android . this is essentially the same as apple 's airplay system , only a different , more open standard which will work with more manufacturers ' devices . -pros : almost as simple , will work anywhere you can get a wifi signal , possibly better audio quality than the bluetooth , could potentially be used to move video if you wanted to in the future if your chosen receiver has that capability . -cons : more complex , possibly expensive , new audio-only dlna renderers seem to be rare nowadays .
32gb is the limit imposed by the secure digital high capacity ( sdhc ) specification , not fat32 . fat32 supports 2tb drives , with a standard 512 byte sector ( or 16tb with 4.096 byte sectors ) which is ( coincidentally ? ) the same as the latest secure digital extended capacity ( sdxc ) specification , so fat32 should be viable for some time to come . the biggest restriction with a fat32 formatted drive is the per file size restriction . since fat32 uses 32bit file pointers , which means that no single file can be larger than 4gb ( actually 2 32 -1 ) . most of the time this is not a problem , but if you want to transport movies or virtual machines which are not split into multiple smaller files , then this might cause you problems . as an aside , in an answer like this , i can not help but illustrate it with a favorite picture of mine which compares 8 bytes of magnetic core memory from 1953 with 8gb ( 8 thousand million bytes ) of flash from 2008: in the same space as those 8 bytes from 1953 you could now fit 8x or 12x 32gb usd cards ( when you take into account thickness too ) so who knows where we will be in another 55 years ? probably wondering how we got by with only a couple of terabytes in our phone . *8' )
as far as i know , currently there are no android devices with dual-sd card slots . keep in mind though that mobile devices is a huge and ever changing market . there is nothing preventing some manufacturer from releasing such a device , if they determine that there is enough demand . not sure i understand the need for a second sd card slot , though : sd cards are cheap enough to not have to worry about them wearing out . newer phones support the sdxc format that boasts capacities of up to 2tb . ( 64gb and 128gb cards are already widely available . ) even with multiple sd slots , you are still technically limited in capacity , albeit you probably will not hit that limit for a while longer . it really depends on what content you are planning on storing there . obviously you would not be able to store a large collection of blu-ray rips that take 8gb+ per file on any size card . bundling a second sd card slot would sacrifice on internal space of a handset . the trade-off would have to come from other areas , such as smaller battery or other feature . i do agree that google 's push for " cloud services " ( nexus devices do not have sd card slots at all ) is misguided , seeing how most carriers are resolved to cap and overcharge of mobile data as it is . however , seeing how other manufacturers are releasing new devices with newer sd technology , and that technology is ( arguably ) getting more and more affordable , i do not see how sacrificing on internal space would be of any benefit to even the biggest space hogs .
did you try to permaroot anyways ? i would try a factory reset and then try again .
i am now using osmand . it stores openstreetmap maps on the phone 's storage . osmand uses a vectorial format , which means it can store a lot of information without taking too much space , and is visible in all zoom factors . you can download the maps you want , for instance italy , bolivia , or any other country/region . free , open source .
they go to your download folder by default , typically at /sdcard/Download . note that this may not necessarily be a physical sd card ( e . g . on devices that do not have an sd slot it is emulated ) . from a practical standpoint , if you need to access them on your device , just open the gallery or photos app . the picture will appear in either of those as long as you have not added a .nomedia file to the download folder or something . also , opening the picture in either photos or the aosp gallery app ( possibly others as well ) will allow you to discern its physical location by opening the menu and selecting " details " .
doing some searches to try and help some losts souls with this little phone , there is a download available on several other forums that will update this phone via odin tar files to a ' stock ' 4.1.2 firmware , it is a tool release directly from samsung and it is available on their website . xda developer thread for cwm on the sch-r740c samsung download page for upgrade utility
in the smart saving options i could de-select the auto kill apps on screen off option ( i.e. . when screen turns off the apps will be killed by default ) . after de-selecting the option now the apps are being updated smoothly as usual
adobe decided to stop support for its flash player on android mainly because of html5 does not need flash player to play videos . unfortunately , that did not mean all web sites you visit would start using html5 instead of flash ( though it would have been nice ) . if some of the web sites you want to look at are using flash , the last version of adobe flash player that landed on the google play store will work with your jelly bean device . however , since it is no longer available through the play store , you will need to install it from a side-loaded apk . they have only stopped support , does not mean that it will not work but if it does not on certain devices then they will not fix it or support it . you can still install it from here .
watch out for this , yes there are different sized cables they look the same but are not . you will probably be able to squeeze it in and it will work but may break the connector after a while ( this happened to my galaxy note 2 ) . it may have something to do with different pins within the cable itself . i found it very hard to tell the difference but try to just use the one that came with the device . if not just use a different cable but from a newer product as there are definitely different pins within the cable . best thing to do is if a cable does not fit in easily do not put it in .
when composing the " from " is a dropdown menu . it has all the accounts you have added via the webmail interface , and it is had this feature for a long time ( you should not need to upgrade ) .
no , this is not an option . actually this seems like a bug as this should be controlled by the option , Vibrate on Touch under Sound in the settings . either that , or the option Vibrate on Touch should remain visible when setting the screen security option to Slide in the Security part of the settings . you may want to report this as a bug to the android team using the android issue tracker .
assuming usb debugging is on connect it to the computer via usb and wipe it with adb . if that does not work you could throw it in the microwave .
turns out i had to change this via the " mail settings " menu in gmail , under the general menu is a my picture menu , where you can select the image used for google + , google voice and apparently the icon used for contacts synched with gmail .
new version of handcent with its group sms plugin does the job perfectly .
go to settings -> sound and make sure silent mode is set to vibrate , then in RINGTONE &amp; NOTIFICATIONS section , check the option vibrate on ring , then call yourself and it should vibrate .
pure aosp version of android does not save clipboard data to files ; the data is stored only in ram by the clipboardservice , which runs inside the system_server process . samsung , like many other manufacturers , adds their proprietary modifications to the base aosp code ; one of these modifications is the ability to keep the clipboard history , and this history is stored in files in the /data/Clipboard directory . of course , you will not find this proprietary samsung code on other devices , or even in third-party roms for samsung devices . as for accessing the clipboard service using adb shell service call clipboard ... , you cannot do it on recent android versions , because the iclipboard interface now has security checks ( it requires specifying the package name , and the calling uid must own the package name ) . this interface is also an implementation detail and changes between different android versions .
no , delivery reports generally just tell you that the message has been delivered and is sitting on their phone . it does not necessarily tell you that they have been read . there is not a way to tell if its been read as far as i know .
the problem is resolved with the new update available from lg
though it went unmentioned during today 's google i/o keynote , the google play website now offers the option of updating and/or uninstalling apps from android hardware directly in the browser . by heading to the " my android apps " tab of the play portal , you will see a list of all applications that reside on your smartphone or tablet ; users with multiple devices can view a breakdown of what apps are installed where . though sorting is alphabetical , apps with pending available updates will be listed first . clicking a gray update button will immediately start the download on the target android product , though sadly there is no " update all " option just yet . uninstalls are equally as simple : selecting the trash can icon underneath each app first brings up a warning dialog that acts as a nice safeguard against unintentional deletions . clicking through this leads to the immediate removal of the app in question from your device . source : http://www.theverge.com/2012/6/27/3121959/google-play-website-update-uninstall-android-apps
what is going on is that your phone is not using your password . when you log in an oath token is issued . this is more secure , because your password is not stored on the device . it also has the additional benefit that it can automatically log you in in your browser . to deny access to your phone , remove the authentication token here . moreover starting with ics you do not need to use applications specific passwords for your phone . enter your regular google account info ; it will notice that you have 2-factor authentication enabled and open an internal browser where you can log in using your otp .
your restriction ( no 3rd party apps ) will keep a better fitting answer away , i would say . what you describe is a task not for tasker , but for . . . oh , i shall not mention it you wrote . . . your problem is most likely that tasker very well catches the boot_completed event , but the apps to kill have been waiting for the same . so when tasker looks to kill them , they are not yet started . your task thus finishes without anything done , and whoop ! then the unwanted apps start . so if you really want to do this via tasker , i would insert a Tasker -&gt; Wait at the very beginning of the task . play with the values , start with 15s and increase in 15s steps until either it works or your reach a point where it is unlikely to work ( say e.g. 2 min , or you see the apps have started and your task did not kill them ) . if that still does not work , combine it with switching the condition : in case tasker really cannot catch the boot_completed ( well , tasker itself is started then ) , switch to " monitoring start " , and start over with 15s wait again . finally , though you did not want 3rd party apps , just in case you re-think that : autorun manager does this job quite fine , without any hazzle . on rooted devices , it even can disable other intents than just boot_completed listeners .
go to Settings , and under the " wireless and networks " section tap More... . there should be an option called Default SMS app . tap it , and select the " now sms " app . you should be all set now . [ edit ] : apparently , google deliberately disabled the sms functionality on cell-enabled nexus 7 tabs ( both 2012 3g and 2013 lte tablets are impacted ) with the 4.4 update . the recommended solution is to flash a custom rom that re-enables the setting . keep in mind that this will require unlocking the bootloader , which may void the warranty .
update : try cleanup and reinstall of drivers as mentioned here . seems to have worked for others . this seems to be a known issue , and many have had success by using a different cable , connecting to a usb 3 port etc , but clearly , those will not work in your case . not sure what your usual usage is , but for file transfers , you can use airdroid , which connects through wifi .
the android os itself is not dependant on any files on the removable sd card . if you have no apps that use this file , you can safely delete the file , or even format the sd card if you want .
yes i have an o2 xperia play and the only way for you to get cm9 is to unlock the boot loader using omnius or any test point method as i did . do not use sony 's way as you will lose drm protected content and that is not what you want , so use omnius then try and get into fastboot mode and it will work .
no . i have another sgs model and it works with no battery for a second , as long as the battery 's in when you start it up , but quickly shuts off .
to stop contacts syncing , go to : settings &rarr ; accounts ( and sync ) &rarr ; skype &rarr ; uncheck the sync contacts checkbox on my sony xperia e :
rom manager should not be a required systems app to run cyanogenmod . take a look at the steps over here to remove a system app from your phone : http://oldwiki.cyanogenmod.org/wiki/barebones something like : adb remount adb shell rm -f /system/app/RomManager.apk 
a " recovery " is a special space in the internal memory of your phone , set aside by the manufacturer to perform diagnostics and os upgrades . in windows terms , it is a rough equivalent of boot menu ( usually accessed by pressing f8 during boot-up . ) it is invisible to the phone under normal operation , and is accessed in a special way ( usually by turning the phone on while holding one or more buttons ) . the problem is that the recoveries that comes with stock devices do not allow for installation of custom roms , only firmware images " signed " by the manufacturer . in order to install custom roms ( e . g . cyanogenmod for example ) you will need to replace the stock recovery image with a custom one , made by community developers . on android there are several custom recoveries , clockworkmod ( cwm ) and amon-ra being the most known ones . these custom recoveries allow you to do a lot more things with your phone . the biggest advantage is being able to flash unsigned custom roms . other benefits include various tools and utilities for further managing the phones . one such utility is called " nandroid " . it is a backup and restore tool that allows you to take a full image of all the phone 's internal nand memory ( hence the name ) and store it on your sd card . should something go wrong with the phone 's software , you can use the previously saved backup to restore the phone to a working state . the maker of clockworkmod recovery also created an android app called " rom manager " . this app allows you to easily upgrade the cwm recovery to a new version when one becomes available for your device . it also allows you to manage nandroid backups stored on the sd card , as well as perform a slew of other useful advanced tasks . these include fixing app/data permissions , re-partitioning of the sd card right on the phone , downloading different custom roms and flashing them directly from the app . a paid " premium " version of the app has more advanced features , such as ota update notifications for custom roms that support it , etc .
go to settings -> backup and reset . then check ' backup my data ' and ' automatic restore ' . an alternative is to use an app like ultimate backup or titanium .
solution : apparently there is a bug with this in android 3.2 . rotating your xoom will fix it .
try deleting the /mnt/sdcard/DCIM/.thumbnails folder and rebooting your phone . you may need to clear data for media storage and possibly the gallery app/anything related as well .
as of 2.3.4 this issue is fixed . for other users on previous versions , i temporarily solved this problem by disabling wifi all together .
one simple method would be to use a custom ringtone for sms where the audio itself is louder . you coould use a loud audio clip or edit one to be louder .
widgets do not work when the app has been moved to the sd card . when i originally tried moving the app back to the phone to test this , i could not get the widget to show up in the list either . however , i restarted the phone and then the widget was available to be used . so , if you want the widget back , move the google+ app back to the phone and then restart your phone . if you want to keep the widget , you can not move the app to the sd card .
raw contacts are joined according to rules described at using the contacts api : two raw contacts are considered to be a match if at least one of these conditions is met : they have matching names . their names consist of the same words but in different order ( for example , " bob parr " and " parr , bob" ) one of them has a common short name for the other ( for example , " bob parr " and " robert parr" ) one of them has just a first or last name and it matches the other raw contact . this rule is less reliable , so it only applies if the two raw contacts are also sharing some other data like a phone number , an email address or a nickname ( for example , helen [ "elastigirl" ] = helen parr [ "elastigirl" ] ) at least one of the two raw contacts is missing the name altogether and they are sharing a phone number , an email address or a nickname ( for example , bob parr> [incredible@android.com] = incredible@android.com ) . when comparing names , the system ignores upper/lower case differences ( bob=bob=bob ) and diacritical marks ( hlne=helene ) . when comparing two phone numbers the system ignores special characters such as "*" , "#" , " ( " , " ) " , and whitespace . also if the only difference between two numbers is that one has a country code and the other does not , then the system considers those to be a match ( except for numbers in the japan country code ) . automatic aggregation is not permanent ; any change of a constituent raw contact may create a new aggregate or break up an existing one . there is also explicit aggregation , that can be set for raw contacts , if a user explicitly wants two contacts to be joined . read more about it in the article .
realsilent may do the trick for you : there is a bug report for this issue , but it has not been acknowledged by google .
sim is a old guy , but usim ( card 's name is uicc , usim is logical module ) is new designed specially for umts ( 3g ) generation . while sim can also be used to access 3g , usim has extra advantages over sim : 3g video calls ( not supported with sim ) higher security : usim introduces new algorithm to prevent unauthorized access to phone line . plus , it encrypts your calls and internet traffic with stronger encryption keys . it stores contacts securely too . bigger and improved phonebook : usim allows you to store thousands of contacts ( limit on sim is 255 ) . each contact can now contain email id and more than one phone number . usim can run small applications like computer ( sim 's analog is simple sim menu which can not compute something by own other than communicating with carrier 's server ) .
were the apps developed using above air for android ? there seems to be a distinction between the two sdks . look at this tutorial for all the info on getting started . even if some of the info is redundant , it does have a section on deployment to the phone .
in theory - yes . in practice , it varies from device to device - a very common way of an end-user obtaining root is to flash an insecure kernel . this can be a standalone kernel or a pre-rooted kernel + rom combination . for certain devices , there are also available a number of 3rd party " one-click rooting " apps . that being said , rooting might cause your device to be unusable ( if not done correctly or something unexpected occurs ) , so read the instructions carefully before proceeding and always backup your data to an external source like dropbox or to your pc before you begin . here 's a link ( unverified ) on how to root your verizon stellar .
as of today , 3/23/14 , to commemorate the 3rd anniversary of the amazon app store , zynga has released a version for the kindle fire with in-app purchasing . the ui for the updated app mimics the version that had been already available in the google play store .
have you tried the manual from the international site ?
tablets have larger screens , and often more powerful cpus , than phones , which vastly increases power consumption . in order to provide the battery life expected , tablet batteries have much higher capacity than typical phones , and would charge at an unacceptably slow rate with a 5v , 550ma charge provided by a usb 2.0 computer port ( some wall chargers are 850ma or 1-2a ) . at 550ma and 5v , you are getting 2.75 watts ( volts x amps ) , at 2a , you are as high as 10 watts . charging at a higher voltage allows a faster charge while keeping the current down , which minimizes the need for heavier conductors in the cable , etc . the asus charger used with the transfomer series , for example , uses 1.5a at 15v , which provides 22.5 watts . i believe the ipad charger has similar characteristics . each of these uses a proprietary connector which provides a signal to the charger that it can safely output the higher voltage , which reduces the risk of damaging other equipment by connecting it to the higher voltage charger . the asus will charge , albeit very slowly , from a computer usb port using the proprietary cable ; the same may be true of other tablets . edit : an additional factor is the maximum current rating of the pins in the usb connector . this article states that the maximum rated current on pins 1 and 5 of a micro usb connector is 1.8 amps for a total of 9 watts . currents beyond that amount run the risk of overheating the pins .
have you installed any custom calling app ? i am sure that this is not the case on my default stock calling app .
enable your gps and use navigator to some location you are not going to that is far away . then watch a movie on your phone with brightness on max . this will get the job done .
i removed /data/etc/wifi , /data/misc/dhcp and /data/misc/wifi and it worked .
i will put this altogether here . google and some oems do not seem to be supporting fm anymore , as evident in the nexus 4 and 5 not having any fm hardware built in . the samsung galaxy s4 also are carrying on this trend . the theory being that there are internet raido services that can stream thousands of channels . which does not suit everyone . the theory is that it saves space for the hardware and cost in manufacture . android forums discussion on the lack of fm on nexus 5 this xda thread suggests it is not possible however there are fm apps out there . this is a very lowly reviwed fm app on the play store that claims to use the tuner . update : does not work on htc one . this xda thread has an attached apk for an fm tuner that may work . i have not tested , the usual warnings about unknown sources applies , of course . another xda fm radio for rooted devices there is one more here the one that is most recommended that i have found is spirit fm which specifically states that no internet connection is required . try them out , see what works , and most of all be wary of permissions and apps you are not confident about .
stock browser ( the one with blue icon ) from android jellybean supports offline reading with saving web pages . . menu-> save for offline reading opera mini for android also supports saving web pages menu-> saved pages-> save
i ended up flashing the stock rom ( using sammobile.com ) back again and using the stock recovery to do a factory reset as the team win recovery format did not do anything . that did the trick , but of course all data is gone too . oh well .
after a grep through dumpstate logs in /data/log , i noticed that the sqlite3 file was being accessed by com.domobile.applock .
the easiest way is to use a barcode you could e.g. create with an app like my qr code generator . if you do not want to install an app for the purpose , there are also web services available like e.g. goqr . me -- simply search google for qr code generator vcard . the result is a qr-code -- a simply image you can put on your web page . on android ( and other ) devices , a qr code reader ( best known and widely used on android is barcode reader ) utilizes the camera to take a picture from it , analyzes the coded content , and then offers an appropriate action . in case of a vcard , this would e.g. be to add it to your contact list -- exactly what you intended . of course you could simply export your contact data in vcard format for download ( on opening that , the user would get the same choice to add the content to the contacts ) . you also could combine both , linking the qr-code image to the downloadable vcard ( make sure the file extension of the vcard file is set to .vcf , so the web server gets a chance to set the correct mime type -- otherwise it may be treated as " plain text " and opened inside the browser instead of being downloaded ) . this way a visitor could either use a barcode reader , or click on the code to download the vcard . thus it even could be imported to apps on the pc : ms outlook , gnome evolution , and others understand the vcard-format as well . troubleshooting : if you linked the vcard .vcf file for download , and it still only gets displayed in the browser window , here 's how this can be fixed with apache web server ( solution by mrglass -- thanks ! ) : edit your apache config ( or , if you cannot access this , edit/create the .htaccess file in the directory your .vcf is stored ) to contain the following segment : &lt;FilesMatch "\.vcf$"&gt; ForceType text/vcard Header set Content-Disposition attachment &lt;/FilesMatch&gt; 
yup , it is perfectly fine . i do it regularly while playing games .
the first thing worth noting that your original attempt at pointing your browser to the . apk directly should work ( see the comments starting with stephen schrauger 's ) . it is not really clear why this would not be the case for you , but you may want to double-check your downloads app ( in the app drawer ) and your pathing . it could be that it is " downloading " in the background but it happens so quickly that you do not realize it . if for some reason that really is not working , then you can try a potential workaround . this is pretty ugly , but it does work . i have tested this on my nexus 10 , for reference . create a folder on your laptop that contains your apk files ( we will call it apkfolder for the purposes of this example ) , then within that folder create an html file ( we will call it apkinstall.html ) using a text editor . since you have an astro apk , use this as the content of the html file : &lt;a href="Astro.apk"&gt;Install Astro&lt;/a&gt;  where Astro.apk should be the actual name of your astro apk file . now copy apkfolder onto the root of your nexus 7 's storage using android file transfer . make sure that all the apks copy over as well as the html file . if you are using textedit on a mac : textedit will attempt to treat things as rtf files by default , so even if you save it with a . html extension it may not work . one workaround i have found is to go to Format &gt; Make Plain Text before you save the file . you will know you are in the correct format when the rulers and such disappear from the textedit window . then you can save the file and make sure you use change the .txt to .html . next launch your browser , and point it to file:///sdcard/apkfolder/apkinstall.html . you should get a mostly blank page , with a link that says " install astro " . click that link to install the astro apk from your storage , then use astro to install all your other apps . if you are using chrome , then you will probably need to pull down the notification bar and tap the " download complete " notification to actually kick off the install . in the more general case , if you did not have a file manager apk , you could instead add a bunch of link entries to the html file - one for each app - and install all of them that way . in your case , this should not be necessary .
solution as per link provided by op : vijesh finally was able to solve his issue using the all-in-one toolkit , following the instructions from this xda thread . this toolkit requires windows . not explicitly mentioned in the xda thread , but most likely this means you have also to install the appropriate device drivers for your smartphone . but it looks like the toolkit offers to do that for you as well , see the item i - install apx drivers in below screenshot : the all-in-one toolkit ( source : xda ; click image for larger variant ) the tool seems to be pretty self-explaining . for the installation , you simply run the self-extractor , which prompts you for a target directory . then you start the tool , and select the wanted item ( here probably 6 - lg update tool ) . again , everything runs almost automatically -- simply follow the instructions given . the .kdz file should be flashed then to the device , and you will end up with the fresh rom installed .
first , if there is a signature mismatch and i am sure the original app comes from a trusted source , i would doubt the source the " update " comes from : the .apk very likely is manipulated , and might include malware -- so be warned ! i do not know the " one mobile market " you have downloaded it from , so i cannot tell for sure . if you still want to install the new .apk: yes , removing ( uninstalling ) the previously installed app and the installing the downloaded version should work . if the first one was installed as a system app , you will need the appropriate system tools to uninstall it ( e . g . titanium backup -- which you then could also use to create a backup before removing the app , just in case ) . alternatively , if you know the right command line tools , you can do it also via adb shell . as the app in question does not require to be made a system app , installation can be done normally without any root stuff : just tap the .apk in your file explorer , and let the normal installer do its job . after that , watch out for any strange behavior -- just in case the .apk introduced malware .
as of android 2.0 , the system requires that apps that run constantly in the background , and that require a certain level of priority so that they do not get killed offhand ( like music apps ) , put an ongoing notification . this was to prevent abuse of requesting this level of priority without letting the user know that it is occurring . you can read about this here : http://developer.android.com/reference/android/app/service.html#startforeground(int, android . app . notification )
yes , just go to : Contacts -&gt; Menu -&gt; Import/Export -&gt; From SIM to Phone or you can view this more detailed article to help you : http://androidadvices.com/import-sim-contacts-android-phone/
be patient , it can take a while for your device to show on there
if you can , boot into fastboot by holding down both volume keys and pressing the power key , then start recovery and do a factory reset .
check for a security notification under the notifications . i missed it at first on my tablet .
download the gsam battery monitor ( formally knows as bad ass battery monitor ) it will keep track of the number of times and for how long each app keep the device awake . open gsam and go to the app sucker view ( icon on the lower left ) . then change the view to time held awake . to see the number of time an app held the device awake press on the app . ( click to enlarge )
yes there is a way . it is called foldersync . it allows you to set up folder pairs to sync and the full version even allows you to sync on changes . it also supports several other cloud services .
no need to load a custom rom . you have two paths possible -- you can simply use special software on your pc to sideload apps or you can do some edits to the configuration databases on the phone to bypass the block permanently . this page covers both methods -- http://samsungcaptivate.wikia.com/wiki/how_to_sideload
i found this from the google mobile help forum after a little searching . it is from 8/15/09 so i actually see something a little different on my phone settings > location > google location services . i have not tested it but hope it helps . quoting the site : hi everyone , apologies for not updating this thread specifically sooner . there is a new version available in android market ( version 3.1.2 ) . just search for " google maps " if you have at least the 1.5 system update ( cupcake ) and install this over your current version of maps . please let me know if you experience background location updating issues with this version . as long as you have enabled automatic location detection in the latitude privacy menu and have enabled location detection ( settings > security and location > use wireless networks ) , latitude should update your location while your phone is on . this means your location should never appear older than ~1 hour to any of your friends . thank you all for your patience ! chris
i believe that feature was added with android 2.2 as my moto droid recently got the ability to do that . unfortunately , i believe you are out of luck until at and t pushes an update to your phone , unless you are willing to install a non-standard rom .
your bar code is being recognized as physical keyboard . hence the soft virtual keyboard on your android is been disabled . . option 1: try manually checking the keyboard setting after you connect the bar code reader . go to settings -> language and input -> and check if the keyboard options are disabled and if so , try enabling them . option 2: go to settings -> language and input -> keyboard ( and input methods ) -> and check for " use physical keyboard " and put it to " off " . if the above does not work , can you send the phone model and bar code model .
both facebook and twitter contact sync stopped doing anything useful sometime recently ( ics ? ) . they no longer provide a meaningful between your phone contacts and the actions provided by those clients . i think this has to do with changes to the android api that for whatever reason these companies have not adapted to . there is a stop-gap solution for facebook using a third party app such as contact sync for facebook or friends sync * but i do not know any solution for twitter other than the hack-it method of having a url listed and using the web client . * this publisher also has other sync apps for foursquare , flickr , and others .
lbe works on jellybean -- just not the version you install from the playstore . the boot-loop problem is a known issue ( so nobody can understand why the developer did not even place a note on the app 's playstore page ) . on xda you can find multiple threads discussing this issue , and at least one of them also holds modified versions of lbe to download . take e.g. a look at : [ app ] lbe security manager v4.3.2738 ( this is a new version only released in chinese -- but some xda members provide a translated version here ) [ app ] [ root ] lbe privacy guard - most powerful privacy protection app for android [ app ] lbe privacy guard v2 is now available alternatives to lbe would include : pdroid privacy protection pdroid manager ( open-source alternative to it )
a lot of people seem to be having problems with google play movies . if you have a look on the play store page there are a lot of people complaining that the app is buggy . lots of people have fixed issues by uninstalling and reinstalling , it may not help but it is worth a try .
you need to install the speech synthesis data for the tts engine . you can find it on the play store here .
you can configure your rules on your server account to do that , so you dont need the filtering rules on every client . is very practical . but do not remember now if k9 mail client offer filtering/rule system also there is seven mail client that if im not wrong you can create and modify server-side email rules . with seven you will get push mail notification for mail , exchange , imap , yahoo , etc . . . note1: your can create the rules through owa ( outlook web access ) . rules created through owa are server side rules . your exchange server should have a owa access point . usually something like : https://owa.yourserverdomain.com
go to samsung kies software , on top left of the window , click the menu > driver recovery . let it reinstall drivers after driver installation finished , go to your phone , settings> application > development , tick usb debugging mode . under usb debugging mode connect your phone to the pc with usb . it installs correctly ! disconnect from pc untick usb debugging mode connect again and it works ! courtesy forum . ausdroid .net- usb not working ( mtp restarting )
i guess the easiest way is using an app like pocket ( formerly known as " read it later" ) . pocket accepts input from all kind of apps via the " share " menu ; i e.g. use it with my rss reader , twitter apps , browser , and more . so far for the " android end": even before the buffer starts filling , press " share " , select " pocket " , done . now for your pc , pocket offers addon for several browsers . for me , that is firefox , and it is addon works like a charm : i have got a small icon next to my url bar , which opens a ( paged ) list of saved entries which even offers a search/filter function  so it is easy to pick the wanted entry ( here : youtube url ) and watch the movie . the " share process " on your android device works in the background ( gives you status information via " toast messages" ) , so it does not disturb you in whatever you are doing . as a side effect ( you might already have taken that from my above description ) you can do the same with a lot of other stuff you want to " consume later "  as long as it provides an url : tweets , web pages , rss feeds , probably also podcasts and more . and if you decide to check some of the stuff while on the road , pocket offers a reader for that as well ( included with the app ) .
while the logcat option recommended by ryan of course is a valid possibility , it is not the most user-friendly solution . i have got a better idea : ) apps started automatically after boot registered for a certain event , called BOOT_COMPLETED . to do so , they need to request this permission ( you find it under " more " on the playstore pages ) called " start after boot " ( or , with its technical name , BOOT_COMPLETED -- what a surprise ! ) . so to figure out which apps could potentially be in here , you can use a permission checker . there are many of them in the playstore , but i will mention only two of them to get you started : permissiondog 1 rl permissions 2 both let you browse your apps by permissions , and even try to indicate " potentially dangerous apps " -- nice side-effect in your case ; )
its the stock phone dialer app . included packages com . qualcomm . qcrilmsgtunnel sim toolkit phone/messaging storage phone if you have enabled ' fast dormancy ' on a device it may cause a spike in activity / battery use for this process , it appears to be a confilict with this option .
android will always use wifi once it is connected . you just have to disable mobile data . to do so go to Settings &rarr ; Mobile network settings and uncheck Data enabled .
i have no experience with this specific app , however here 's my two cents on the second half of your question . the android security model is very well thought out . android runs on the linux kernel ( a modified version ) and sandboxes every app through a variety of measures , including running each under a different user account . the biggest legitimate threat you have is installing malicious apps . most likely these will be trojans that ask for reasonable permissions ( reading your sd card , communicating with the network ) and use them for nefarious purposes . if i remember correctly , the malware prevention portion of avg works by scanning apps before you install them , much like desktop virus scans work . this is a reasonable way of protecting you , malicious apps can be added to a database and you are warned if anything you download ( from either the internet or the market ) is known to be bad . the only catch is that google usually removes illegal and malicious app from the play store within a few days of it becoming available . ( i have nothing but anecdotal evidence to back that claim up though ) so if you are installing a lot of apps from sources other than the play store , or you do not trust google to quickly catch malicious apps , installing an anti-virus is probably a good bet .
htc desire stock froyo rom . i do not see this behaviour . default message app shows the last messages by default . if i use the contact app ( tab with message conversations ) i see the more recent messages at the top . i can confirm that like kevin m on rare occasions the messaging app will show the earliest messages instead and i have to scroll to the bottom . that is a bug for sure , i have seen it only a couple of times though . . .
the only way to reduce this number is to remove contacts . now this could be setting apps like twitter and facebook to not sync contacts . but if you have pictures for everyone , it is going to increase the amount of storage as well .
the info i am finding suggests that you need a 4-ring trrs connector to use a mic , and that the bundled sound recorder app will ignore this regardless and just use the internal mic , so you will need a different recording app .
to find out the actual size of the ring buffer , you can use $ adb logcat -g  to adjust the size of the ring buffer , you might try $ adb logcat -r &lt;kbytes&gt;  at least that is what some tutorials say . for more details , you might want to read " adb logcat " command options and log buffers . p.s. : i guess those settings ( manual adjusted ring buffer size ) will not survive a reboot -- just to consider .
if you have not tried this yet , i think you should try syncing your device . to sync the device , you tap on the settings button on the top right and select sync .
from the sony ericsson website , the live view specs page has no mention of a compass , gyroscope , accelerometer or similar . it does not mention anything about speakers either but does mention controlling phone calls and music playback on your phone , which would suggest its not designed to make noise itself but to control the music/sound on a phone ( or other compatible device ) that it is connected to . the compatible phones page ( other brands ) lists a number of htc phones , but not the sensation . it does however say : compatible with most other brands on android 2.0 and up that are equipped with bluetooth 2.1 . according to htc 's specs page for the sensation it has bluetooth v3.0 compatibility , so it is likely that it will work with the live view .
you can use the itravelfree app to save wikitravel pages and view them offline .
.Trash-1000 is a metafolder like windows 's recycle bin , normally created by ubuntu ( and perhaps other linux variants ) . have you deleted anything on your sd card from your pc ? that would explain it . you can safely delete it . see also : http://superuser.com/questions/169980/what-is-trash-and-trash-1000
try screebl - it makes use of the internal sensor to determine whether the phone 's vertical and turns the screen on/off during a call according to the options specified .
in android development there are different logging levels . for example , there is Log.v for verbose , Log.e for level error , Log.w for level warn . all these are visible in logcat during development . then there is Log.wtf which is like Log.e except it has level assert which may actually terminate the program depending on the system . ideally , this should never happen in your app . sidenote : wtf stands for " what a terrible failure " . android docs on this : http://developer.android.com/reference/android/util/log.html
unfortunately , offline voice recognition is only available for devices running android 4.1 ( jelly bean ) and above - anything below that will not receive support . there is , however , another hidden requirement - your device must have a sufficient amount of ram in order to be able to download the offline voice recognition files from google . my incredible s is running 4.2.2 and with 572 mbs of ram i do not see the option . should you receive an upgrade to 4.1+ ( by root or other means ) , you may go to Language and Input in settings and select Download offline speech recognition under Voice Search .
the simplest method is to use the email conversation option from within a conversation . tap the overflow menu ( 3 dots ) , the more > email conversation . that brings up a popup allowing you to either attach media files or send the chat without the media files . there is also whatsapp toolbox which has similar functionality but requires root access .
the x10 is distributed in two varieties for different regions of the world , and they are internally referred to as the x10a and the x10i by sony ericsson . strictly speaking , x10 is just a general term for the hardware of either of the x10 phones , so there is no " difference " since an x10a is an x10 . as for the difference between the x10a and the x10i , you can find a good explanation on the wikipedia page . essentially , the x10a is sold in south america and the x10i is sold in asia and europe . both phones are sold in the us and australia , but on different carriers . for instance , in the us , at and t carries the x10a and t-mobile carries the x10i . because they are targeted at different regions/carriers , they support slightly different frequency bands . the rest of the hardware is the same .
languages support i guess , plus the build number targets the specific si numbers found underneath the battery hence the differences between them , however minor they may be , to target the region itself .
to answer you questions : could this be caused by the screen protector ? possibly . take the screen protector off and see if the problem persists . my screen protector does not affect the functioning of my screen at all . this is going to depend on the particular screen protector ( i am sure there are cheap , bad ones ) and the particular phone ( they all have different screens and some have calibrations , some dont , some have screen sensitivity adjustment options , some do not ) . is there any noticeable benefit of using screen protector ? or are they just a waste of time and money ? yes there is a benefit , they protect the screen , and no they are not a waste of money . i have scratched/scuffed the hell out of my screen protector and all i had to do was remove it , and put a new one on and my phone was as good as new . had i not had a screen protector my phone would be unusable now , so for just a few dollars and no performance cost my phones screen is as pristine as the day i got the phone . that being said , my job and my lifestyle tend to put the phone through a lot of abuse ; o ) my recommendation : take the screen protector off and go from there . if that does not work and it is under warranty , bring it back . there are so many factors that can affect the touchscreen because it is the basis for all inputs and outputs of the device and troubleshooting can take a while . i would be surprised if it was the humidity or heat difference between indoor and out , but there are a number of different things that can change from indoor to out and if theres a bug , they may be affecting how your phone operates : gps , wifi , reception , auto-brightness sensor . this correlation could also be a coincidence . it could be a particular app that is not playing nice with android and your phones firmware . you will need to to systematically isolate the conditions that affect the problems with your screen and the ones that do not , but ultimately it could just turn out to be a bad unit .
google maps navigation is currently available in the united states , canada , uk , ireland , austria , belgium , denmark , france , germany , italy , the netherlands , portugal , spain , and switzerland .
yes , they have separate lists - you can uninstall from the tablet or phone without affecting the other device .
i share my experience and knowledge as an android developer : most widgets do not consume ( or use just a bit ) processor power when they are not visible , but some would consume even if your screen is off and phone is locked . it is based on what task the widget is considered to do , and how developer has written and optimized the code . as a general rule : more widgets would slow down your launcher ( desktop ) because your phone has to render ui of the widget every time it is shown to you . as i see , your phone is a low-end one and surely , it shows some lag when you add more widgets , but keep in mind that smartphones are made to do tasks , not to just scroll fast and be lag-free . so , if you really use those widgets , keep using them ! and one more thing , if your phone is running on android ics 4.0 or newer , you would not need any task manager or task killer . android itself best manages tasks and you should not worry about background tasks , as long as you have not installed any malicious app . killing background apps never improves speed on your phone or battery life .
browsing around forums and sites i found out the following answers to my doubts . i am not completely satisfied but it helped understand more . every device 's power management depends on some suspend/resume policies that are implemented in the firmware controlling that particular device . this is very device dependent : how and when each device turns off ( suspends itself ) and wakes up ( resumes ) depends on the hw specifications , you have to read the datasheets to understand which particular registries must be manipulated to suspend/resume it . you can control this stuff via software in the drivers of the devices , inside of the kernel 's source code , by accessing some funcions in the form &lt;something&gt;_suspend and &lt;something&gt;_resume . e.g. from the source code of the kernel of the emulator " goldfish": in file drivers/video/goldfishfb.c ( the driver responsible for the frame buffer ) so the early_suspend writes a 1 in the register FB_SET_BLANK to turn off the screen , or a 0 to turn it back on . so it seems to me that a process in the application execution environment needs to access and corrupt the devices drivers to manipulate maliciously power management of a device .
i guess this article was made for you : import/export/move sms messages from windows mobile to android . it mentions several tools to export your sms from winmo to an xml file , which then can be imported on your android device without involving 3rd party tools . it also links to more useful articles on this topic . edit : as the op commented , he was successfully using the piemaster .netguide mentioned on the page i originally linked . as suggested , i add it here in case the originally linked page is unreachable some day .
have you restarted your device since removing the app ? if you have simply deleted the . apk using root explorer then then it will not have performed the ' cleanup ' that normally happens when uninstalling an application . restarting your device should cause the app drawer to re-detect the installed apps and the icon should disappear . this answer ( relevant part quoted below ) explains a bit about what happens when uninstalling an app ' properly ' , this will not have happened if you have simply removed the apk file . when you uninstall a package , it also removes other data to do with that package : for example , the app 's own private data , its data on the sd card , your default preferences for that app . it also tells any other interested apps that you have removed the app , via an intent broadcast . other apps receiving that broadcast might take further action based on that : for example , a launcher ( home screen app ) would remove desktop shortcuts and widgets from that app , since they will not work any more . also , make sure you have checked /data/app as there may be another apk for google drive there if you have updated the app via the play store . if you remove the apk from here too ( if it exists ) then the icon should disappear . a reboot may still be required .
this should get you started . please , carefully check your versions to make sure the files you use are intended for your phone .
for doing the conversion on device itself , i would suggest searching the google play store for audio conversion apps . several results look like viable candidates : the file converter and convert audio , for example . the features to look for are downsampling , changing bitrate and frequency , conversion to more efficient formats like ogg , aic or flacc . i recommend trying each app yourself on one or two mp3 files to see if you get the results you want . play store 's 15-minute refund policy should give you enough time to figure out if the app is worth the price . with that said , i would highly recommend doing the conversion on your pc instead . first , by copying your mp3s from the phone to the pc you are making a backup . just in case something goes wrong during the conversion process , you will not lose the original file from your handset . second , there are a lot more choices in terms of software on windows/mac/linux for audio file manipulation ( especially the free and open-source variety , ) and may also be able to do this in batch ( i.e. . convert multiple files automatically . )
it is there all along ! open up the email app and press the menu button . go to view> folders you now need to tap the folder icon next to inbox and it will ' expand ' and display all the subfolders under it . this must be the icon and not the text . it wont work if you press the text so you must press the icon . i have to say this is pretty poor ui design , as it is not obvious to end users . i will try and add a screenshot when i next get the s3 .
did you try setting manually the ip+dns , instead of relying on dhcp , as it does by default ? Wireless and Networks -&gt; Wi-Fi settings -&gt; [menu] -&gt; Advanced -&gt; Use static IP
i do not think there is a way android will work on itunes natively . i would suggest look at media players that sync with the itunes program itself i have not tried this but http://www.winamp.com has this feature for a while and is free . its also mac http://www.winamp.com/mac os x 10.6 and above http://blog.winamp.com/2010/11/30/sync-your-itunes-library-to-android-with-winamp/ the media you talked about that is streaming will hopefully be synced into winamp through playlists , however if this does not work that is a whole other question and may be different from stream to stream . http://www.clementine-player.org/ is a good free opensource alternative for windows etc that syncs with android players quitewell and has many streaming features built in . if your itunes is stuck on a powerpc you might not have a choice but to backup your itunes library and restore it to another computer . so on your itunes on your old powerpc backup the library to some removable media to restore on your windows itunes http://support.apple.com/kb/ht1382?viewlocale=en_us there are also other methods here http://support.apple.com/kb/ht4527 it all depends on your setup and needs .
you need to find a wifi dongle with a chipset the device supports . each chipset requires different drivers , so you will have to find one that is supported . there a discussion thread on the site you linked to about exactly this .
the line down the middle points to this being a problem with the screen 's backlight . the backlight illuminates the screen from behind : the screen itself is essentially a coloured filter , which you would not be able to see without a light source . from the excessive brightness i would say it is possible the backlight has been receiving too much voltage from the rest of the system . this could have been caused by a problem in the drivers for the screen . in normal use , they control the voltage to the backlight in order to make the screen brighter or dimmer , but it could be that in this case a bug made them supply too much voltage . the backlight is actually in two halves , which can be independently controlled ( but usually are not ) : the line down the middle appears if they are not quite receiving the same voltage . if the problem went away on its own , there is probably nothing to worry about , but there is a small risk that the extra voltage may have permanently damaged the backlight . normally i would expect a voltage regulator to turn it off completely before getting to dangerous levels , but only the manufacturer would know for sure . as it is still in warranty , you should check with them . ( they may also be interested to investigate this to avoid the problem happening again to anyone else . ) you say there is still a little whiteness around the edge of the screen when it is on but entirely black : this is normal for backlit lcd screens . it happens because the blackest black the screen can display does not quite manage to filter out all the light . the filtering is worst around the edge of the screen because that is where the light comes through at an angle ( and on some displays because the light leaks around the outside of the screen ) . you probably just did not notice it before because you were not looking for it .
the app recently added contacts by pikanji available from google play store is free and does just that : displays the contact list in your phone in reverse chronological order . so that the contact added recently comes at the top of the list . * this is useful when you can not find the contact just added in your address book of your phone . tapping contacts will open the contact detail view , allowing your to edit the contact information . ** * there might be cases that the order is changed , because of external modification to the contact list by , such as , synchronizing with gmail contact list . ** the appearance of the view depends on the phone .
buy a nexus s device directly from google . they will be the fastest at updating to the latest firmware . and they will always ship with stock android . everyone else is way behind . most are behind because they add customizations to android and have to make their changes , then they have to go through the google approval process . not to mention then having to go through the carriers testing process for deployment .
it turned out it was a faulty usb port on the phone . i have since purchased a new phone and everything works as expected on the new one .
i did some searching due to the other answer and found someone on xda claiming that this is a market/play bug , and you are seeing it because the market thinks one of your apps is actually that ojsc mobile app . even better , i found this just-published story on the verge : samsung has several pieces of software that it installs on it devices but that are not in the google play store ( for obvious reasons ) . however , every single android app has an app name that identifies it on the android system , in this case the " unique " name is com . seven . z7 , which identifies samsung 's email app . what appears to have happened is that russian developer ojsc mobile telesystems gave that unique identifier to its "  " app , and so these samsung devices were tricked into thinking it was an update to samsung 's email client . since google play allows for automatic updating of all apps , it was installed on many devices . i could not find the app in the play store anymore , so perhaps google has taken it down to resolve this . below is the original version of this post , which would still be applicable in more normal circumstances . if it is a system app for supporting cyrillic text , which is what it sounds like , it could hardly be called malware . crapware , perhaps , if you do not need it . if you do not need it , then no need to update ( unless you want to be rid of the notification , though in that case i recommend rooting and removing the app ) . no reason not to update either i would say &mdash ; you already have it on your device , so unless it is doing something nasty in the new version in particular then you have already been exposed to any dangers it may contain :p . of course , updating will require more space on your device unless you are rooted and can entirely replace the original version with the update ( normally the system keeps all original versions of system apps ) .
it looks like an update to acal has resolved my issues . so i still do not know how to troubleshoot , but it is working .
as mentioned in comments , i also have a nexus 4 ( 4.2.2 ) and it daydreams ok when charging ( usb to wall charger ) when set to sleep after 15 seconds . " daydreaming " is triggered when the device goes to sleep ( or when sleep mode would normally be triggered ) . it would seem that if the " stay awake " option is checked in " developer options " then sleep mode is never triggered and the device never daydreams . so , the solution is to uncheck the " stay awake " option . " daydream " is like a conditional stay-awake option . the screen does not switch off and for this reason a device can only be set to daydream when it is connected to a power source .
the app definitely uses less data than a browser , because it only loads the email 's contents , while the website loads a lot of stuff along with it . the app needs to download just the gmail content and some information about it ( sender , cc etc . ) . if you are worried about data limits , then go for the app . it is both faster and uses less data .
i achieve on this using tasker . for the apps in the sd card i created a profile with the context events -> hardware -> card mounted and it loads all apps i want . for the apps in the phone i created a profile with the context events -> system -> device boot and it loads all apps i want . note : the first thing you must do before anything in both of this contexts is wait a few seconds . in the " card mounted " event is to let android load all the apps installed in the memory ( i am guessing ) and in the " device boot " is because after booting android is too busy doing important stuff ( i am quoting tasker guys ) .
the anonym with the vague answer is correct , just not nearly complete . for keyboard-less phones ( like my n1 ) , the trackball or trackpad can be used to scroll down the list of suggestions , and that will enter them into the text field for editing . for most phones with a hardware keyboard like your droid , use the d-pad next to the keyboard to select the suggestion for editing ( some of them still retain a trackball or trackpad ) . once you have the correct entry in the search box , tap it to continue editing . btw , i just discovered this , and it is going to make my life a lot easier .
if you root your droid and install cyanogenmod there is something called dsp manager included which seems to do what you want .
yes you can add the email adress from your gapps account via settings > accounts and synchronisation > add account then enter your credentials and you can access your accounts email , contacts and calendar without automatically sharing information from your private calendar with your colleagues . but you need to watch out which account you use creating new calendar entries from now on . after that you need to open your calendar application and press menu > calendar > select the calendars you want to see . if you do not want to see your work emails you can easily decide which items you want to synchronize with your device . merging the calendars is not really necessary since you can view many different calendars in the calendar application .
it is because apple has to look only over its iphone models , which are less in number . also ios is more efficient ( runs well on old hardware ) . and google also had claimed that kitkat will support low-on hardware devices well , and it does . but the problem with galaxy nexus is that texas instruments , its soc manufacturer has discontinued socs and probably even supporting them , so google had to discontinue software support for it , because the soc manufacturer has an important role in an android upgrade . it approves the software and also provides some essential drivers , and that was not obtained in the case of galaxy nexus , so it did not get an official update from google . if you are interested in running android 4.4 on your gnexus you can look to custom roms like cyanogenmod , omnirom , paranoid android etc . this will require you to unlock bootloader and root your phone .
you can connect your android device to your plasma television with an hdmi cable . ( though i would not suggest buying it from ebay . ) 1 sound should come from your television , i will bet . make sure the android hdmi adapter is compatible with your device first .
i ended up figuring it out , but it took a lot of research and time . here 's what i did , probably not exactly like this since it took me a few tries to get right : root your phone . download the koush bootstrapper/loader and install it onto your phone , via their site or the android market . go to team defuse 's website to download the fission 2.2 zip file . put this on your sd card somewhere . boot into koush , apply the bootloader patch , and then reboot into the bootloader . clear cache/data , mount /data and /system , clear cache/data again , install update , select zip file on sd card , once that is done , clear cache/data again , and then reboot . you should then boot into a fresh install of " vanilla " froyo android . no apps . no settings . and best of all , no motoblur ! . . . i think i got all that right . if i missed something , let me know .
you can use appbrain . up right menu . press " more " -> " popular in . . . ( i am not sure translation ) " -> country example for poland http://www.appbrain.com/apps/country-poland/
it just works , no need to wipe . you do not need to wipe , according to a blog post on cyanogenmod 's google plus channel : upgrading from cm10 to cm10.1 as you may have noticed , we started updating some devices from cm10 ( android 4.1 ) to 10.1 ( android 4.2 ) during the weekend . the upgrade process has been tested extensively for the older devices ( manta and mako did not have that problem since they started out with 10.1 ) , so you should be able to update directly without losing any data . the single application known not to work is the clock : our changes to 4.1 's clock to add the stopwatch and timer in cm10 are not compatible with google 's own implementation of those features in 4.2 ( which we are using in cm10.1 ) ; if your clock starts crashing after upgrading to 10.1 , simply go into the settings -> apps menu , choose clock from the all tab , and hit " clear data " .
i only could reset the phone . . cannot remove the encryption .
basic caveat . it is likely ( and to be expected ) that a firmware ( or os ) upgrade will wipe any user data or settings . these settings are not easily translated / adjusted across such an update . however , most tools will give such a warning before you proceed . in more detail . . firmware update ( rom code ) a firmware update will normally cause all user data , settings , and ( custom loaded ) applications to be lost . this is because many applications and your online identity ( connection to e-store ) are usually firmware specific . exceptions : for only a minor update it may be possible to just replace the firmware , and not disrupt the higher layers . this is only advice for developers and the truly adventurous . your specific case : you are attempting to replace the telstra ( big australian telco ) firmware with ( possibly ) later firmware . this will likely not include any telstra specific applications , and you would need to re-register the phone ( upon completion ) . by then all data , settings , and applications would have been lost . firmware update ( android os ) an android update will normally attempt to retain all user data , settings , and ( custom loaded ) applications . but this is only true for minor update , as major changes will make your existing applications incompatible . for each application , the vendor may provide an update with support for the new version to convert ( or import ) any old data . exceptions : if you are attempting a major android update ( eg . from 3.2 to 4.0+ ) this will very likely not retain ( in any useful form ) any of your settings . your specific case : if you were using kies to update android from 4.0 to 4.0.4 ( or similar ) this should be as painless as ota ( over-the-air ) updates ( prompted on your phone ) . however , it is not clear from your description what type of ' firmware ' ( android or rom ) it is suggesting . note : i have not used kies , as it has no linux support . recommendation : look at syncing or backup tools , to save any user data ( phone numbers , messages , etc . ) to your pc . any applications will be more of a problem , but will still available ( in the online e-store ) to again download .
i tried vlingo for a while on my evo and was not impressed . it did not seem to offer any value to me above that provided by the built-in voice actions . i uninstalled it after trying it for a couple of months .
yes - all android devices will work without a sim card , and can be connected to wifi for an internet connection . edit : just so people know , there is a setting in the build . prop file that determines whether or the not the device can be used without a sim or not . most of the time this is set to allow it , however in rare cases it may be disallowed .
i would expect it to have an impact on both . an odexed app is optimized , not just precompiled . android runs on a huge variety of hardware , so platform-specific optimizations could result in significant performance gains .
problem solved . i cleared the cache . to do this i restarted the phone into the bootloader by pressing and holding the power button and down volume key . i then selected recovery . from the next screen i selected wipe cache partition .
go to settings select security under credential storage select ' clear credentials '
if you are using a profile application to set your volumes in different situations , i guest most of them have the option of changing your screen timeout as well . in my case i am using setting profiles and i can add a new profile that does exactly that in two key press . in setting profiles , there is a widget to set profiles and you can even select a timer with the profiles you set , for instance , to enable the profile " no screen timeout " for the next 5 minutes .
battery level estimation is usually performed by a special fuel gauge chip ; different phone models use different chips . e.g. , samsung gt-i8150 ( galaxy w ) , according to the kernel config , uses the maxim max17043 chip , which , according to its datasheet , does not have any inputs to measure the current it has only a battery voltage sensor . according to the manufacturer 's description , this chip uses a sophisticated li+ battery-modeling scheme , called modelgauge to track the batterys relative state-of-charge ( soc ) continuously over a widely varying charge/discharge profile . some information is available in the datasheet , but details of this modelgauge scheme do not seem to be publicly available . btw , the driver used for samsung galaxy w seems to apply some corrections to the charge level returned by the max17043 chip , so probably the estimation performed by the chip is not ideal . other fuel gauge chips ( e . g . , max17047 ) measure both voltage and current , and sometimes also the battery temperature . such chips can probably provide a more precise estimation of the battery charge level . again , the datasheet does not provide all details of the used method . however , even if the fuel gauge chip used in a particular phone can measure the current , accessing that information from android might be impossible for several reasons : the chip might just use the current measurement internally and not expose it to the outside . this is not the case with max17047 it has registers holding current measurement values , which can be read over the i2c bus . the kernel driver for the fuel gauge chip might not have code to expose the current measurement information to user applications . even if the kernel driver makes the current measurement information available ( e . g . , through some sysfs file ) , android does not have a standard api for such sensors neither batterymanager nor sensor have anything appropriate for an electrical current sensor . therefore the currentwidget app that you have found may work only on some models for which the developer has information about accessing this nonstandard sensor .
that should be the correct approach . as you noted , time sync needs a source -- so setting up a ntp server on the pc will provide this source . now you need to have some ntp client on your android device . searching google play for " ntp " brings up two of them right on the first page : clocksync ( i use this one , and am quite happy with it ; still running it with the default ntp server configured -- but in your case , you will have to change this : as you can edit the time server used , this should be no issue ) , and ntpsync - time synchronization are two examples running in the background . if you prefer something permanently visible , atomic clock wallpaper seems to be a candidate . just follow the search link for more candidates : )
some parts of the sdk are the same between windows , linux , and mac , and some are not . the developer tools , such as adb , fastboot , and hprof , are native binaries so they are different for each os . the emulator too is different for each os . the android system images for the emulator are the same between the different host oses , so you do not need to download these again . the android.jar files containing the android framework library itself are also the same between the different host oses . it has to be this way because the jar files are compiled into your app . if you are not sure what to update , it is probably best to just start a fresh installation of adt . that way you are sure to end up with a working version , and there is no risk of failing to update something you should have , or mimatched versions . it might seem that you are wasting time by downloading some of the same things again , but at least you will be able to trust your tools . if you try and frankenstein your installation to save downloading , then even if you manage to do it right , you will suspect it is broken every time you have an unusual bug , and you will waste more time in the long run .
i have installed the application " barcode scanner " from here https://market.android.com/details?id=com.google.zxing.client.android to install an application , i open the " barcode scanner " application and hold the phone up to the barcode . it scans and decodes it automatically and then gives me the option to " open brower " . i click on that and it eventually leads me to the android market when i am given the option to install the application .
i use smestorage . i actually use 2 storage clouds on it . my home webdav server and skydrive . my files physically reside on my home webdav server and on skydrive . i have a phone to skydrive folder sync setup through the smestorage app for some docs/files . smestorage has the ability to encrypt files uploaded to it and then decrypt on the fly from the client , which suits me . it uses aes-256 and does not store the private key so if you lose the key your stuffed but again this approach suits me .
wakelock detector should show you if there is one ( or more ) apps keeping your phone awake overnight . you could also ( if you are rooted ) try betterbatterystats . it is a paid app but it can be found on xda if you want to try it out ( the thread was started by the author ) . i have included their message on why they make it available free on xda below . betterbatterystats is available on the android market for what i believe is a fair price . if you like my work and want to support me please fell free to show your gratitude by buying the app .
the stereo supports bluetooth hands-free but not bluetooth audio , which is used to stream music , so no , this is not possible . for more information see bluetooth profile on wikipedia and compare hands-free profile ( which the stereo supports ) and a2dp ( which it does not ) . theoretically , you could stream music through the hfp but the quality would be terrible , like listening to music in a phone call .
it sounds to me like alkido 1.1 was bundled on your device as a system app . to remove a system app , you need root . there are two ways to address this easily , i would prefer #1 myself . method 1 uninstall alkido 2.0 . install titanium backup . run titanium and wait for it to load your app list . go to the app list and long-press on alkido 1.1 . choose " integrate with market " or similar . go to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications , find the market , and clear the data for it . open the market , go to your apps , and update alkido . if that does not work or you do not want to bother keeping alkido as a system app : method 2 install titanium . run titanium , long-press on alkido 1.1 . choose " uninstall " or similar . you should not need the " hack " version of uninstalling that it mentions , but you can try that if the regular uninstall does not work . alkido 2.0 will be unaffected if you did not uninstall it in method 1 .
mobo player . singlehandedly the best video player app on android . its the ' vlc ' of android . plays nearly every format flawlessly . download the app , click the button to download a 2mb codec pack ( so it can play different video formats ) and you are good to go . if you have any problem with the playback , just go into the settings and force software rendering . https://market.android.com/details?id=com.clov4r.android.nilfeature=search_result#?t=w251bgwsmswxldesimnvbs5jbg92nhiuyw5kcm9pzc5uawwixq . .
is your card working ? can you put it back in your phone and access it ? if yes , do not " fix " it .
if you have a working cwm or 2e recovery you can flash darky 's with it just fine from a stock rom . if you have a lagfix , particularly the ext2 oclf , be sure to undo it first . ( it appears darky 's uses the voodoo ext4 lagfix , so no need to disable voodoo beforehand . see is the voodoo lagfix compatible with darky&#39 ; s rom ? ) note that your data will be wiped unless you are already using darky 's , as per the xda thread .
answering the question i have been searching for a solution to this issue since i have seen your question , probably when you have set a bounty . till now i have found tons of unhappy users complaining about the same issue , no pause/resume during a video record . i have read just about every first fifty results presented for every search that i came up with on google , been into google market , reference forums , etc . . . sigh ! the only answer that i have found relevant to be mentioned was provided by ryan conrad concerning this topic , for the same phone . ( no need for transcription to this answer ) since this is being requested a few years ( at least since 2011 that users are complaining at google forums ) , and since the functionality to pause while recording needs system support due to the api and hardware being used that must provide such capabilities , software developers cannot go around this . some devices may be capable of dealing with the pause/resume feature , but that is unclear . i believe that you will just have to wait until manufacturers and developers can not stand the voice of the unhappy user anymore , and improve this issue . the android api currently does not provide the pause method this is a bit technical , but was solicited on the comments . the public class mediarecorder , being used since api level 1 , does not has the capability to pause , as one can observe from the mediarecorder state diagram : when recording , the api allows us to either use the reset() or stop() public methods : reset() -> restarts the mediarecorder to its idle state . stop() -> stops recording .
each app on android stores its data on internal storage by default , below the /data/data/&lt;package_name&gt; directory . due to the sandbox princip , except the app itself and root nobody has access to that if not explicitly defined otherwise by the developer ( e . g . skype currently has a serious security flaw giving everybody read/write access to all its data , including plain-text passwords ) . so no , you will not be able to get access to the database , which most likely is located in the /data/data/nl.sogeti.android.gpstracker/databases/ directory without having root access to your device . as for your second question : you are assuming correctly . as you do not have access to the developers certificate ( for good reasons ) , you cannot " update " the original app with your modified version . you would have to uninstall and then re-install -- or giving your modified version a different package name . in both cases , you will not have access to the original apps data .
the green is a notification that you are still on a call .
if you are familiar with such things , ifixit has a teardown report for the galaxy nexus , it is fairly easy to disassemble it to reach the micro usb port after step 7 and inspect it . i use isopropyl alcohol and q-tips for cleaning normally . i would however not suggest you try it if you have no experience with such stuff .
thank you for raising these questions . here is some information about aptoide that hope that is useful for you and stackexchange /android community : 1 . - malware is something that we take very seriously . currently , we have 3 different systems to detect the malware threads as they arrive to any aptoide-powered app store : - we run 3 different anti-virus in emulators in run-time - we have an in-house system of signatures to detect recurring threats - we have implemented a chain of trust based in the signature of the developer 2 . - the task of creating a safe environment to the end user is a moving target . we are working with several universities and research centres and in a recent article ( not yet published ) we compare well with the other app stores . we also proposed a european research project with 2 anti-virus companies and 3 universities / research centres to deal with this topic . there is a lot of work to be done and the feedback of the community is important . 3 . - f-droid is in fact very similar to aptoide . they are a fork of aptoide and they maintain all the concepts we developed , like multiple stores . they have a more centralised approach and a central signature which if of course different from our approach . 4 . - at aptoide we have the " trusted " stamp . if you see the trusted stamp in an app , we have 99.99% that the app does not contain a threat to the end-user . best , paulo trezentos ( aptoide co-founder )
personally i think that the easiest way ( apart from sliding right to left but thats not available on all phones ) to put the phone into silent mode is to hold down the power button for a short period , than select Silent mode .
not all rfid systems are compatible with nfc . nfc uses an rf frequency of 13.56 mhz ( so-called hf ) , but there are other common rfid systems that use frequencies in the range of 100-150 khz ( so-called lf ) or 860-960 mhz ( so-called uhf ) . your key may belong to an lf or uhf system . another possibility is that your key is part of an hf system , but uses a command set or an rf modulation scheme that is not compatible with nfc .
android has " partial " support for ipv6 , which basically means there is some code for it but it does not really work yet . check this google thread for more info .
holding the power button brings up the " power options " menu . in there you can choose the profile .
the following short procedure should work : press power button ( enable the screen ) hold power button for 1 second ( new required step on android 4.2.2 , not needed on 4.2.1 ) press volume up or down until phone vibrates optionally press power button again ( turn off screen ) the idea is to enable the screen first , because then volume buttons would be enabled to change ringer volume ( when screen is off they only work for music volume if it is playing ) . then depending on what volume you had set you need to press volume up or down : if volume was set to silent , press volume up once , the phone should vibrate , now the phone is in vibrate only mode if volume was set to regular ringtone , press volume down several times until phone vibrates . now phone is in vibrate mode . pressing volume down again would enable silent mode . so you need to press volume down or up until you feel single vibrate and the you can leave the phone as is and it should turn off screen after short time by default . there should not be much risk leaving screen enabled in a pocket for a while , but if you want you can press power button again to disable screen , but you risk pressing volume keys again which might either put phone in silent mode or enable ringtone . full procedure that should always work : press power button ( enable lock screen ) press volume down up to 7 times until phone vibrates then stop the procedure ( this assumes there are 9 levels of volume , see below ) if phone not vibrated press volume up ( you were probably in silent mode ) , phone should vibrate if phone not vibrated repeat the procedure only one more time ( maybe screen was enabled and first step turned it off ) optionally if phone vibrated , press power button once to turn off screen phone changes between following states when pressing volume up/down keys : maximum volume . . . . . . medium volume . . . . . . minimum volume vibration only no sound , no vibration - silent mode the procedure was tested on galaxy nexus , but since nexus 4 is very similar ( same button layout/number , os version , nexus brand ) it should also work for it . update : since android 4.2.2 changing volume on lock screen as described above does not work . there is additional step needed : holding power button for at least 1 second when screen is enabled . this will bring the " power off/airplaine mode " dialog and volume buttons will work there .
i had the same issue . found this solution on another site : open " settings " app go to " sim card manager " tap on " data service network " choose the sim as the data sim note that only the first sim slot supports 3g internet . so if you want to use 3g you must plug your 3g sim in the first slot .
the accelerometers are hardware , thus always on . when you deactive the settings that need them ( your example auto-rotate screen is a good one ) , you merely deactivate the reading of that sensor to control the activity . a good proof of this is to use the game app " drop " , which uses these sensors . while you may turn off auto-rotate , the sensors are still live for the game .
engadget has just reported that the nexus s is having issues with random reboots ( http://www.engadget.com/2011/02/15/nexus-s-suffering-from-random-data-loss-reboots/ ) and apparently fixes are coming . to see the log you can get the following app : alogcat
once i unchecked automatic date and time and automatic time zone on date and time settings , everything worked perfectly .
i have found a solution to fix that . i went to system settings > motion control and there i had " video set to pause when looking away " . after disabling that it is not auto pausing anymore .
i have done sort of the reverse -- installed a us t-mobile rom to my t-mobile phone while i had it on the canadian rogers network . since the legend is also a gsm phone like my vibrant , i would expect yours to work just as well as mine did . just make sure you have your sim card in for the whole process .
i would try editing extras\google\usb_driver\android_winusb.inf in the android sdk so that it recognizes your device . the file should have a section like this that you can extend : if you go into the windows device manager and view the properties for your device , you should see the id you need . for example , my vibrant says USB\VID_04E8&amp;PID_681C under device ids and has 3 entries with that and &amp;MI_00 , &amp;MI_02 , and &amp;MI_03 appended under bus relations . i would therefore add this to the . inf file : you should also reboot into the bootloader , recovery mode , etc . and see if that provides more ids . i know my vibrant installs new drivers the first time it is connected in each mode , so likely there are more entries needed . then just update the driver and select this . inf file . i think once you have done that then the usb mass storage drivers and so on will be auto-installed when you mount the device to the pc , but if not you could probably extend this process for that .
the default kernel ( dark core ) is derived from the voodoo kernels , but the lagfix is disabled by default . for example , the v9.5 description on xda has the following note : new kernel > > dark core v1.0 inside ! i9000 , i9000m , i9000t only ( cappy users choose speedmod or skip kernel ) customized and built by ficeto [ team darky dev crew ] based on supercurios latest voodoo sound 6 , lagfix and color - thanks a ton , mr . supercurio if you install on top of a kernel with voodoo enabled already then you should be fine ( and i do not believe it will disable it , but you can re-enable if it does ) . there are a handful of threads on the darky forums that talk about some of the nuances to this , but here are a couple : the quick start guide - recurrent questions ( the " recommendations prior to flashing a rom " section talks about lagfixes ) . activate lagfix in 9.2 ? what is a lagfix and how to enable or disable it ( this one is kind of goofy but still helpful )
if you have a wireless lan and you just want to copy files around while the phone can still access the card then the simplest way is to install an ftp server on your phone like https://market.android.com/details?id=lutey.ftpserver there are probably similar solutions using bluetooth , 3g , etc .
changing the starting day for mobile data is indeed non-obvious . you need to enable the mobile data connection ( 2g/3g ) before the options are available : enable mobile data . exit the data usage settings app . tap the spinner below the set mobile data limit checkbox . tap change cycle . . . . change date of each month ( i prefer the first day of the month , 1 ) hit set . undo mobile data if necessary ( e . g . if on wi-fi ) .
it is funny you ask this since gmail just came out today with functionality that allows for different ringtones to be set for different labels ( using custom label notifications . ) this might not be perfect since you would need to specify a label per contact to make it work , but it could serve your needs .
in android , every application runs as a separate user . in the linux kernel , each process is owned by a single user , therefore it is not possible to run multiple dalvik applications on a single linux process . the overhead of running multiple dalvik vm instance is lightweight because linux fork() system call is copy-on-write , a write to a shared cow page will cause a " page fault " and that page will be copied ; so even though most of the vm 's memory region in the ram is shared there are no " shared state " between vms . forking processes provides only state isolation , but not privilege isolation . dalvik vm should not be considered a security boundary that is because the vm cannot enforce a security boundary . the vm is running on user mode ( the same mode as the program it is executing ) , which means a bug in the vm might allow the application to modify vm state in a way that is not intended ; the kernel , however , runs in privileged mode and can enforce security boundary .
unfortunately to this moment google not provide such feature to list all our reviews and ratings from google play . but there is method to search all of ours reviews by typing to google . com phrase : inurl:https://play.google.com/store/apps/details +"John Doe"  where john doe is our name we use in google+ , but of course this name should be unique .
native binaries ( as the mkfs.* tools are ) need to be compiled for the platform they should run on . so if you take the mkfs.ext3 from your ubuntu workstation , which probably is either x86 or x86-64 , it will not work on your android device , which most likely uses arm architecure .
it is not possible to guess the " name of the manufacturer " , as they have not even provided that information on tablet itself . if you want to use android kitkat on the tablet , you can try some custom roms such as cyanogenmod , with any available binary image for a tablet with almost all specifications same as your 's , including processor , ram , nand etc . and i am not sure whether this will work or not . so make sure to have a complete backup .
the issue is solved . afaicu , there was possibly a problem with android update hosting site or somewhere on a trace to it , because the device was connected to and was capable of browsing internet without a problem , including google.com. after some time , even without updating the progress indicator , the device displayed Install &amp; Reboot button . after this all goes well . so , the answers are : android provides cumulative update to 4.4.2 , at least for nexus 7 ( 2013 ) . android should improve the way how it shows status information . if it encounters some problems with downloading an update , it should output something like " connection timeout , trying to reconnect . . . " instead of just " downloading " all the time . also the progress indicator may have a bug preventing it from proper ui update in similar sitations .
stock recoveries usually check the update . zip file being flashed for a specific signature that is only known by device 's manufacturer and/or carrier . you cannot therefore flash custom roms on stock recoveries , hence the need for a custom recovery which bypasses said check .
it is a bug with openvpn connect , apparently : you are absolutely right -- server-pushed keepalive parameters ( ping , ping-restart ) are being ignored in 1.1.12 and earlier . will be fixed in next release . thanks , james by using openvpn for android ( alternative ) , i can connect properly .
this is due to the fact that by default non google-play applications are blocked by default in android , as a security measure . to allow these to be installed go to ( this may vary in wording across android versions ) Settings &gt; Security &gt; Unknown Sources this allows things to be installed that are not form the known ( google play store ) source . you can , in later versions , set only the inital install to process or allow any further ones to install . in android it is similar to this ( slight variety in different versions ) on the kindle it is slightly different :
background android has specific rules regarding the installation of applications and their physical location . it works like and hierarchical structure : if the app has a specified location by the developer , this takes priority . if it is not specified in the app , then the default install location is used . android has 3 identifiers for app storage location : that may be mentioned on the application manifest android:installlocation : " internalonly": the application must be installed on the internal device storage only . if this is set , the application will never be installed on the external storage . if the internal storage is full , then the system will not install the application . " auto": the application may be installed on the external storage , but the system will install the application on the internal storage by default . if the internal storage is full , then the system will install it on the external storage . " preferexternal": the application prefers to be installed on the external storage ( sd card ) . there is no guarantee that the system will honor this request . the application might be installed on internal storage if the external media is unavailable or full , or if the application uses the forward-locking mechanism ( not supported on external storage ) . old applications may have no choice but to install on the internal storage , as per the google documentation : the ability for your application to install on the external storage is a feature available only on devices running api level 8 ( android 2.2 ) or greater . existing applications that were built prior to api level 8 will always install on the internal storage and cannot be moved to the external storage ( even on devices with api level 8 ) . what can i do ? you can manage the installed applications and set their storage location , all from one place : tap " home " to return to your device home screen ; tap your device " menu " button ; depending on your device , you either have to : tap " manage apps" ; tap " settings " > " applications " > " manage applications " . now access the third tab where it reads " usb storage " or " on sd card " ( again , varies with the device ) ; here are listed all the applications that are allowed to be moved to your external storage , tab over one to bring up more options about it ; when the application details panel opens , you have a button " move to sd card " , use it to move that application to your external storage ; press " back " to return to the list . if you have moved the app to the external memory , you will notice that a green tick is present on the right side on the list , to let you know that the application file is currently on your external storage . this is a safe guide to have your os managing the applications and moving then from internal storage to external storage without hacks or tricks . you can read all about it on the google official documentation .
you do not " unroot " per se with odin ; you just flash a stock , unrooted rom that wipes out everything currently on the phone . it should not matter whether you use odin or heimdall . note also that unrooting will not matter if you have flashed anything with odin , since that also voids your warranty and is recorded on the device .
i do not believe android 2.1 allows this . i have read that the latest release android 2.3 ( gingerbread ) will have this feature . sorry i could not find the post that mentioned it but here is the api link .
root will not be necessary , the android api allows apps to set the output file format to . mp4 . so you just need to find an app that makes use of it . but , as with most video file extensions , .avi and .mp4 are just container formats . therefore the actually used video codec , that is responsible for the quality of the video , is not changed by changing the container format . the android api itself recommends to use .3gp as container format for better compatibility . using an mpeg-4 container format may confuse some desktop players . source i am not aware of an android video recording app that actually saves the video with h . 264/avc compression . i think that this is because of the royalty fee one has to pay to use the codec .
here are a few ways to do it on a samsung galaxy s . drag down from the notification area . wi-fi on/off is one of the controls . long press on the home screen , select widgets then select Power Control . this widget also has a wi-fi on/off control . long press on the home screen , select Shortcuts , then Activities , expand Settings in the list that is displayed , then select Wi-fi settings . this will take you directly to the page with the list of available wi-fi networks . hopefully one of these will help .
when unofficially modifying your phone , nothing is safe . . . but if others say it worked , give it a shot . just keep in mind that anything can go wrong , so back up your data and have a plan b for recovering your system . edit : plan b ( how to recover your phone ) : recovery software : http://www.archos.com/faq/index.php?action=artikelcat=120id=301 stock rom : http://update.archos.com/afmv1/storage//files/full/a40ti/20130922.101129/ota972121_8916_v007049.zip
i recommand you to install anysoftkeyboard ( available in android market ) , it a bloody good keybaord , by pressing 1 sec . on [ . ] key there is an additional key wit the three dots ! what i also find great in this keyboard is that you can install your country keyboard what the standard androd keyboard does not provide . . . test it . . . you will adopt it !
workaround - use google docs via a browser , and bookmark that page .
if you have a rooted phone which i assume you do since you are on cm6 , see this post detailing how to change the font of the clock on the lock screen . basically you need to replace clocktopia . ttf in the /system/fonts folder with your desired ttf font ( remember to rename new font as clocktopia . ttf ) and reset permissions to be similar to the old file . if you are willing to use widgetlocker , there is the freeware make your clock widget beta - that will , as the name suggests , allow a user to customise and create a clock widget as per your taste . you can then use this custom created widget in conjunction with widgetlocker .
you will need to download official firmware . you can find it by searching " nexus one stock 2 . x rom " , and xda might be better than google . i would also look up how to use the android sdk to flash it , probably using flashboot through adb . i have a galaxy s which uses another tool , so i can not help with more detail without looking that up myself ; )
in the context of android , more ram means android can keep more sleeping program in the ram so they will be ready to be quickly resumed when you return back to the apps . more ram means android is going to spend less of its time killing and reloading apps from the internal memory/sd card , and instead spend more time doing actual work you care about . this means that more ram usually give you better/faster task-switching . also , more ram means your homescreen is less likely to be killed ; and you will not experience that 10-second-wait-that-feels-like-forever . having more ram also allows you to run complex apps that naturally requires a lot of memory , e.g. photo/video editor , complex games , etc . a higher cpu is able to calculate things much faster , while this might look tempting at first , it is notable that most programs -- except for games and synthetic benchmark and possibly flash-heavy webpages -- are i/o-bound and not cpu-bound ; in other word , most programs are waiting for network transmission , flash storage reads , dma reads , touch event processing , etc to finish , instead of waiting for some calculations . in cpu-bound application , increasing cpu speed can mean less latency between touching the screen and the screen updating to reflect the touch event . however , up to a certain point , there will be no longer any noticeable benefit of adding even more cpu ; beyond a certain point , the input turnaround will be much faster than our own brain 's turnaround time ( approx . 100-200ms ) and we will not be able to perceive the benefit of adding even faster cpu . also , note that input-to-output turnaround time depends on a large number of other factors , e.g. the latency of the cables , speed of the bus , etc . second , having some extra cpu time to spare also means that android can assign those spare cpu cycles to background processes , so background processes can run better . summary more ram : better task-switching can run more complicated apps or open larger/more complex files more cpu : faster turnaround between input and response ( less lag ) on cpu-bound apps better background processing in short , both are equally important ; your own personal usage pattern will determine which is more valuable for you . if you generally stays in a single program and is sensitive to input-to-output latency then having faster cpu will be more valuable for you ; if you constantly task switch between many different apps or if you need to run complex memory-hungry apps to open complex large files , then having extra ram is going to be more valuable to you .
i had the same problem and had to try out a bunch of apps . in addition to what you were looking for , i was also interested in the possibility to add comments during the presentation using the s-pen of my galaxy note . all the apps listed below support full page view , so there are in principle an options for presentations . moon reader pro this is an excellent ebook reader . you have to pay for the full version , since the free version wont support pdf display . you can select full-page mode . by default there is no transition effect . you can also annotate while viewing . the pdf quality is very good and i have not seen any lags . tons of options . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.flyersoft.moonreaderp aldiko book reader also a very good ebook reader that supports pdfs . very much the same as the moon reader , but it wont allow annotations . also moon reader has more options . the main advantage is that this reader is free . so try this one out first . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.aldiko.android acrobat reader foxit and foxit mobile pdf lit both viewers are fast and allow annotations , but you cannot turn off the page transitions . very annoying for presentations . both apps are free . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.adobe.reader https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.foxit.mobile.pdf.lite pdf viewer this viewer was first slow , but one can change the options such that it performs okay . it has no page transitions , but it wont allow you to annotate . free . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=the.pdfviewer3
android tracks events that affect battery usage and stores this information in batterystats . bin file . some examples : length of time screen was on with a specific brithness setting which application ( or non android app process ) and how long held a wake lock ( prevents device from sleeping ) cpu usage per process ( android app or other process ) phone signal strength gps usage etc . android computes how much power each application or component ( e . g . screen ) uses based on configuration information included on the device by the manufacturer . not everything is measured so the statistics can be sometimes misleading , but it gets better with every android platform release . battery statistics can be dumped from the device using : adb shell dumpsys batteryinfo  here is interesting fragment of a post by diane hackborn with more details about wake locks power consumption : there are two ways power from wake locks is computed . on some chipsets , simply holding a wake lock needs to prevent the cpu from going to a full deep sleep . in the reported battery usage , this extra power use will be distributed across all apps holding wake locks . even if the wake lock itself does not cause power use , holding a wake lock in one app can allow other applications to run and cpu when they would not otherwise . ( for example , some app may have a { sleep ( 1 ) ; do something ; } loop that would not run if no wake locks are held . ) to address this , half of the cpu usage of applications is distributed to be blamed on the ones holding wake locks .
i do not think there is any widely known issue with this . i am able to sign in to stackexchange automatically on my nexus s . i looked around at the android issue tracker and while there are a lot of results for " browser https " , none in the first 20 or so seemed pertinent . it might just be a problem local to your phone . i would try resetting it .
free space here you must distinguish between the several partitions : /system: this is mounted read-only in normal mode , and the place where " the system " is installed ( android core apps plus most of the pre-installed " bloatware" ) . no matter if it shows "220 mb available " , as a normal user cannot make any use of that " free space " internal storage ( /data ) : this is where the user installs his apps , and where all the user data reside . most crucial part , and the place where your report states "11 mb free " -- which most likely will trigger the " insufficient memory " error , see insufficient-memory ) . to free up space here , you can do things like . . . uninstall apps you once installed but no longer need ( most efficient part ) move apps to sdcard ( see app2sd ) . apps must explicitly support this ( though there are root-methods to enforce the others , it might have side-effects ) . still , parts of those apps will remain here -- unless using things like link2sd . cleanup cache ( only temporarily helps , as cache will fillup again ) internal sdcard : some devices ( not all ) offer this as additional storage . app2sd may move apps to this place . aside from that , you can store files here ( documents , media files , etc . ) external sdcard : no need to explain this one , right ? unless you really know what you are doing , you should not manually change the partitioning ( e . g . to move some free space from /system to /data ) . you might break things , especially future updates ( where the android system may need more space than it currently does ) . sdcard just a short note on that . while one should no longer " save money " buying anything below class-4 , additional money for class-10 might be " wasted " . my recommendation is to go for class-6 as the best compromise between speed and spent money . compare the specs for read speed and write speed between class-6 and class-10 when in doubt . if you still want to go for class-10 , make sure your device supports it . swap controversely discussed nowadays . depends very much on how much ( physical ) ram you have available in your device , and what kind of apps you use . i tend to say with recent hardware and a recent android version ( 2.3 and higher ) there is no need to go for swap . the android system does a good job on handling memory , and if your device has 1 gb ( or more ) ram available , i do not see where swap would improve performance . but as said , that also might depend on what apps you are using . also for your question concerning swapper : keep in mind that swap only creates " temporary data " . so with " swap broken " , you could simply de-activate it without losing data ( as it holds no permanent data ) . partitioning as said above , i do not recommend to touch this yourself unless you are really experienced with it . rather leave it to the " experts " . especially i would never make the /system partition smaller , for given reasons : you might encounter problems with future updates -- not only with newer android versions , but also with different roms , as different roms also go with different selections of pre-installed apps . file system types i cannot imagine any tutorial recommending fat32 for /data -- you must have misread that . i even doubt fat32 would work here , as it imho does not allow for the unix permissions to be supported and required by /data . however , fat32 is recommended for the " data part " of the sdcard , for compatibility reasons : it is the file system readable by most operating systems . the " app partition " usually is /data , and many roms use ext4 here ( some older ones might still use yaffs2 instead ) . but coming to that point , i am pretty sure you misunderstood the " targets " -- and " app partition " versus " data partition " is referring to the sdcard , which brings us to the last point of your question : partitioning the sdcard this is usually not required but optional , and makes only sense in combination with either app2sd+ or link2sd to move apps out of the " internal storage " ( see above ) to gain free space in that most crucial place . it might need a little additional information : some apps support app2sd to move larger parts to the sdcard . however , with usb mass storage ( ums ) , when you connect your device via usb to a computer the entire sdcard would be " moved " there , and apps as well as data residing on it become " inaccessible " to the device itself . this is one of the reasons some apps will not support app2sd -- especially when providing widgets and/or services . several approaches exist to circumvent this problem : app2sd+ / link2sd use a second partition on the sdcard . android would only " give away " the first partition of the sdcard via ums , so this second partition remains untouched , and its data/apps/ . . . stay available to the device switching away from ums and using mtp ( media transfer protocol ) instead , the card is no longer offered to the pc " as a whole " ( i.e. . including physical access ) , but in a logical way the computer is permitted to access files on it . so even while mounted via mtp , the device has full access to the card . this is what recent android versions do -- though some users might have a hard time to get it working with their os 's where it is not always supported " out-of-the-box " . conclusion : if you want to stay with ums , a second partition on your sdcard might prove useful . switching to mtp instead , there is no need for that anymore , unless you want to use app2sd+/link2sd for other reasons ( e . g . not only move the apps , but also their data/dalvik cache ) .
from what i know ( and by no means am i an expert on rooting ) the phone with the red triangle is the standard htc recovery mode , not the clockworkmod recovery . so my guess is that your rooting method is not working correctly . so , what method are you using and is your desire branded / locked to a network ? when i rooted my desire a few weeks back , i struggled to get clockworkmod installed - i was using the unrevoked method . i ended up having to factory reset the device to be able to install it , which is always an option , but you will lose all your saved date ( i am having to replay all the angry birds levels ) .
see also : how can i stop applications and services from running ? first , i strongly caution against messing with this . if an app is hogging system resources or otherwise being a problem , uninstall it . android is designed to manage running services and apps automatically , and manual interference is tricky and can cause various problems . there are apps that claim to allow you to edit start-up processes ( example ) , but i do not trust them . many of them either do nothing or simply force close the app every time it starts . many services auto-restart so your phone will never sleep , the services will just be run and closed over and over . many of these apps do not require root , so i would be surprised if they could do anything at all . with root , you can use an app like autostarts to manage which apps are triggered by events . this is not quite the same as preventing apps from running at startup , but it can help prevent them from restarting after they have been killed . i recommend titanium backup for uninstalling system apps . make sure you do not remove actual android os apps/services , just third-party apps that have been protected ( e . g . bundled software like you had get on windows ) . some of these apps are more important than they appear ( i hear motorola phones have a lot of " useless " apps that the system relies on for no good reason ) , so use the backup feature of titanium first . ( note that if you break something badly , you may not be able to get into the phone to restore and fix it ! ) be very careful how you use all of these tools . if you remove or disable a system process , you can make your phone unusable .
unfortunately i do not think there is any way for a user of an app to do that , i am pretty sure it would require the developer to add that extra " intent " as an option to their app before it could appear in that app chooser box . there are apps that specialize in this behaviour though , and should appear as options in the app chooser box for web links : inbrowser is " a fully featured incognito/private browsing experience " , which should appear in that list of browsers and work as an incognito browser . incognito browser " automatically operates in incognito or private browsing mode "
is it a google apps account ? if so , you need to flick some settings in the domain manager : Settings-&gt;Calendar-&gt;Share all information and/or Share all information, and outsiders can change calendars . have you tried going into the calendar settings and checking `share this calendar with others ' ? wait a while . google calendar settings changes often take a while to propagate , i have found ( at least with google apps ) . possibly because the server i am making my changes on is different from the server that my phone is hitting up .
pansi sms supports inbox-style sms . in step 2 of the setup wizard , you will be asked to choose either : conversations message box - this is what you want
if you touch an individual item in the call log , and press the menu ( vertical ellipsis ) you will see a " clear from call log " option .
i tried the exact same procedure , with odin 1.84 but on w7 x86 instead of w7 x64 and it went just fine . at the first attempt , i successfully flashed my device with a stock rom . your answers are all right , and black magic or not , for my particular issue i think the answer is use odin1.84 with a 32 bit system .
beware : the instructions are for clean installing an os . that means all your data will be permanently lost . if your phone was previously rooted it will be brought back to an unrooted state ( whether you want it or not ) . please , remember to make backups of any important data on your phone . it will be lost . 1 . turning on usb debuging turn on usb debugging on your device : go to system settings / developer options and check " usb debugging " . 2 . fastboot you will need the fastboot tool . it is an official google command line tool intended for developers . you can follow the official instructions for installing the tool , but they are pretty complicated . if you are on mac os x or linux you should probably do what i have done and use the adb-fastboot-install open source tool . just download it , unzip it and use one of the following command line instructions ( depending on your operating system ) : sh ADB-Install-Mac.sh  or sh ADB-Install-Linux.sh  obviously while doing that you need to be inside the directory containing those files . there are plenty of instructions on how to install fastboot on windows ( for example this one ) . see also user17512 's answer for an alternative method for windows users . 3 . going to device 's fastboot mode you need to connect the device to your computer using a usb cable and then access your device 's fastboot mode : on nexus s : turn off your phone . press and hold volume up , then press and hold power . on galaxy nexus , nexus 5 and nexus 10 : turn off your phone . press and hold both volume up and volume down , then press and hold power . on nexus 4 and nexus 7 : turn off your device . press and hold volume down , then press and hold power . 4 . unlocking the bootloader execute the following command on your computer : fastboot oem unlock  note : this step will remove all your data from the device . 5 . downloading the factory image download the factory image for your particular device and your desired android version directly from google . 6 . installing the system unpack the archive ( if you are on windows you will probably need to download additional software for unpacking . tar . gz files . 7-zip will do the job . mac and linux users have all the required software installed already ) . go inside the newly unarchived directory and execute the following command : ./flash-all.sh  note : this will wipe all data from your device after some time your device should reboot and boot to your newly installed operating system : ) 7 . relocking your bootloader this step is not strictly necessary , but it is a good idea for security reasons . reboot to the fastboot mode again ( see step 2 above ) and execute the following command on your computer : fastboot oem lock  this worked great for me , i hope it will be helpful to other people : )
from the reviews on that app , it sounds like they are doing part of it in their app , and part of it by sending you to the website . this may well be two separate authentications . the official google docs app is now part of google drive , have you tried that to see if it works more how you had want ? it does not ask me for any authentication when i use it .
probably the easiest way is to use x-parts ( formerly known as cwm installer ) .
evidently , the google voice app does not support conference codes or other extensions . ( at least not yet . ) to call an extended number through the google voice service , dial as though the gv app were not installed , or as if you were calling from something other than a smartphone : dial your own google voice phone number . if voicemail access is not enabled for the number you are calling from , press * to access the gv menu . enter your pin , if required . press 2 ( to tell the gv service you wish to place a call ) . enter the conference phone number , and press # . gv will connect you . proceed as normal for calling the desired number ( i.e. . , enter the extension , the conference-room number , the passcode , etc . ) . so , the contact is programmed with a number like this : 612-555-4321,[PIN,]2,800-555-1234#,,1234567890# . ( as i understand it , this is a limited application of the process flex dialer uses . ) if you have the gv app installed , then use another app like voice plus or voice choice to exclude this contact from gv . ( this is a consolation to what was originally asked for , which requested fewer exceptions to the phone 's gv dialing rules . should not be a big problem , though . ) if you have your gv number associated with a contact for yourself or your voice mail , then that is the contact that will appear in your phone 's call history . however , the " real " contact will show in your google voice call history .
you should be able to configure auto update via the market place . open the market place go to my apps and find adobe flash player and untick the " allow automatic updating " box .
this turned out to be a hardware issue . i had two relatively pleasant conversations with tech support at google play and asus . since it was a new purchase i just returned it .
this button is normally greyed out when there are not any defaults set ( and possibly when there are no other applications to change the defaults to ) . if you install another voice recording app , you should be asked which you want to use the next time a voice recording event is triggered . this normally does not get triggered when you start up the voice recorder manually , it has to be triggered .
if you go to settings -> storage , then hit the menu button , you will find an item called usb computer connection . here you can set usb settings .
estimated , at least 50% of the questions starting with " is there a way ( settings or app ) . . . " can be answered straight away with the " big t " -- tasker . that is an automation tool which does not come cheap ( about 5 bucks ; a free trial is available at its homepage ) , but is worth every cent . it works with so-called " profiles " , where each profile consists of conditions and a task . so let me propose such a profile for you : condition : cell near ( set this up at work , let tasker record all " cells near" ) 1 state &rarr ; headset plugged ( check " invert " to make it the opposite ) task : audio &rarr ; silent 2 1 this refers to your provider 's mobile cell towers , and is the " cheapest " location mode in terms of battery ( as the cells must either be scanned for calls/sms/mobile data being available ) . if that is not exact enough , you may add gps location or wifi near ( to scan for e.g. your office 's wifi ap ) -- which then only kick in as soon as one of the listed cells is detected , again to save your battery . 2 check whatever you want here . you could completely silence your phone ( that would affect ringtone and phonecalls as well ) , but you probably just want the media volume set to zero . so what happens with that profile ? as soon as you come near to your workplace ( "cell near " , the mobile tower ( s ) close to the office ) , and the headset is not connected , media volume ( assuming you chose that ) will be silenced -- as the condition is completely met ( "at office , headset not plugged" ) . now you start your player and hear -- nothing . but once you plug the headset in , the condition is no longer valid -- and tasker reverts to the settings as they have been before the profile was activated ( so you can hear music via headphones ) .
tunein radio has channels for bbc radio , other radio streaming apps probably have them too . tunein is a good app , the pro version even lets you record . i am not sure what other features the pro has over the lite version , but i use tunein daily .
as those ports are closed on your router , there is no " on-phone solution " , only " on-router solutions " . you will have to open those ports on the router , use a different wifi ap , or switch to your mobile data connection . if you want to go for the " open ports on router " solution , this is beyond the scope of our site . but you are certainly welcome with that question on super user , which ( amongst others ) covers personal and home computer networking according to their help center .
archos deals with a special usb host cable for usb otg . perhaps you need it .
as discovered here , htc have removed the link to the training option in the settings menu . however , the actual feature remains intact so i have created a quick app to access it . please note that we do not know why htc took it out , they may have had a very good reason and i could be meddling , however i have used the training feature successfully on my sensation without any negative effects and the recognition is much improved . i have put the application on google code , the download link being here ( including cr code for devices ) . please note that all use is under the mit license - hope this helps others with the same problem ! also , the option seems to have been returned to it is normal position in the menu in the following android/htc versions : Android 4.0.3 HTC Sense 3.6 Software number 3.33.401.53  viewable in settings --> about phone --> software information
there are several versions uploaded to the play store . i cannot personally attest to the safety or nature of them , but they generally all claim to be " pulled from the sdk " or similar . one exception is that i do recall trying the one named " android 2.3 launcher ( home ) " briefly in the past and it worked fine and was not doing anything shady ( it is review average is ~4.2 stars at the moment ) .
for my linux distribution ( fedora 20 ) it is quite simple : [ pc ] run pulseaudio . ( runs automatically on fedora ) [ pc ] load module bluetooth-discovery . ( it is auto-loaded on fedora ) [ pc , android ] pair with android-phone via bluetooth . [ android ] in device 's options set the profile " use for media audio " . [ pc ] connect to the phone . [ android ] play music . ( i use google play music - it works ) [ pc ] the phone 's stream is detected as an input source - in case , you want to mute or amplify it . caveats the only problem is the step 5 . i can not connect to pc from my phone - i think , it is a linux problem - and it is another question for another forum .
there is a special permission for Google Billing ( technical name : com.android.vending.BILLING ) , which is required if the app wants to use google 's billing system . so if this permission is requested by an app , it most likely uses some in-app-payment ( why else should it request this permission ) . however : the absence of this permission does not necessarily mean there is no in-app-payment used with an app , as there are other means of accomplishing the like ( e . g . premium sms , or calls to some premium numbers ) . but if an app requests neither to send sms , make calls , access the internet , nor google billing , i know of no way it could accomplish in-app-billing without the user really actively doing something , like buying a gift-card and entering the code .
first , in the facebook app , under its settings , enable synchronization for all contacts . open up your contact list and select the google contact you would like to merge . then push the menu button and select " edit contact " . then hit the menu button one more time and select " join " . choose which contact you would like to merge it with and you should be good to go .
this is the firmware for your device 's original software ( v . 1.0.1 ) . simply download and save to the micro sd card and use it to flash your nook . voila ! job well done . the xda page chahk posted is an excellent resource and reassuring , stating that it keep in mind that the nook is really hard to brick . by that , i mean almost impossible . so there you go ! good luck !
i have a htc desire , but i am assuming the menus/behaviour should be similar : settings -> language and keyboard -> touch input -> international keyboard select the languages you want to use . that should restrict the keyboard list to the ones you have specified .
i appear to now have some kind of download mode , though it is not the samsung one - i just flashed a new rom . going to close this either way , as i do not think there is a simple solution other than sending it back .
the menu you get when you press the shutdown key should give you a list of options including shutdown , restart etc . if it does not , your phone 's manufacturer might have left it out of the rom .
htc sense widgets do indeed only work with the sense homescreen . there are knock-offs , but these are usually pulled off the market by htc very quickly . beautiful widgets comes quite close though .
since android 4.2.2 , [ usb debugging requires authentication ] , something that is not possible during boot . to disable this , set the following property in default . prop ( inside initrd ) : ro.adb.secure=0  this enables adbd for a short time . it seems that some process is setting sys.usb.config=mtp . to work around that , i applied this patch ( perhaps only the start adbd part is necessary , i have only tested the below ) : you will not be able to get root ( su ) through this . for that , set : ro.secure=0  updating the initramfs block , the initramfs header field and the sha1 id ( header ) of the boot . img is not in the scope of this answer .
do you find any lag when opening applications or does it slow down when multitasking ? if no is your answer then it is a very normal behaviour . my phone has 1 gb of ram but more than 600 mb is always occupied and it does not lag anytime . you can read about ram management in android in so many developer forums if you had like to .
nova launcher apex launcher trebuchet ( cm9 's official launcher ) as far as i know , you must install all of these to /system ( which requires root ) in order to have widgets appear in the app drawer , and trebuchet does not support being installed to /data at all .
the gmail app already appears to do this on a per-account basis . simply open an account , then navigate to (Menu button)-&gt;More-&gt;Settings-&gt;Select Ringtone . this works fine on my version ( 2.3.4.1 ) and allows me to set a different ringtone for each account . you can also use this to cause some accounts to provide vibrate/audible notifications while others do not . for example , my work account is set to vibrate " for all notifications " , but my other accounts have their vibration set to " never " .
fixed by downgrading to " ginger bread " , re-calibrate horizontal accelerometer and then re-update to jelly bean
that is normal behaviour for the sim card phone book , not just for android , but on older dumbphones too . i remember my old nokia 3310 took about a minute after booting before the phone book ( and other sim card functions ) became available . the problem was not really noticeable on early android phones because they took so long to boot anyway . while the phones are a lot quicker now , the sim cards are still the same old technology . if you want to get at them more quickly , either leave your phone turned on , or copy them to the device .
applanet is that rather shady-looking place that claims to let users download and install ' thousands of free and paid apps ' for free . since the original authors of the apps have little say in whether their app appears on the site , i think it is fair to say that all bets are off when it comes to the apps ' integrity . also bear in mind that it is recently been proved entirely possible to download malware from the official market ( google blog entry ) . so , in summary : impossible to say , and , yes .
if you are just talking about files , i would take a look into ftpsyncx or foldersync . i can only talk for ftpsyncx , as i am using it myself -- but most of the following should be valid for both apps : you can setup directory pairs ( one on your device matching another on your pc ) , and have them sync bidirectionally or unidirectionally . you can configure the sync interval : globally , per server , or even per directory-pair . you can even tell it to only sync when you are in your home wifi , or only when you request it ( via widgets , from within the app , or even event-based controlled by tasker . if this answer did not catch your intention , feel free to comment , ask , or update your question : )
you have two choices here : edit the stock kernel ( or the kernel you are using ) to enable init . d support or edit the init . rc use a custom kernel with init . d support already enabled . i would suggest the second option as is far more easier to achieve . once flashed a kernel with init . d support , you can add all the scripts you want to the folder that will be executed at boot time . the folder is located in /etc/init.d and all scripts inside that folder will be executed in order . for example , if you have : /etc/init . d/10-startup-daemon /etc/init . d/50-mount-extra-partition they will be executed in the same order i have typed them . you can change the order by changing the number at the begining of the file .
i think i did it . i tried to delete the folder /storage/sdcard0/android/data/com . google . earth but even with root/su i was unable to . so i renamed it and it was renammed successfully . next time i opened the app it worked . but i still have a folder of 13mb that i can not delete . suggestions ? update : i found this that suggests : i see in mount points something that gets my attention /dev/fuse on /storage/sdcard0 type fuse (rw,nosuid,nodev,relatime,user_id=1023,group_id=1023,default_permissions,allow_other)  here you can see that /data/media is mounted with specific user and group id . i discover by executing ps and id commands that 1023 id belongs to media_rw user with wich the /data/media folder is mounted . i think login as media_rw user should do the trick but what i did in order to delete the folders was : login as root ( unnecesary if connected via ssh with sshdroid ) su mount /system with write permissions mount -o rw,remount -t ext4 /dev/block/mmcblk0p9 /system run sdcard command again ( as root ) /system/bin/sdcard /data/media 1023 1023 go to /data/media and delete the unwanted folders ( let 's say they are called . trash y . garbage ) rm -rf .trash .garbage mount /system with read only permissions again ( for security reasons ) mount -o ro,remount -t ext4 /dev/block/mmcblk0p9 /system check that the folders does not exists ls -lsa /data/media/ the output must be something like this ( no . trash or . garbage folders in here ) this may solve other problems like this .
sniffing the network traffic would require root for the app that does the sniffing part . this can easily be done with " shark for root " . but you will not get any end-user friendly information , just the raw packet data that is been send and received from your phone . that information needs to be matched to a particular app and action ( e . g . app xy is uploading photo file x123.jpg ) . generally you do not want an app to be able to read and log another apps network traffic for security and privacy reasons . that is why you need root for that . even if you could read and log the packets from other apps , it is easy to disguise the malicious data as something normal . it is not so easy to reveal that . side note : if you do not trust an app which has network access , do not install it . if you really need the app and you know that it works also without internet although the app requests permission to use it , some custom mods will allow you to block internet access without the app knowing .
have you tried galaxy call recorder yet ? features list : - recording calls , ability to enable/disable recording service in the settings - showing grouped records extended with contact information such as name and icon . - settings to disable recording when headphones on or bluetooth device connected - settings to disable recording for incoming , outgoing call and for some contacts . - ability to specify different audio sources for headphones and bluetooth devices . - calling , sending sms , creating an event from the app . - ability to stop recording from a notification . - ability to play , delete the recent record from a notification . - ability to specify a recording delay , a minimal length of records . - ability to enable/disable the detailed notifications in the program . - ability to record a conversation into a small set of files . - deleting a record or many records at once . - locking/unlocking records to prevent unwanted deleting . - ability to automatically deleting records . - ability to send records to dropbox , google drive , and skydrive etc . - integration with google+ . - flexible ui settings to change a font size and a background . - screen lock . - saving records to microsd card , dropbox disk . if you already tried this , you should mention which apps you tried already .
the sony liveview may fit the bill .
the beyondpod podcast player will download new podcasts directly to your device , on a schedule . for example , i have it run every morning to look for new podcasts . and , it can be configured to " share podcasts " with the default android music player . i have never used the share-with-default-player feature , so i can not really comment on how well that works in practice . but the basic podcast management and download features have all worked nicely for me .
go to Settings -&gt; Date and Time and ensure your time zone is properly set . this should be enough , but you can also check Automatic or Use network time or similar to ensure it picks up the proper time .
thanks you all for your answers , i have no idea what happen but yesterday i updated like 15 apps and now the icon is gone . i dont know which app made that happens but the good news is that its gone : ) just fyi it did not act like a regular app icon , it did not gave the option to see " app info " or " remove " it was staying in all the screens no just in one . and when it was press it opened a search that when was press to search was searching on google . any way , thank you very much greetings iair
google talk is available for most android versions , and in fact is pre-installed on all google-authorised android devices that have the android market and gmail installed ( because both of those apps rely on talk to do their authentication and communication ) . it may just be called " talk " on your device rather than " google talk " or " gtalk " . if you are talking about google voice , then that app is available to all devices using android 1.6 and higher , but you can currently only use the service within the us . skype use is blocked by some phone networks , but is generally available otherwise if you are outside the us , see this previous answer for some of the options .
this menu button is a backwards compatibility feature . it is displayed on all apps that say they are designed for a version of android from when android devices had physical menu buttons . ( that is froyo or earlier . ) the android system can not tell whether such an app needs the menu button or not , so it has to display it to make sure the app is usable on newer devices without the hard button . if the button annoys you , contact the author of the app and ask them to update their " target version " . they can do this and still be compatible with older versions of android .
i am not sure exactly how you use the select all feature , but i think an effective way to mitigate your need for this is to go crazy with filters , labels , and the priority inbox . having your gmail account sort your e-mail into highly specific labels for you and carefully tagging everything as either " important " or " not important " will keep the number of e-mails you see at any one time to a reasonable amount most of the time . there are a ton of great tips in this article from lifehacker that i have used both on the web interface and on my gmail app . oh , and submit a feature request to google . ; - )
after enough frustration with this issue i actually moved to a custom rom . this mainly happens due to rotation as mentioned by colin i used to face this issue when i had the phone in landscape mode , in an app and then locked the phone ! when it came back on there was major juggling and it used to end up this way ! software fix : pray that samsung fixes it ! or get a custom rom ! temporary fix : 1 ) dont lock your phone without exiting an app in landscape mode sorry but this was what i used to do , given s2 is a pretty old phone i highly doubt an official fix for it .
at least my version of chrome ( 32.0.1700.107 ) on os x has a menu called Mobile Bookmarks under Bookmarks , where i can see my phone 's bookmarks . and i can add bookmarks to my desktop chrome from android from menu -> favorite ( the star ) -> folder -> desktop bookmarks . try using chrome beta for android if yours does not have that feature .
it is exactly the same keyboard as the android keyboard from jelly bean ( 4.2 ) as i read . see i.e. this article . rereading exactly points out that this app should expose the keyboard which was only installed on nexus phones with android 4.2 to prior android version ( 4.0+ ) on other smartphones and tablets including features like " swiping " and gestures . there is another article on androidcentral
does the in built-in backup service work ? yes . but maybe not how you expect/want . as you mentioned apps need to ' opt in ' to backup data and most apps do not actually use this . i am only aware of a couple that do . as far as i know , the backed up data is only actually restore to a device when the device is initially set up , not when you install an app from the play store that you have previously used ( i could be wrong on this though ) . google recently launched a way for games to sync progress between devices which more apps seem to be using and are publicising this more . helium and adb backup work differently in that they backup the data stored on the device and do not require opt in . helium uses the adb backup method so essentially they work the same way ( although it does not require a pc to perform the backup ) . titanium backup backs up the apk and the appropriate ' data ' folder ( not the folder on your sd card by default ) and again this does not require any opt in from the app developer . personally i use titanium backup as it was the only option when i first rooted my first phone . i have not used helium so can not say if it is better/worse . when i have used adb backup ( not via helium ) it took a long time to backup/restore but it does work quite well .
the rootfs ( / ) as well as /system have to be mounted with rw permissions . so , to check for that execute # mount |grep -i rootfs and # mount |grep -i '/system' if you do not see rw for the permissions , do # mount -o remount,rw / and/or # mount -o remount,rw /system
it seems error 923 is related to the whole process of downloading , cache , storage , installation , etc . people get it most often in google play , but sometimes also outside of that . most suggestions how to fix this come down to : Settings &gt; Apps &gt; Running > stop all ( google related ) running services Settings &gt; Apps &gt; All &gt; Google Play Store > clear data and clear cache reboot phone , all should be fine now found quite some useful answers on the internet outside of stackexchange ( it exists ! ) , so answered my own question already . suggestions/additions always welcomed . ; )
in one of my attempts to i was trying to upgrade the hboot from 0.80.0007 to 1.01 and luckily flashing the device with ruu_buzz_froyo_htc_wwe_2.22.405.1_radio_13.55.55.24h_3.35.20.10_release_160191_signed . exe it also brought my wildfire to the stock rom .
if you delete a file from your mobile device , the file remains on your online storage . to have the file permanently deleted , you need to delete it from your online dropbox account , accessing it via their website . i have just run this exercise ( to prove the theory ) : take photos ; sync dropbox ; delete photos from my device ; access laptop ; photos were downloaded ; access dropbox website and login to your personal account ; delete photos ; photos were automatically removed from laptop and a notification was presented asking if i wanted to undo the operation .
the other answer works ( to remove the search bar and rearrange icons below the ::: button ) works fine , but only in a landscape orientation . even in landscape , pathological arrangements of icons can be stumbled upon . i have settled on this method : use a firewall ( e . g . , droidwall ) to block ' google search ' , which i never use , and which i do not want broadcasting my task-switching . to switch to another app , press the home key and then begin typing the name of the app ( the search button is not necessary . ) when the app shows up , down-arrow to it and press enter . how convenient this is obviously varies depending on the names of the apps you wish to switch between , and on the other apps you have installed , and on whether you indeed do not ever use google search . it is also about half as fast as the 3.2 method .
while this might not be the complete answer to your issue , it appears that the galaxy nexus is connected to an hsdpa:9 radio ( 10.1mb/s theoretical speed ) while the milestone is connected to an hspa radio ( 14mb/s theoretical speed , not hspa+ which can have a theoretical speed of between 21 and 42 depending on the network ) . while the theoretical capacities of the networks are similar , it does seem that they are using different radio tower connections , which could explain the difference in bandwidth that is being experienced .
try nova launcher from the play store . you can import your old home screen pretty easily and it allows you to " infinite scroll " . press Menu on the home screen > press Nova Settings > press Desktop > check Infinite Scroll
profiles are just a way to change a bunch of settings at once . by long-pressing the power button and tapping ring/vibrate/silent ( below airplane mode ) you change a single setting however : the ringing behaviour . the profiles work slightly different to what you expect . you most probably forgot to enable some switches of the standard profile , most of them are on/off settings for which a profile has 3 actions : activate deactivate modify / do-not-modify this is for example very handy for a car mode that you activate to just switch off a security lock screen ( + enable gps and leave all else as is ) . the standard profile has a lot of those unset do-not-modify checkboxes ( the checkboxes to the right ) , so unless you check them the profile does not actually change those settings . tick the checkbox and try again !
when your rom is booted up for the first time , android 's dalvik goes through every apk and extracts the dex file from it . it places the dex files in the cache folder - located at /data/dalvik-cache . this is the directory that gets cleared when you clear the dalvik cache in your recovery tool
the two more popular sms apps in the market - handcent sms and gosms have options that allow you to set reminder tones and led flashing to alert a user to unseen messages . lots of configurable options in both apps .
skype today released skype 1.0.2 , and mayor change is support for samsung galaxy s . maybe this will affect your phone too . update and see
if you have spare parts installed there is detailed information in there about the state of the battery . also , you can find out what is the application that is sucking up most of the battery via settings > about phone > battery use .
when i read your question it sounded like a chrome bug to me . i looked around , and yes , it is a bug on samsung 's multi-entry clipboard feature , and it is been reported here . here are two things you can do to fix this : ( 1 ) if your phone is rooted , delete the contents of "/data/clipbord/*" . ( 2 ) or , do a factory reset .
you already pointed to the correct lines -- the interesting ones are the two immediately before it : so golauncher galaxystheme had requested a wakeup . i have read about similar issues before on another site with other golauncher components ( cannot remember which ones it were -- but it were some i do not use myself ) . in your case , there seems to be something special with the theme used . i take it you explicitly installed galaxys go launcher ex themes ( compare the apps package name in this url with the log message quoted above : yes , this is the one having requested the wakeup ) . you could try to ( temporarily ) deactivate/remove this theme and see if this helps .
if you have access to a computer that a ) is on the same wi-fi network ; and b ) runs wireshark ( http://www.wireshark.org/ ) you can probably find out the port that way .
implayer+ handles this funtionality . it has a healthy number of downloads and should work .
as life of lcd screen is measured in hours of its usage , keeping screen turned on does consume some of its life hours . but , average life of lcd screens range from 30,000 hours to 60,000 hours , so i do not think it would a matter to you .
the typical audio only jack has 3 rings , usually call tip , ring , sleeve ( trs ) . these typically map to left , right , and ground . phone manufactures wanted to make this jack work with existing headphone so they used a connector with 4 rings , called tip , ring , ring , sleeve ( trrs ) . these map to left , right , and ground just like the 3 ring , but the final connector maps to a microphone . this makes it so that if you plug an audio only cable into it , the microphone input gets connected to ground so nothing is hurt . it also means that if a headset with microphone is connected to an audio only device , the microphone is connected to ground , also hurting nothing . sources : what protocol does a headphone jack use ? leads direct : jack plugs and sockets
i do not think continuous vibration while the phone is ringing can destroy a phone . it can drain battery though . i always set mine to vibrate , and it is still fine . some phones or custom roms let you adjust how strong the vibration is .
it seems that feature has been replaced by the check-in feature that google is trying to promote , so that you use there location based app ( latitude ) . when you check-in you can add info and reviews . google it trying to promote latitude as a loaction based social app where you can share your location and interact better with your friends and also provide reviews for the selected starred location .
the battery indicator app in the first picture shown appears to be ours so i would thought i would respond . :- ) the ongoing notification shows because all ongoing notifications in android currently must display a notification as shown , and because the app must always be in memory to work correctly . you do not need a custom rom to be sure the battery is not being drained too much . over a year ago i joined with dmytro shkil to publish both battery notifier ( big text ) and battery notifier pro bt because his original program consumed less battery than any other app i had tried . tested with systempanel with the display intentionally kept on , the free and paid versions of our program today still consume less than . 01% cpu over 8 hours . we have left out fancy graphs and other eyecandy to keep our app consuming as little battery as possible . larryvgs http://batterynotifierpro.blogspot.com/
so , based on the comments above you do need a notification solution . the obvious one is just to turn off notifications for the email app , or to turn down the volume before you go to bed . you could also use an app like tasker to do the latter automatically based on profiles that you set . for example you can have it mute notifications when plugged in to charge : http://androidforums.com/1207528-post3.html
have you tried formatting your sd card in a dedicated reader , as opposed to doing it directly on the phone ? most phones ( and even most laptops ' built-in sd card readers ) have problems writing sd card partitions . i usually format my sd cards in a stand-alone card reader hooked up to my pc via usb . also , it is probably worth re-partitioning it with partition editor from ubuntu livecd .
there are multiple solutions available : using an usb cable if you connect your device to your pc via an usb cable , it shares ( parts of ) its storage to the pc . with versions prior to android 4 . x your device usually identifies as usb storage ( like any external disk/usb-stick attached ) , never android versions might use mtp instead , which might require special drivers on your pc to be used . once connected , you can transfer files easily between pc and android device . using a card reader if your device features a slot for sd cards , you could simply remove the sd card from your device ( remember to unmount it first via the device 's setup menu ) , put it into a card reader , and attach it to the pc . it should then pop-up on your pc as " usb storage " as described above . wireless solutions ( browser-based ) there are a bunch of wireless solutions available -- and this is not the place to list them all . principially , you can install any ftp/web server , and configure it to offer the directories you wish to access . as this might be too complicated for many users , there are quite easy solutions . the probably most well-known is airdroid , which offers a nice interface to manage almost your entire device from your pc : as the example screenshot shows , a file browser is included -- and permits you to upload and download files to/from your device . a second example for an easy-to-use app would be wifi file transfer , which -- as the name suggests -- is specialized to transfer files via wifi : there are many more possibilities , just check the playstore . a good starting point are the playstore pages of the mentioned two examples , then lookup related apps . other wireless solutions there are many more wireless solutions available . as logos mentioned it in his comment , i will add some examples here for completeness : samba you can use apps like samba filesharing to turn your android device into a samba server . in short , samba ( or smb , or cifs ) is the protocol used by windows shares . linux also understands this protocol . using samba , one thus can access the android device 's file system ( without root , this will be restricted to the internal/external sd card ) like any samba-/windows share . webdav several apps like e.g. davdrive can share the android device 's storage via the webdav protocol . this works via http , but can also be accessed like a " shared drive " using the appropriate software on the pc . bluetooth do not forget that we also have this available -- at least on our android devices . but also keep in mind this is much slower than wifi . nevertheless , it can be facilitated using apps like bluetooth file transfer . ftp the file transfer protocol also is an option . there are several apps available turning an android device into an ftpserver . . . other solutions for completeness , let 's just name them in short : ssh server , web server , file synchronization tools ( like e.g. foldersync ) , and probably several other options i am currently unaware of . . .
yes , totally normal . this is the ui 's way of telling you that you have reached the edge .
the problem is that some systems think of different ways to use the exif information . there are several possiblities , but for the motorola milestone ( droid in the us ) it was that the picture got a " rotated " mark in the exif , but it did not get the height/width set correctly ( example : lets say you have a hxw = 3x4 camera . if you take a landscape shot , you will get the normal hxw= 3x4 sized shot , and everything is fine . if you take a portrait shot , you still get the hxw = 3x4 ( but you would want to see hxw = 4x3 ) , and an extra mark that says " this shot was rotated ) . some programs could work with this ( twitpic for instance ) , but some coudn't . now you might face the same issue . i would look into your shots , and check what the exif says . if the exif has one of these issues , you might need to change ( possibly use some sort of automatic process ) the exif . also , another viewer might help here .
seems i just needed to wait a little longer for the " copying . . . " dialog to pop up again . windows is weird sometimes .
the solution is time ; an update to this app fixes this bug .
this may be a symptom of the swype application data becoming corrupted following a hardware upgrade . to resolve this , go into settings > manage applications > all > swype and clear the application data . then force the swype service to restart .
i use beyondpod ( the full version ) to watch ted talks all the time . it pulls in a list of the videos from the feed and you can choose to download which ever ones you want and then play them right in beyondpod . there is no data connection required .
force stop is a one-off action , not a thing you enable or disable . force-stopping an app does not prevent it restarting any time it would normally start : when you launch it from the apps menu , or through a share action , or automatically via an alarm , broadcast , or on start-up . the question you link to talks about whether the button is clickable ( enabled ) or greyed-out ( disabled ) . that is to say , it is about under what circumstances the force stop button is available for you to click . force-stopping an app just stops it once , when you click the button . the only long-term effect it has is that force-stopping an app might ( in rare cases ) corrupt its settings files , making it behave unpredictably in future .
try slide lock . it is awesome . just like ios version . ( click image for a larger version )
this simple app creates " false apps " . we can assign a shortcut to a " false app " . if we click on the " false app " , the shortcut will be executed : shortcut launcher in google play app store
summing up from the comments : first you need to understand that updating apps works different on android than it does on a " normal " linux distro : there is no such thing as " apt " . though android has its own package manager ( listening to the pm command ) , installs/updates are usually dealt with by services/apps like google-play-store or other alternative-markets . pm would rather be comparable with dpkg on debian-based systems : it can do local installs ( i.e. . with the .apk file already present on the device itself : pm install would be the command for that ) , and a lot of other things . apart from that : a terminal app can be compared with a terminal on linux allright . you get a text-mode " window " where you can execute commands . most are even similar to those available on linux , as android is linux based : you have things like cd , ls , grep , and more . for details on this , you might wish to take a look at e.g. ten basic android terminal commands you should know ( androidcentral ) using the terminal ( xda ) android terminal commands ( xda ) android shell command reference ( github ) our command-line tag-wiki a look into our terminal tag-wiki will not hurt either : ) i would say all terminal apps available for android should support the above . some even offer additional features , such as an entire development environment ( terminal ide ) , or access to remote servers ( juicessh ) .
no it is not . commercial gps receivers ( like the one in your phone ) only work below 18 km and below 515 m/sec . the rationale behind this is that this way they can not be used in ballistic missiles ( yes , i am serious . ) in order to circumvent this you had need to flash a different firmware to your gps chip , if you did not do this you are safe . no current android device ships with munitions grade gps receiver .
you can test that the triggers work like they should with dock simulator ( market link ) . run it and try " car dock " to see what should happen when you dock the phone . if nothing happens , it might be a problem in your triggers . otherwise , it is the dock or your phone 's magnetic sensor . try dialing *#0*# and selecting Magnetic to access a self test of the magnetic sensor .
there are two ways , depending on your firmware version . they work on both locked and unlocked bootloader . requirements having adb drivers installed ( usually installed with sony pc companion ) having enabled Unknown Sources having enabled USB Debugging pc companion must not be running 12.0 . a . 1.211/257 ( c5302 , c5303 , c5306 ) ; 12.0 . a . 1.284 ( c5302 only ) ( credits for doomlord , guide from this thread ) download this archive and extract it . connect your phone to your computer . in the extracted folder , double click on the runme . bat file . follow the instructions ( usually one key to tap ) . reboot your device if it does not do it itself . 12.0 . a . 2.245/254 ( any device ) ( credits for doomlord , guide from this thread ) in these versions , sony has patched the exploit , so we need to flash an older kernel that has the exploit and then reflash the kernel of our actual firmware version . this requires flashtool . download this archive and extract it . download the kernel file from 1.257 firmware . if your actual firmware version is 2.245 , download this kernel file . if it is 2.254 , download this one . open flashtool , click on flash icon ( see image ) , select flashmode , browse to 1.257 kernel ftf , validate . disconnect your device , shut it down , then while pushing on the volume down button plug your device to your computer . the illumination bar should go green . wait for flashtool to finish , then reboot . close flashtool in the extracted folder , run the runme_ file ( exact name depends on your os ) . once it is finished , shutdown your device . open flashtool again , repeat the same steps as before , but select the kernel ftf for your actual version ( 2.245 or 2.254 ) . plug your device in flashmode . when flashtool has finished , you can reboot and finally enjoy your root ! jelly bean 4.3 ( 12.1 . a . 0.266 ) ( any device ) as for 12.0 . a . 2.245 and 12.0 . a . 2.254 , the exploit is fixed , so we need to root while being on an older firmware ( 2.254 preferably ) , flash the new stock rom zip via recovery and flash the new kernel via flashtool . ( thanks to niaboc79 for this method ) . downloads : 12.1 . a . 0.266 ftf ( full or kernel only ) recovery stock rom deodexed or any stock based rom of your choice superuser fix update to 12.0 . a . 2.254 . root using the 2nd method . close flashtool unzip the recovery archive and run the . bat file . put the rom and fix zip on your phone . reboot in recovery ( power off your phone , then power on and press ( not maintain ) volume up on multiple times until it vibrates ) . flash the rom . flash the fix . advanced -> power off if it ask you about a su overwrite , select no open flashtool and flash only the kernel from the . 266 ftf . ( see screenshot from niaboc79 ) unplug , power on and enjoy android 4.3 with root !
you probably will not be able to access much of your internal storage via the web browser . the url you mentioned , file:///sdcard/ , consists of two parts : the protocol ( file:// ) , and the path ( /sdcard/ ) . so basically , you just have to change the path accordingly . you can check with a file manager what the path to the desired destination is .
answer with android 4.0 ics , charge only mode is no longer available . unfortunately there is no app to deal with this issue afaik . you can try , but i believe that this is not possible with your phone , but for future readers , placing the phone in " media transfer mode " , allows access to sd cards on both phone and computer . further into this matter one can always disable the " automount " feature from the host os : windows 7 click " start" ; at the search box type " autoplay" ; select " autoplay " from the search results list , should be under " control panel" ; find the " mixed content " option and select " take no action " from the selectbox . this will effectively disable automount for devices like mobile phones . by my tests , the phone does not ask to " turn on usb storage " either . ubuntu using gui : access the " software center" ; search for " dconf editor" ; install and after , open it ; navigate to " org " -> " gnome " -> " desktop " -> " media-handling" ; un-tick " automount " and " automount-open " . using command line : open the terminal ; type gsettings set org.gnome.desktop.media-handling automount false . use true to enable it again .
one solution to your problem probably is reverse tether : other than your hotspot functionality ( which lets you use your phones internet connection with other devices via wifi ) , this allows you to use your computers network via usb , as the screenshots imply . thus your phone gets a ( configurable ) ip address ( pic1: " desired ip" ) matching your computers ( pic1: " gateway ip" ; it is important that both are part of the same subnet ) , and then you can access your computers web services from your android device as described before ( using the computer 's ip ) . drawback : this solution requires your device to be rooted . i will check further , maybe i find a similar solution not requiring root , and then will update my answer with that new information . update : if your computer is equipped with wifi , an " adhoc connection " could also provide a solution . you might want to take a look at the question how to connect android wifi to adhoc wifi ? for details on this . and there is a brand new article just published today at pc advisor : connect android phone to ad hoc network , which might be even more helpful to you .
this post may assist you ( similar symptoms but no blue light . . . worth a try ) : http://forums.androidcentral.com/google-nexus-4/312151-solved-nexus-4-wont-turn-charge.html basically it states to try to get your phone into " recovery mode " and then select " start " . . . see if this at least wakes up your phone . it includes a link to this youtube video with step-by-step instructions : https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embeddedv=e0fvhfg6t2i#t=159
goggle drive gives you some security options regarding your documents : you can choose to encrypt all offline documents ( that is , documents stored on your device ) ; and can also choose to decrypt documents incrementally as they are streamed to your phone , by selecting the Streaming Decryption , thus having just a small portion of the document decrypted when accessing it . kinda like watching a compressed video . sadly enough could not find any official documentation to support my answer on google , but here 's some relevant links : access and edit files with google drive google drive - view files offline in the google drive android app
there are many available choices , depending on the features you need : cryptonite uses encfs and requires root luks also requires root and provides on-the-fly encryption ( aes by default ) to virtual folders eds provides encrypted containers and does not require root . it even is compatible to truecrypt . droidcrypt can encrypt single files or full directories . no root needed . encryption manager is a file manager providing file encryption support , and so is andisk filescrypter supports encrypted files and folders and many more . just check the examples , and take a look at the " also recommended " stuff on their market pages to find more .
today , i installed clipper plus in bluestacks and i noticed that its already storing clips i copied in windows . i have also tried to copy a text in bluestacks and paste in windows . it has confirmed that clipboard has already been shared between bluestacks and windows . great . . . either this feature has been pushed recently or i did not notice it without clipper plus . i tried to paste using Ctrl+V in bluestacks which still does not work . do paste with proper method : long-click and choose paste from menu .
the mdm solution can require that you set a pin . the google apps device policy app , for example , can require you to set a pin . this is described in the google device policy for android if you want more details .
you could try this post on the droidforums .netthat has a custom app to manage brightness . requires root though .
odin is an internal samsung tool used for flashing firmware to their devices ( via download mode , bypassing recovery etc . ) . importantly , it also has the ability to repartition the device storage based on a . pit file , which can save you from softbricking ( when flashing goes wrong and recovery/the bootloader fail ) . it is not open source and to my knowledge they have not intentionally released it &mdash ; a few versions have been leaked . for what it is worth , i have used the version posted here without issue . heimdall , however , is open source and duplicates the functionality of odin . it claims to be more reliable as well , in addition to being cross-platform ( odin is windows-only ) . both tools appear to work best with galaxy s devices , so if you are using another device you probably want to ensure someone else has tried it and succeeded . another note is that they use . tar packages layed out differently than the normal update . zip format used by recovery and otas , so you need to get the proper package for it to work .
make sure your device is connected . open Device Manager . in USB Devices , find a SAMSUNG composite device ( can not capture a screenshot because it goes away ) . right click , choose Uninstall and make sure to check " get rid of that sheet of driver software " . . . well . . . i mean " delete driver software too " . disconnect and reconnect usb , or clik detect devices button windows detects the phone and installs the plain old mtp driver . optional step : report to samsung optional step 2: upvote : )
i am also a user of samsung galaxy s2 . mine is rooted but all the indicators of your phone are pointing to a hardware problem . there is most probably a short-circuit like instantaneous electric jumps inside the motherboard . most of your problems can be answered rationally by uncontrolled electric jumps . for instance plugging the usb cable ( namely a power source ) directly starts the phone , indicating that there is a short circuit which transfers the usb power to the power button of the phone whereas they should be insulated . when you power-off the phone , it restarts . this may be explained with a short-circuit of the phone 's battery with the power button . so on and so forth . . .
you will not find anything about this in the man page on your desktop , nor the usage information for adb because this is not an adb command . remember that adb shell foo starts a shell on the device and runs the command foo there . it would be like looking in the ssh man page to find out what ssh myserver rm -rf * does . the command you want help with is ime list , and it only exists on the device , not your desktop . running adb shell ime ( with no further arguments ) prints out the usage information for this command . " enabled " in this description does not refer to the " enabled " field in the manifest ( that is , the one printed out under ServiceInfo ) , but rather whether the ime is turned on in the settings . it might be a little confusing to have two different things called " enabled " , but do not forget that adb is a debugging tool for programmers , who are expected to understand such things . end-users should not need to run this command , since the list of imes is accessible through the device settings . from this description , if you get output with ime list -a but not ime list , that tells you that no input methods are currently enabled in the settings .
1 - no . there is a microsd slot where you can insert cards upto 32 gb in size to extend the memory . 2 - yes - vpn support is present in 2.1 as well 3 - some are free , some are not . some are ad-supported .
the ui lag is down to a number of things such : too many widgets ( delete them , home launcher has to redraw screen upon closing the app drawer ) home launcher - some redraw better than others ( switch to different launcher ) animation turned up to the highest value ( i.e. turn it off ) , in ics+ , it is as simple as found in settings > developer options : window animation scale transition animation scale animator duration scale ( jellybean ) force gpu rendering ( if that is ticked , it may not have any effect ! ) depending on : the kernel version gpu driver in context of kernel space and the gpu driver itself , for example , adreno* ) cpu ( important ! ! ) are we talking about old armv6 chipset or the newer ones that has either dual-core or quad-core ? what android version ? older android versions below honeycomb , did suffer from some " janky " effects in terms of graphics redraw , more often than not , the chip-set was older and likewise for the kernel as well , which did not have the native adreno graphics driver . what happened in ics upwards , was , android took advantage of the native adreno graphics drivers built into the kernel which was dynamically linked with the user-space adreno driver that comes as standard and was found in kernels 3 . x+ upwards , and also in general , in newer handsets since ics was launched .
provider did block the imei of the phone . now it is unblocked and all works fine ! thanks to matthew read for clue . . . : )
the android system does not natively support any kind of resume after a full shutdown . individual apps can save their state at any time and restore that state when the app is loaded , but the android system cannot store its state or the state of all of the apps for a shutdown . theoretically speaking , the kernel could probably be modified to support some form of hibernation but the stock android system does not .
these voices were the result of having the so-called " roaming tone " enabled in the sound settings . strangely , the description of this setting is : roaming tone set notification tone informing the status of cellular service after disabling this option , she no longer speaks to me when i receive a phone call or turn on/off airplane mode . though i have no idea how a speaking voice is considered a " notification tone " . . .
the android issue tracker is located at http://b.android.com . you can report the issue there .
yes , android keeps one active connection to google 's servers , but it does not use much power or data , because no traffic is sent along it until something sends a gcm message to an app on your phone . there is only one connection on the phone , used by all apps : installing a new app that uses gcm does not add any extra load . the first step in gcm is that a third-party server ( such as an email server ) sends a request to google 's gcm server . this server then sends the message to your device , through that open connection . the android system looks at the message to determine which app it is for , and starts that app . the app must have registered with android to use gcm , and it must have the relevant permission . when the app starts , it might create a notification straight away with the data from the message . gcm messages are very limited in size , so the app might instead open a normal connection to the third-party server to get more information ( for example , downloading the headers of new emails ) . the advantage of using push notifications is that apps do not have to run at regular intervals to check for new data , saving both power and data . the advantage of having a centralized mechanism like gcm is that the device only needs one open network connection and the android gcm system is the only thing that needs to keep running , rather than each app having to stay running in the background to keep its own network connection to its own server .
dual file manager
here is the link , where that kind of browser ( hay web browser ) can be downloaded : http://webdroid.life.am/ here is the facbook group , where hay web browser is being discussed , and the creator can answer to your questions : http://www.facebook.com/home.php?sk=group_191625270874191ap=1
i do not think there is any support for the x10 from cm for the v9 release . for reference : xperia arc => anzu xperia neo => hallon xperia pro => iyokan xperia mini pro => mango xperia ray => urushi xperia mini => smultron xperia arc s => ayame xperia neo v => haida xperia active => satsuma live with walkman => coconut xperia neo l => phoenix edit : cyanogenmod is a rom that targets a lot of handsets . a souped up/bloated version of the stock vanilla aosp android ( the ones found on the nexus series handsets ) the freexperia project was founded by jerpelea who ( unofficially works for sony , gets freebies and contributes to porting cm for that handset etc ) . also , freexperia project is officially merged into the cyanogenmod tree . not all legacy devices are supported using the cm rom , especially for the newer v9 and v10 ( ics and jb respectively . if visiting this get cm you will actually find that cm is not supporting the legacy devices ! have not tried freexperia , but have heard it is not 100% stable , as some things are broken on it ( if anyone wants to correct me , feel free to say so in the comments ) : )
please check the place where you downloaded the rom from , it usually contains installation instructions . in most cases , these roms use the update.zip mechanism of the recovery mode , as matthew mentioned . you might need a custom recovery ( see clockworkmod and twrp and their tag-wikis , clockworkmod resp . twrp , for examples ) . the process then usually is as follows : copy the .zip to your sdcard boot into recovery-mode select to " apply update from sdcard " navigate to and select your .zip let it flash go back to the main menu and select to " reboot device "
you cannot restrict where the applications write the data on the sdcard . you can go and delete what ever you want on the sdcard , but it may be data for an application . if you move it , the application will think it has been deleted or does not exist , and it will just create the data in the same place again . google recommends applications use the /sdcard/android/data/ folder , but if the application has permissions to write to the sdcard , they can write where ever they want on it . some applications were created before the recommendations , others may not know the recommendation , and others may not care for what ever reason . the " standard " is the following for non-application specific data : music/ podcasts/ ringtones/ alarms/ notifications/ pictures/ movies/ download/ and then application specific is : Android/data/&lt;application&gt;
barsent . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . weird name , i know right ! barsent is a simple and free app that lets you set a predefined number in the options and then any subsequent barcode scan results will be sent to that number instantly without any prompts . the barcode reader by zxing team is however required for this app . get it here ! click here to download the barsent apk ( not available on market ) alternate link or scan the code below from your phone to instantly download the apk remember to turn on " install from unknown sources " in your options ! btw , the app is made by me when i got some spare time and i thought while it may be too simple , it could be helpful to a few people . your question inspired me to make such an app ( lol i know im such a sucker for bounties ) ; anyway , it was fun getting this done in the mit is app-inventor the app is not well tested because i did not have much time . if you find bugs or want to request for a feature , maybe we can do it over the chat here on android stack exchange or via email preferably . comments are probably not the right way . a few things i would like to say its simple and will always be free if its slow or crashing , i might not be able to do much really since its made using appinventor , do tell if those things happen though . if you do not like this , you can modify or build your own or ask me for features . also , there could be potentially some apps in the market that does the same in a better way . i simply made this app for fun . i do not know if i can support app2sd or crunch the size of the app . . its just appinventor and i did not include any fancy media into this app . there are no obtrusive ads , background services or airpush junk permissions are exaggerated by the appinventor i guess do not hold me responsible for anything if you like this , you can upvote this , share it using the small and cute buttons to the left of this post . oh and after installing the app , i recommend scanning the barcode that is above in this post using the app . ; ) screen shots . . maybe later but the app 's really ugly in terms of looks . :d exclusively for the stack exchange community ! that is why i am posting here !
from verizon : open settings . select battery and data manager . select data delivery . select data enabled to enable / disable .
try changing usb cable . bad cables can cause this ( at least i had this problem once , which went away simply by using another cable ) .
have you tried searching for gamepad in google play ? here are some of the results : ultimate gamepad connect through wifi or bluetooth in the most simple way . install the ultimate control receiver program on your computer ( pc , mac or linux ) and select it from the list displayed on your phone . droidpad droidpad lets you use your phone as a pc joystick or mouse .
try <code> wget http://www.blah.com/files.apk </code> in the terminal emulator ( if you are using cyanogenmod , then you probably have busybox , which includes wget ) , you might need root to write to the internal memory , so if you do not have write permission in the current directory , then you might need to type su first .
i managed to disable it . you need to remove all hangouts updates in google play , then reboot for hangouts to go back to talk , then talk can be disabled in settings -> apps -> all .
just installing supersu do not give you root - it is only tool for controlling access to root account on rooted device . from app 's description : supersu requires a rooted device ! ! !
there is nothing special you need to do within gmail . ( in fact , there is nothing you can do in gmail . ) simply add the google account ( s ) to your device under Settings &gt; Accounts &gt; Add account . ( it will then appear there listed under " google account " . ) after that make sure you are syncing gmail plus whatever other google services you want ( or not ) .
moto g does not have a gyroscope sensor ( but it has an accelerometer ) that is why moto g did not get the photosphere option . actually panorama does not require a gyroscope . while there are obviously ways to do panoramas without a gyroscope . it looks like they use the same engine as photosphere to do the panoramas . so app also lacks panorama . source thread google camera g+ thread
jelly bean unfortunately , there is no setting that you can enable to show battery percentage on the system icons tray . without using an app , all you have is : battery indicator on the top right corner of your screen . access to the battery settings , level and usage details : go to : settings > device > battery app using the battery app by macropinch available from google play store , you are able to get the percentage on your status bar :
create a playlist file with the correct sequence and open it on the device . it will then play in the order given in the file .
i found the solution . i can give a static ip to my beaglebone via shell scripts ( or adb ) : ifconfig eth0 up 169.254.13.13
if you want to know the changes made in the app after the update then simply follow this steps . slide down the notification bar tap the update notification . this will bring up the market link ( unless you set the app to auto-update which will open up the app and not the market link because the update is already installed ) . once you are in , search for the app in question , select it , and there you will find the changelog like this . notice that you cannot do this if auto-update is enabled . you must open the play store , tap menu ( three dots in upper right of screen ) , and select my apps . from there , do step 3 . take note that not all developers post their changes in the market . for that you will need to google for the answer .
i am a big fan of quickpic : it is simple and truly fast : )
the adb likely will not be of much help . the apps need to have debugging enabled to be able to see their thread and relative performance i believe . i assume you have looked at the battery usage menu in your phone . what is it telling you ? you could the hidden debug menu in your hd . it may provide more info . open your phone dialer and dial *#*#4636#*#* . give that a try .
yes . locking the bootloader is possible after you have installed a custom firmware . a locked bootloader will not allow you to ad-hoc boot custom binaries ( using fastboot boot boot . img and will not allow you to directly write to the flash chips . an unlocked bootloader however does offer you this and newly available commands are : fastboot flash partition image fastboot boot kernel-image so , if it is locked you will only be able to either boot the normal or the recovery system which themselves need to enforce the chain of trust and ensure security . current custom recovery images will not enforce any security , so you will have to install a safe stock recovery after you have installed your custom firmware . regarding the stock recovery , this will not allow you to install any upcoming custom builds , only stock firmware ( that is digitally signed by google ) will install . so , to have a working chain of trust with no holes in it , you will need to first unlock the bootloader , then install a custom recovery , install a custom firmware ( etc . ) , then re-install the stock recovery ( extract it from google 's stock image ) , then re-lock the bootloader . the procedure to upgrade to newer firmware builds will be a bit tricky at the moment : i think there exist user-land tools to unlock the bootloader from a regular ( rooted ) custom firmware ( like cyanogenmod ) without the penalty of a full wipe . this way you can unlock the bootloader without a wipe , then ( temporarily ) boot a custom recovery ( via fastboot boot cwm-recovery . img ) , do an adb sideload update . zip and finally relock the bootloader using fastboot oem lock again . one note : i think i have read somewhere that the nexus 4 does not to a full wipe with subsequent unlocks after it has been unlocked/relocked once . i am not sure about this , you will need to test this once .
take a look at sd move and sd watch . they do not automate the process for you ( i do not think automation is possible ) , but sd move will give you a color coded list of what applications you can move over , and sd watch will alert you when you install a new app whether or not it can be moved to the sd card .
check that you have the calendar selected : go to Settings -&gt; Accounts and Sync -&gt; [your Facebook account] and make sure Sync calendar is selected . on some phones there might be a builtin facebook sync which only takes care of the names , so if there is no Sync Calendar option , go to Add account and see if you have facebook under Integrated contact accounts and More accounts . if so , add the one from More accounts and check Sync Calendar . edit : the problem can be fixed by removing and readding both sync accounts , waiting for the phone to remove them in between .
harass me by samuel tardieu available from google play store does what you want : tired of missing extra-urgent calls because you forgot to switch your phone off silent mode ? this application will turn the volume on if the same number tries to call you 3 times in 3 minutes ( configurable ) .
yes , for non-free apps there is a minimum price for each supported currency . as i noticed this morning when adjusting the price of one of my apps , these minimum prices are not exactly equivalent across currencies ( and even if they were , they would drift over time due to exchange rate fluctuations ) . for example , i set the new price of my app at $0.99 for the us and the roughly equivalent price of 0.59 for the uk . however , i could not set such low prices for scandinavian countries or japan because the minimums were higher ( the japanese minimum is 99 yen , which is roughly 0.71 / us$1.16 at today 's rates ) . the full list of minimum and maximum prices is here . at current rates it seems that the cheapest possible non-free app would cost 0.50 ( approximately us$0.72 ) .
since this is getting inactive for so long and no one seems to know the solution . then i guess i will bring my phone to where i bought it and face the consequences of my actions haha ! if they can not fix it , then no one can . lol cheers , guise !
if you are using the default version of adw launcher that comes with cyanogenmod 7 then you can add a shortcut to your homescreen fairly easily . long press on an empty space on one of your home screens and then select Launcher Actions-&gt;Open/close notifications to add the shortcut . on older versions of adw you can also do this , but you have to use a " custom shortcut " instead . specifically , you long press on an empty space and then select Custom shortcut . then on the dialog that appears you press the Pick your activity button and select Launcher Actions-&gt;Open/close notifications . i am not aware of any way to make it appear in the homescreen menu , unfortunately . it is one of the only features i miss from sense .
this is something that has to be enabled in the kernel . some custom kernels do implement this , depending on your device .
here is qr droid private . it does not access your contact information . usually the reason they want contact access is because you can store contact information in a qr code . so when scanned , it sees that it is a contact and adds it to your contacts . without access to your contacts , it would not be able to do this . another reason is that some of the apps allow you to create qr codes from your contacts . it would need read permission to do this . here is an example of a vcard stored in a qr code : here is the data that is stored in there :
try clearing the data for the market and rebooting the phone . then log in to the market , wait a minute , then back out and continue using your phone with the internet connection active . hopefully the market should update itself within a few minutes . or , you can just download and install the . apk . i rely on android police for the latest version ; they have posted 3.9.16 here .
short answer - no . there are advanced options accessible by typing the url opera:advanced , but most of those deal with the rendering engine .
simplenote is updating all of their apps , and that also means that they have released an official android app . the official app does not require an account to use ; you can take and store notes locally on your device before signing up to the free service for cloud syncing . although third-party apps were previously available , the official option is a welcome one that gives android users an experience in line with the ios app . simplenote 's expansion to android comes just over half a year since wordpress owner automattic bought the service , pledging to improve its mobile apps . simplenote on google play
seems to have been a common problem with plantronics pro voyager series headsets , not specific to android .
yes , htc iqagent is carrier iq software .
you could use the busybox version of vi . if you are rooted then you can get it from the market and it will install pretty trivially ( example ) . then you had just need to execute vi from a terminal and you are good to go . i do not know of any installers that do not require root , but there may be one floating around somewhere that will install to /data/local or something . alternatively , you can do it the " manual " way . the following should work fine on an unrooted phone : download a buxybox binary or build it yourself ( here 's a copy of 1.16.0 hosted on cyanogenmod 's wiki ) . copy the binary over to /data/local somehow . adb is easy if you have it set up - just connect your tablet and use : adb push /path/to/busybox /data/local . you could also put it on your sd card and then move it with a file manager . you may need to use chmod to make it executable , which can be done from either a terminal emulator or an adb shell - chmod 0755 /data/local/busybox should suffice . execute vi from a terminal with /data/local/busybox vi . of course , if you just want any ol ' editor you do not have to use vi . there are a bunch in the market .
i had manually exported contacts to google csv , uploaded to google spreadsheets . edited manually table by copying comments column to phone number column , deleted extra text , upload csv to contacts again
eventually , simply uninstalling and reinstalling normally worked ! turns out data is saved this way or another .
the first one you asked about means the phone is connected in debug mode to a computer : and the phone between zig-zag lines means it is on vibration mode .
there are the two things of note that i see in your data : the instructions indicate that you should use fastboot -i 0x1949 boot u-boot.bin . this is actually not correct , because the fastboot boot command is intended for hotbooting a boot . img , not a bootloader ( they are different ) . the original xda instructions give the proper command , which is fastboot -i 0x1949 flash bootloader u-boot.bin . this will install firefirefire on your device , overwriting the stock bootloader . generally , if your kf hangs at the boot splash screen , it is stuck in fastboot mode . you can reset it to the normal boot mode by connecting it to a pc and executing fastboot -i 0x1949 oem idme bootmode 4000 and then rebooting . if you have firefirefire installed you can leave off the -i 0x1949 flag because it uses a different vendor id .
let me guess . . . you turned on gpu rendering in the developer options ? some apps that do not properly support it will do that . try turning that off . also , on an unrelated note : you can take screenshots by holding power and volume down .
the screen does not randomly turn off : it turns off after a fixed time . you can change how long before the screen turns off in the main device settings : display  sleep . this applies regardless of what app is in the foreground . if you like , you can use a third-party automation tool such as tasker or llama to change the screen timeout according to what app you are using . this question explains how . samsung phones also have a feature called " smart stay " . this activates the front-facing camera just before it turns the screen off , to check whether you are looking at the screen : if so , it leaves the screen on for a while longer . this is not a standard android feature : it was developed by samsung and only available on their phones .
according to the specifications your phone has 512mb memory , which is quite close to the lower limit for actual 3d games like n.o.v.a. 3 . because the os must read the game data into the allocated ram for the game-process ( a lot less than 512mb ) . the game-data is propably bigger than the total allocated ram space so android starts to cache the stuff internally ( internal flash space , not sd card ) . so after loading the game the sd-card class/speed is not the most important part . a faster sd-card will probably just speed up the loading progress but not the gaming experience itself .
the process has changed as of version 4.1 . you no longer have to sign out and sign back in . to switch : open the menu by swiping right or tapping the icon in the upper left tap the down arrow next to your name ( or your page 's name ) if necessary , tap " switch google+ page " tap the name of the page you want to switch to the process is the same to go back to your regular account . this is how to do it with versions 3.2 ( or the version updated 11th october depending on your device ) to 4.0 . x . to switch : sign out choose your user account ( if you have more than one ) if you have recently updated the app you may need to go through a few settings screens choose to sign in as yourself or one of your pages
after doing a lot of research around this issue , i deleted the relevant contact , and all the conversations , and after adding the contact again , everything worked ok . i believe it has something to do with having multiple copies of the same number in the messaging system . ie +447891 . . . . 07891 . . . . . 447891 . . . etc i might be completely wrong about this . but it definitely works now , on all 3 messaging apps that i have tried .
how they detect that someone is tethering a device is not something that network providers often want to talk about , for the obvious reason that the more consumers know about how this is being detected , the easier it is for them to find ways to hide the fact that they are doing it , and avoid the associated extra charges ( 1 ) . however there are certain known techniques that will give away the fact that you are currently tethering , if your service provider happens to be running the right tool to check for these indicators : your phone asks your network if tethering is allowed the first and easiest method is that some phones will query the network to check whether the current contract allows tethering , and then totally disable the tethering options on the device in software if not . this generally only happens if you are running an os version that has been customized by your provider , example 1 example 2 . your phone tells your network that you are tethering it is also rumoured that some phones have a second set of apn details saved in them by the phone network , when you enable tethering they switch over to using this second apn for all tethered traffic , while using the normal apn for traffic originating on the phone . however i have not found any concrete evidence of this , other than people finding odd apns and wondering what they are for ( bear in mind that an unlocked phone bought off-contract may have hundreds or thousands of apns stored on it , ready for use on whichever network in whichever country the eventual owner decides to use it ) . inspecting the network packets for their ttl ( time to live ) every network packet travelling across a tcp/ip network , like the internet , has a built-in time-to-live ( ttl ) set on it , so that in case there is a problem with that packet reaching its destination this will stop it travelling around the network forever clogging everything up . the way this works is that the packet starts with a ttl number ( say 128 ) set on it when it leaves the sending device ( your phone , or laptop ) , and then every time that packet travels through a router of any kind ( like your home broadband router , or a router at your isp or phone company ) that router subtracts one from the ttl ( which would decrement the ttl to 127 in this example ) , the next router it travels through will in turn decrement the ttl again , and so on , if the ttl ever reaches zero then the router it is at discards the packet and does not transmit it again . when your phone is tethering it acts like a router so , as the packet passes from your tethered laptop through your phone and onto the phone network , your phone will subtract "1" from the ttl to show that the packet has passed through its first router . the phone networks know what the expected ttls from common devices are ( for instance packets from an iphone always start at a ttl of 64 ) , and so they can spot when they are one less ( or totally different ) than they are expecting . mac address inspection devices on a tcp/ip network , like the internet , all have a unique mac id set on their network interfaces . this is made up of two halves , one half identifying the manufacturer of the interface , and the other half being a unique identifier assigned by the manufacturer ( like a serial number ) . every network packet that is sent out will have been " stamped " with the mac address of the originating device 's network port . the mac address of your laptop 's wifi card will have a very different manufacturer and serial code than the mac address of your phone 's 3g interface . tcp/ip stack fingerprinting different computer operating systems ( eg android , ios , windows , mac osx , linux , etc ) set up their tcp/ip stacks with different default values and settings ( eg the initial packet size , initial ttl , window size . . . ) . the combination of these values can give a " fingerprint " that can be used to identify what operating system is running on the originating device . a side-effect of this may mean that if you are using an uncommon os , or an os that is similar to your phone 's on your other device , your tethering may not be spotted . looking at the destination ip/url you can learn a lot by what a device regularly communicates with . for instance , many oss these days do captive portal detection when they first connect to a wifi network ( such as your wifi tether connection ) , they do this by trying to connect to a known web server across the internet , and checking to see if they get the response that they are expecting . if the expected response is not received , then it is likely that the wifi connection you are on is a " captive portal " and may need you to log in , or pay , to connect to it . as microsoft oss ( like windows vista and windows 7 check with a microsoft server by default and other oss like android , macos and so on all connect to their parent company 's servers to do these checks , it can be used as a good indication of the operating system just after the initial connection is made . additionally , if a device regularly contacts the windows update servers , then it is very likely that device is a windows pc or laptop , whereas if it regularly checks with google 's android update servers , then it is probably a phone . or if they can see that you are connecting to the apple app store , but the imei of the device that your sim card is in indicates that it is not an apple device , maybe you are tethering an ipad to an android phone ? more sophisticated systems can look at a whole range of data seeing who you are communicating with ( eg are you connecting to the facebook app 's api servers which is more likely from a phone , or to facebook 's web servers which is more likely from a pc ) and add a whole load of these indicators together to create a fingerprint that indicates what sort of device you are likely to be using . some of these fingerprints can be caught out when new device types and services come out , for instance there are reports that just after tablets with built-in 3g came out , some owners of these on the at and t network received mails warning them that they had been tethering when they had not , as the fingerprint from this new style of device did not look like a typical phone . ( 1 ) obviously before trying any methods to by-pass tethering detection please remember to check your phone contract and your phone company 's policies on tethering . they may have penalty clauses buried in their contract , fair use policy , or acceptable use policy for people who try to bypass their restrictions and limits .
you should not need to do this for the archos 70 . do you have the archos 70 internet tablet or the archos 7 home tablet ? the link you have is for the archos 7 home tablet , which is an older model . if you in fact have a generation 8 , archos 70 , here 's the link you want : http://forum.archosfans.com/viewtopic.php?f=63t=42067 all you have to do is open the apk file on your tablet .
i ended up going with teamviewer , but thanks for all the suggestions !
from the terminal , you can use svc to control several elements of your device . for mobile data , it would be : to disable : svc data disable to enable : svc data enable you can simply type svc help for a list of available commands , or svc help [command] for a list of subcommands . for example : to get the list of subcommands for controlling mobile data : svc help data to get the list of subcommands for controlling wifi : svc help wifi
your previous task manager was a samsung addition , and not part of android itself . in 2.3 onwards there is a very similar and memory usage listing . if you go into settings , then into applications and click the " running services " option , it should show you everything that is running along with how much memory it is using . there is also a small graph at the bottom showing ram used vs ram free .
it call the last number used in or out , its supposed to be a quick reconnect after a dropped call . . . the the bt is supposed to be hands free , so using the phone to select a call is none hands free ! you should be able to double tap the button and get a voice recognition control , with various occasionally funny results
the data usage screen can show both mobile data and wi-fi usage ( but only shows one by default ) . you are almost certainly seeing your wi-fi usage , 750mb does not sound unlikely for a new device that will have downloaded settings , apps , contacts , and probably os updates . if you have a sim card in your phone then the data usage app defaults to only showing mobile data usage , but there is a menu option to allow you to set it to show wi-fi data usage too . i assume that if the device has never had a sim card inserted , then it will default to showing wi-fi usage , as that is the only data usage it is used . ( screenshots from a galaxy nexus , so it should work the same way )
no , you would need an application like " where 's my droid " installed on the device and know the phone number for the device . if you sold the device , the new owner probably did a factory reset on the device so your information is no longer associated to the device . in the future , before you sell your device , you should go in and do a factory reset so you are not giving the device away with any of your information . i want to add my opinion on these apps that claim to help you find your device ( including " where 's my droid" ) if it is lost or stolen . they are great if you lost your phone in your house ( or somewhere " safe" ) but if you lost it at like a bar or if someone actually stole it , chances are you will not even be able to use this software . a factory reset can be done on any device rather quickly , which would remove your " locating software " and remove any " tie " that your accounts may have to the device . also , they require the device be on , so if someone does steal your phone , all they have to do is turn it off , and when they have a chance , do a factory reset . my best advice i can give you is to remember that these are ~$600 devices ( what you will pay off contract , or for a replacement ) so treat it like it is a ~$600 device and do not leave it laying around . i am not saying that i would ever take someones phone or anything , but i could have the device factory reset by the time i got to the door to leave . it is as easy as Menu -> Settings -> Privacy -> Factory Data Reset .
i think you are talking about expanded desktops . can not you disable it from the power menu ? image from phandroid .
this is the solution i came up with . first , it seems that album art is cached , so after deleting the offending album , closing the music player , and restarting the phone , it might still persist . in this case , leave it for a day and try again . second , go to Folder Options / View / Advanced Settings / Show hidden files and folders . and uncheck Hide protected operating system files (recommended) . delete Folder.jpg , AlbumArt.jpg , and AlbumArtSmall.jpg in the offending album 's folder ( and any other jpgs that represent the old album art . usually they have uuids for names ) . third , make sure there is an AlbumArt.jpg representing the correct album art in the album 's folder . ideally , AlbumArt.jpg should be a perfect square . fourth , try copying the album 's folder back to the phone . if everything in the first step was tried and the album art has not changed , i would suggest changing the album 's name . technically , you are adding a new album at this point , but at least it will have the right album art .
too bad android se is not as active as other se sites , just did a nandroid restore from when i just installed the rom and so far i have not set up titanium backup . well that'll teach me . . . at least it boots again .
i was able to solve this , but it is not pretty . following the advice in this thread , i applied a hack to the radio that gets wireless tether working . edit : i can confirm this exact procedure will also work on a droid x . download and install radiocomm . it worked fine on windows 7 x64 . open radiocom . this was the first time i opened the app , and a splash screen asked for me to " select which ma to use . " i could not find the ma mentioned in the thread in this list , so i just selected 3g all others ( or something like that ) . open the main menu , select ma , common , mdm 6x00 chipset base . open the settings menu , select usb , pst usb driver . connect phone to computer via usb . change the phone 's usb connection mode to pc mode . the radio detection icon on the right side of radiocomm will turn green . scroll to the p2k 4 tab . in the stelem / rdelem section , tick the dec entries radio box . in the text boxes , enter : Element ID: 8040 Record #: 1 Offset: 0 Length: 128  press RDELEM . it will turn green and the following data should appear : change Element ID to 8041 . press STELEM . it will turn green . change Element ID to 8091 . press STELEM . change the phone 's usb connection mode to charge only . reboot the phone . install wifi tether 3.1-beta6 . in wifi tether 's settings , change the device profile to motorola droidx ( cdma ) . ( droid2 does not work . ) this is a good time to set your ssid and encryption as well . done . you can now tether . in case you need to revert the changes we just made , here 's the original values : ( these are the same on a d2g and droid x ) 8041: 8091:
you could use widgetlocker and have a shortcut on your lockscreen to your camera . i have not personally tried this , but it should technically work .
according to the official bug report here , starting at about post 26 , it seems the sentiment is that this is a hardware issue . i have contacted verizon and they are shipping me a replacement . i will update the question again if this does not permanently resolve the issue . http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=23789q=label%3apriority-mediumcolspec=id%20type%20status%20owner%20summary%20stars
there is only one possible way to restore your device after unmounting system and/or bricking it . and that is to flash ( via odin ) the original stock firmware in a file named : pda_hc31_eg01ba_ap352081user_cp1033580_lte20110704_0708 . tar nothing else will work . only this one file will be able to unbrick this device . the procedure is quite easy . on the device hold volume up + power select odin mode ( right icon ) connect usb to device and computer on the computer download and run odin 1.85 ( this is important because diff versions of odin support diff files ) check off pda and select the above tar file click start ( 3 boxes should be checked , 2 default and pda ) the odin software will then transfer the stock firmware to the device and shut off when the transfer is finished . user must boot up the device again . when the device boots up , it will automatically install the firmware . the device is now officially unbricked .
yes , you should buy a nexus one or a nexus s . if you buy another phone like e.g. htc wildfire , you can not easily get the " vanilla " android .
enable usb debugging and download the sdk tools . then it is super easy : note that on my device , it is ARMv7 , and has ( among other features ) vfp support .
samsung has two types of mhl cable : an 11-pin one for their more recent phones , and a 5-pin one for their older phones . the 5-pin one is standard and will work on non-samsung phones . the 11-pin one only works on newer samsung phones . third-party manufacturers tend to also sell both kinds , so look at which phones the cable says it is for . if it says it is for samsung galaxy s4 , or if it is y-shaped with a second usb output , then it is an 11-pin one and will not work with your phone . see my other answer on how does mhl work ? to learn more about the difference .
i would suggest using a utility such as titaniumbackup to completely back-up all your applications and your data . it will be stored on your sd card so that you can restore them all after you have installed your new rom , and you would not even notice that it was gone .
on ubuntu , your device needs to be manually identified to the udev system : as root : create or edit /etc/udev/rules.d/51-android.rules and add this line : SUBSYSTEM=="usb", SYSFS{idVendor}=="0502\u2033, MODE="0666"  then : # chmod a+rx /etc/udev/rules.d/51-android.rules # restart udev udev start/running, process 3793  this works for my sidekick on my ubuntu 10.04 system .
what you need is the headset blocker widget - install it and then put it up on your home screen as a widget and then toggle it on . now , whenever you unplug your headphones , the music player will stop playing . try it and see if it works . btw , meridian player has an in-built option to disallow resuming playback after a phone call .
i got an update from htc tech support on this one . tl ; dr search for a software update and you should hopefully find 1.29 . once this is installed you will be able to connect again fine . quoted below dear david , thank you for your patience . i would recommend backing up your data and performing a factory reset , to do this please follow these steps : if your phone is tied to a google account , your contacts , calendar events , downloaded apps , wireless settings can be backed up , if you have entered your google account details in the initial set-up screens . please go to , menu , settings , accounts and sync , tap on your google account , then tap ' sync now ' you will see some spinning circular arrows for a short while , this just means your data is being saved to google . when the arrows have finished spinning , the data has been backed-up ( double check this ) . or back up your contacts to the s . d card ( for android 2.1 or later ) by following these steps ; from the home screen tap all applications . scroll to and tap people . tap menu . tap import/export . tap export to sd card . select which contact group to export ( phone , google , sim etc . ) . tap ok . available from the android market is a free application to enable you to back up your sms messages if desired . now your phone is backed up we can perform the hard reset , all data will be lost that is not backed up on your s . d/sim cards or online will be lost . hard reset on android from the home screen , press the menu key> tap settings> tap sd and phone storage> tap factory data reset> tap reset phone . the reason i have asked you to do this is because though it may seem a bit extreme this is the best method for dealing with your problem . once this has been done please manually search for an update . i did not actually do the reset , i simply searched for software updates and found the new update , installed it and all was well . i would recommend this first before you wipe your phone !
i have solved the problem in a direct way . i have restored the phone to the factory state , and it worked . and i am convinced it is because of z4root ! i have tried the second time and the result was the same . be careful when you root the galaxy 3 samsung i5800 with z4root .
your carrier determine a social network by his hostname or ip as said in comment , not with a specific application . but there is sometimes where this feature does not work with apps ( some apps use proxy , do not know if this is the case for facebook or twitter . . . ) . an other case is this only work on the carrier 's website ( if they provide social network functions directly on their site ) , but it would be said on your carrier 's offer . anyway this is only determined by the ip or hostname . you can not do that by designate an app with a certain programming function . . .
android jelly bean has extended emoji support . there are various possibilities to type emoji by yourself : install an emoji keyboard and enable the language switch button on your default keyboard , to fast switch to the emoji keyboard . for example : new emoji keyboard use a messaging app which has in-app emoji support ( obsolete since android 4 . x+ supports it by default ) , like whatsapp or handcent sms or other 3rd party sms replacements you can enable basic emoji on android 4.1 jelly bean : simply go into settings > language and input > android keyboard ( settings ) > add-on dictionaries > emoji for english words . you may have to go back into add-on dictionaries , click refresh and install again . now , whenever you type out one of the emoji keywords in the regular android keyboard , you should see an auto-complete suggestion for an emoji icon . ( this is for aosp android , it may not work on custom roms or samsung/htc/lg/sony etc ) if your rom does not support the above possibilities , then maybe obtain root and install emoji font updater ( root ) to get natively supported emojis , but yeah you already have native emoji support as i understand from your question so this is mainly obsolete and i just write it if other readers wanna try : ) emoji keywords : up , down , left , right , star , smile , voltage , warning , victory , wheelchair , five-eighths , seven-eighths , liter , soccer , woman , man , telephone , phone , flat , sharp , note , multiplication , plus , minus , divide , snowflake , flower , question , exclamation , circle , paper , rock , scissors , arrow , baseball , soccer , golf , fahrenheit , celsius , degree , aries , taurus , gemini , cancer , leo , virgo , libra , scorpius , sagittarius , capricorn , aquarius , pisces , phone , telephone , airplane , sailboat , aleph , king , queen , bishop , knight , rook , pawn , church , temple , differential , plus , minus , multiplication , divide , trademark , male , female , five-eighths , seven-eighths , one-thirds , two-thirds , happy , heart , star , hourglass , infinity , integral , reference , sharp , flat , wheelchair , warning , voltage , victory
it seems like it fixed by itself . . . now can see the full size picture in my post on google + without doing anything more . my guess is : it uploaded a sample sized version of the picture in order to share my post instantaneously while the full picture was still uploading . . . anymore informations on this from anyone would be nice . thanks : )
well , i will be damned . it seems that google now refuses to run on a rooted device , but it just does not say so . the vendor had installed an app to enable rooting of the device . i would played around with it , but root access was disabled after the first upgrade of miui . i did not really miss root access , to be honest , so it let it be . ziggo ( my cable tv provider ) 's tv-watching app did refuse to let me watch tv , though , because it claimed that i was not using " an original operating system " . recently , i tried uninstalling the ( chinese ) root manager app -- i can not read chinese anyway . uninstalling turned out to be impossible , but after clicking around a bit , and disabling most things i saw , suddenly google now became available ! and ziggo suddenly allowed me to watch tv on my device ! so apparently , google now refuses to run on a rooted device ! ziggo 's tv-watching app was more honest : at least it told me it refused to operate on a rooted device . .
you can side-load any android app provided you have the apk . however , by default these phones do not come pre-installed with google 's core applications like the play store . but you can " hack " the devices and install google apps . needless to say it will void warranty and root access is required . there is this guide in xda forums that should help people install google services on their nokia x device .
so i just looked at the firmware for my samsung vibrant , you do not actually need to mount the image -- i was thinking of the recovery image or a nandroid backup . the firmware ( rom ) should be in a zip file , which you can open up and go to /system/app/ and grab the camera . apk . i would put it on your phone 's sd card , then use root explorer or similar to copy it into /system/app/ on your device and overwrite the current one ( which you may want to back up first ) . you can check out my answer to another question for info on mounting , but you should not have to do that : )
yes overworking the cpu is what creates the intense heat , this intense heat is detected by the os and shutdowns the phone to protect your hardware . ( a pc works just the same ) .
i found the solution : assuming you have debugging mode enabled , you have to change the usb settings to internet connection : modem or ethernet . keeping it on charge phone , media sync , or camera does not enable debugging .
you can not do this because : there is only one google services framework running for all accounts . google accounts credentials are stored centrally from where google apps authenticate . but , there is a way to solve your issue : turn on imap from gmail settings . and , use imap in default email app or k-9 mail app . done ! play store can not see it . .
that very much depends how and where you place the " secret " , and what other conditions/restrictions are in place . network storage ( such as cloud services or email ) e.g. require a network connection to be present , and the transfer might be noticed . a local copy might not have the copy-process noticed , but the copies could be found , in most times easily when using a file explorer . your " secret act " might also indicate infringment on a 3rd persons privacy ( if only your own photos are involved , then why the secrecy ? ) , which not only would be indecent , but also may incur a penalty ( no accusing , just a hint ) . but assuming completely legal application , there might be a few options available : photocopy backups photos to email . the app 's description states : " when the program runs , there is no indication at all " photo auto uploader automatically uploads pictures to picasa or facebook after pictures are captured auto uploader does the same for configured services foldersync can synchronize your photo 's folder ( and of course others ) periodically in the background -- to cloud services as well as to your home computer there are more apps for each of the mentioned categories . there may also be some to create local copies , but i am not aware of any at this time .
root in linux ( or any unix-like system ) is just the user with user id 0 . the su program ( which actually stands for " switch user " , not " super user" ) is just a program to start another program with a different user id than the starting program ( by default to uid 0 , which is to user root ) . android does not use the traditional /etc/passwd , however it still uses linux user id and group id for managing permissions . if you want to intercept su requests so you can ask for password or enforce other rules , you will need to replace /sbin/su with your own version of su . alternative approach is the one described here : http://www.koushikdutta.com/2008/11/fixing-su-security-hole-on-modified.html though that will require applications to cooperate by firing an intent when they want to switch user . android security framework is more or less like this : each installed application runs on its own user id ( selected at installation time ) , and application permissions is implemented as user groups . can i change the root password after rooting my android device by simply typing " passwd " ? android does not use /etc/passwd so it also does not have passwd program . how is the rooting process working ? i mean what is the " one click root " apps doing to my phone ? i am not quire sure with the exact process myself , you probably want to ask to rooting developers . however , my guess is it just reverts the security check that originally prevent developer from setuid 0 . and im a developer , so how can i find hidden apis ( like ios ) for rooted app development ? since android is open source , there is no truly hidden api in android . however , there are some unpublicized or undocumented apis , you can browse for this in android 's source code . however , these apis are not about root developments , they are usually in-development apis that are not ready yet or is too localized for specific purpose that is not useful for public developer ( or perhaps google just have not realized their usefulness yet ) . you are not restricted from using these apis , but since these are not an officially supported apis , they may disappear or break backward compatibilities in the future . if you need to use these apis make sure your app breaks gracefully .
google 's support page provides this option : to reboot your google tv : to reboot your sony tv or bluray player or your logitech revue , press control + alt + backspace on your controller . if you had adb connected you could also try adb reboot , which works on other devices .
the free app android llama can do this . best of all it is not required to use the energy-expensive gps-receiver but can do the same also with " wlan-ids-in-reach " and " cell-phone-masts-in-reach " as alternative .
alright , i managed to get it work . i hooked up a octopus usb extension to a micro usb cable on one end , and an usb keyboard on the other end . i booted the phone and then pressed enter , ##pin##code## , enter on the usb keyboard and the device unlocked . this took a few tries as i was going in blindly . then i unplugged the usb cord , then plugged in a micro usb cable that was connected to my computer ( ubuntu 14.04 ) . the phone showed up w/o any problems and i was able to grab files from the on-board storage . one thing i had to do was constantly keep pressing the back button on the device to prevent it from locking . at the end of it all , i successfully extracted 4gb worth of pictures .
the sync options are located within the facebook app itself in settings . for example , photo sync options are located under Account &gt; App Settings &gt; Sync Photos .
powered it off and on again , the camcorder app works again now . i feel silly for not having thought to try that earlier . . . .
i have never used it , but here 's one : osmand open-source osm-based gps app with online/offline capabilities and audible navigation . online : maps , routing , search , edit osm poi/bugs . offline : search poi , address , transport , map cache .
sure it can be done . i never used this feature , so i am not sure whether there is an option for " a simple icon " , but you should take a look at the " bookmark widget": first , start your browser and create a bookmark for the page you want to link to . second , go to your homescreen , long-tap on a free space ( where you want the link to be ) , select " widgets " , and then watch out for the " bookmark widget " . tap it , select your bookmark , et voila ! there should be a shortcut on your homescreen . alternative to the second step : while still in your browser , go to " bookmarks " , long-tap the bookmark you created , and select " add to homescreen " ( source : androidcentral ) . more alternatives : is it possible to create a url link to a website on the home screen ? pinning web sites to android homescreen check the many bookmark widgets available at google play use the tasker app to create a shortcut ( not that easy when trying tasker for the first time , as it is quite complex  but here i am pretty sure it will be an icon . and as side-effect , you have got the mightiest automation tool available for android : ) to do the similar thing to open a file with an associated app , depending on the launcher used , explained using an example : go to your homescreen long press an empty space where the icon should be placed in the opening menu , select " shortcut " select your file manager ( this will not work with all file managers ; in my example , i used es file explorer , which perfectly serves this case ) now navigate to the file you want to create a shortcut for ( in my example , i selected an epub ebook ) the icon should appear on your homescreen . now , tapping that icon , either your ebook reader opens directly ( if only one is installed , or you have made it the default to " always use" ) , or , as in my case , a popup asks you to chose the app to be used ( e . g . aldiko , moon+ reader , fbreader ) .
it is due to noise cancellation was on during a call . i turn noise cancellation off now it works fine .
look under settings > accessibility for talkback or something similar . also check under settings of individual apps - phone/dialer and messaging . finally check to ensure that driving mode has not been recently enabled . that might also be the cause . look under settings > voice input
there is no submit button . just hit the back button and lock your phone to see the result .
there is not a specific android os upgrade policy . if it is a nexus device and it can handle the latest version of android it will get the latest version of android from google . other than that it is up to manufacturers to update drivers and their specific customized version of android for their own devices and then it is up to the carriers to approve those updates and release them to users ' phones . apple has only one phone basically and they release updates on what seems to be a yearly basis and update is done via their own service , not restricted by carriers .
well , that turned out to be so easy that i did not found any documentation about that . what you have to do is to long press the keyboard keys just as you do in a soft keyboard , it will show a popup with diacritics you can use for that letter ( in the image you can see what happens when you long press letter " u" ) . then click on the button corresponding to the character you want to use or the close button to exit . ( this image contains icons from farm fresh icons by fatcow web hosting ) note that not all letters have this behavior , in which case at long pressing they repeat as normally do elsewhere .
there are some bugs reported in the xperia p jelly bean update 6.2.A.0.400 . even if it is suggested to perform a factory reset , the problem has not seemed to have fully solved . so your problem will not most probably be fixed until sony releases a new version with bug fixes ( and it might take some time ) note : since you are mainly concerned with your gaming apps , you might need to check the incompatibilities from the google play store .
long tap the colornotes app , then it should be in the home screen . let me know if you already tried this .
do you have either app moved to the sd card ( using froyo ) ? if yes , then you need to move then back . the apps are not loading when the phone boots , so the phone is reverting to what is currently available on boot ( stock sms/keyboard ) . you have to remember : with cyanogenmod , it will let you move any app to sd card , regardless of whether the app is set to allow you or not . i made a similar mistake with swype .
you can use the same app that i found for my problem to fix yours : custom locale just install it and then select russian as your predefined language and you are good to go mate .
sunpech is correct about that . however , it does not quite work in the way you are envisioning it . your groups in your google contacts do not sort your contacts in your phone , instead you are simply able to specify to android which of those groups you want synced . when you are in your contact list ( in android ) you can hit menu and go to " display options " and choose your preferences there . the actual appearance of the " display options " screen will vary depending on your version of android , but ultimately , you will be able to choose which groups to include in your contacts , and even specify to only display those with phone numbers . i hope this clears things up for you .
well , only if your rooted . you would manually have to install the g-apps recovery update zip . if you tell me your country and phone type , i can provide a link , or you can see all available versions here : gapps downloads
cyanogenmod has a barebones list of apps and the relative safety of uninstalling each . while it is for cm roms , the list will be pretty similiar for the droid . fyi , if verizon ever releases any ota updates in the future for your phone , they will not install if you do not have the stock apps installed . usually you are better off ' freezing ' them with titanium backup .
no , this is not possible . in order for your device to be in debug mode/ connect to the computer with the debug cable , it needs to be connected as a slave device . the otg cable tells the tablet to go into host mode . so now your computer is telling your tablet to be a slave but through the enumeration with the otg cable the tablet believes it needs to be the master , there is a quarrel and it appears the tablet wins and is the master and thus your computer does not acknowledge the tablets existence . if you need the debugging tools have you looked into adv wireless debugging ? ( sorry i can not find the link right now but i have used it in the past and know it is somewhere on the developer . android . com site ) i could not find the link so i figured out how to do it again : 1 ) open the command prompt and navigate to your sdk/platform-tools/ folder . 2 ) type adb tcpip 5555 3 ) type adb connect &lt;your device ip address&gt;:5555 4 ) at this point you unplug your device and type adb logcat 5 ) at times , such as unplugging/plugging into a usb device , the logcat will become disconnected , just redo steps 3 and 4 .
no , the battery does not care how it got charged in terms of a given charge . it just takes longer when using your pc because it is getting less current from the pc than the ac charger . here 's a post on android forums which suggests that the current coming from the pc is significantly less than the ac charger . the forum posts list 100ma or 500ma for the pc 's usb port vs . 1000ma from the ac charger ; these numbers could be off but the point is correct . i also found this regarding the same phenomenon with the iphone 4 . so using the ac charger is just a matter of whether you want the phone to charge quicker or not .
make a full backup , wipe everything , remove memory cards if present , send for repairs , restore backup after you receive . this is neither difficult nor time-consuming if you use something like nandroid backup . http://www.addictivetips.com/mobile/how-to-perform-and-restore-a-nandroid-backup/
there is a list of things one can do to improve battery life . the easiest ( attention , black humor ) is turning the device off , next to switching it to airplane mode . in general these two things are not worth a consideration -- but with all things operable , i have seen no smartphone yet lasting more than 2 days . my old htc buzz currently makes it a week ( 7 days , and still 40%+ left ) -- but it neither has a sim card inserted , nor wifi enabled ( so you see , most energy goes for being permanent online ; i just carry the buzz as backup , since i did not yet transfer all apps to my new phone ) . my motorola droid 2 ends up at about 70% at the end of the day ( after about 17h runtime ; so it would basically last ~2 days ) , and i am not really doing that much . but to provide something useful , here comes a short ( and incomplete ) list : one of the largest energy consumer is the display -- so this area is where you can save most : make the display timeout as small as possible ( and just as large as needed ) . 30s is a good value . you probably do not need 100% brightness , so turn it down as low as possible . handicap : if it is not bright enough when you need it , it is hard to find the appropriate setting . on some devices/roms some toggle-switches are integrated into the status area ( if not , there are apps to do this ) , so you can blindly draw it down and hit the correct corner to toggle it up . at least on the motorola droid , there is one consumer clearly topping the display using twice as much : umts up/download . so if you do not really need to constantly transfer big data , or rely on umts as there is no gsm available ( unlikely ) , switch 3g off and force your phone to gsm mode . not relevant for data only , but also for talk ( just with less energy difference ) . wifi is also a main consumer -- even in standby . so when not needed , switch it off ( same for bluetooth ) . as we are in this category : though often suggested , gps standby is not worth mentioning -- as long as it stays standby . only problem here are apps that will then make use of it for localized ads and the like . so if you rarely use gps , just turn it off as well . i could almost write a book on this , as there would be so much more to be mentioned . so just some little additional hints concerning apps which might be of assistance : battery saver has an interesting concept : running a service in the background , it regularly checks the systems report on the strength of cell and wifi signal ( the system updates those data either , so that is no costly action ) . finding one ( or both ) of them too weak to be useful ( e . g . if you are sitting in a bunker , or some faraday box ) , it switches them completely off -- and checks in intervals whether it makes sense to turn them back on . this is especially useful if you often experience " dead zones " , where your cell radio would then power up to max , desperately trying to find some cell tower . and talking about " limiting your smartphone experience " makes no sense here : you either get no contact , as thee 's no signal ; ) juicedefender is available in multiple versions ( ranging from basic to plus to ultimate ) , and some hold it very high . it tries to save energy in several ways -- the best known being to " stutter " your data , by switching off all background sync , only permitting it in intervals . it offers much more possibilities , also depending on the version used . again , these are only very basic hints -- there is much more one could do . so you could use some profile apps like e.g. tasker or easyprofiles , timeriffic or llama -- to adjust your settings based on different situations . so you can e.g. put your android device to airplane mode when you sleep ( time based ) , adjust screen timeout when reading ( "when runs" ) , switch wifi off/on when leaving/returning home ( location based ) , and many other things . guess you have got the idea : ) edit : if you are still awake at this point , and like to read more , checkout what can i do to increase battery life on my android device ?
i found this app " onavo " . i did not try it but maybe you want to ; ) i read that you can set the limit in the data usage settings . but i do not find the settings , maybe because i use stock rom . hope this answer could help you .
i am using a nexus 5 and using next launcher as the app launcher . just counted the apps in one of my folders and noticed that it has 13 apps inside ( and can fit more as it uses the general swipe command for the next list within the same folder ) . . . presuming stock launcher your using ? try a different one like next or nova ? ?
usb otg compatibility is more dependent on the kernel than the actual operating system . if the stock kernel does not support it , then it will ( most likely ) only be a matter of time until a custom kernel is released that has this functionality . if you were to purchase it , remember that the tablet can only give 5v of power to the device - this stops you from using things such as portable hard drives with the device , which require a large power input . you would be best asking on a dedicated rom'ing forum such as xda-developers to find out if the stock kernel supports usb otg , and if not , a custom kernel can be made to support it . please be aware , that you will need an app that allows you to use the usb otg support .
a bit of a hack . thanks to an answer in the gis.stackexchange.com, i was able to contact the owner of a web mashup ( driven by a google spreadsheet ) who created an kml export link . http://tables.googlelabs.com/exporttable?query=select+col3%2ccol1%2ccol2%2ccol4%2ccol5%2ccol6%2ccol7%2ccol8%2ccol9%2ccol10%2ccol11%2ccol12%2ccol13%2ccol14%2ccol15%2ccol16%2ccol17%2ccol18+from+261434+o=kmllinkg=col17 copy/pasting this link into the search box in google maps on my droid displayed the rest areas on the map . there is a limit to the number of points the map will display out the kml , so if you are zoomed out too far , you will only get a cluster of points . so make sure you are zoomed in close enough--having a few states visible should still work and be no problem . when the map points load , the extent changes . i guess it is to the extent of all the points that were loaded from the kml .
looks like there are several options . here are a couple of the more popular apps : wififofum appbrain description : wififofum scans for 802.11 wifi networks and displays information about each including : ssid , mac , rssi , channel , and security . wififofum also allows you to connect to networks you find and log the location using the gps . kml logs can be emailed . wifi scanner appbrain description : *no ads *option to connect added for open networks ! ! ! *update comming soon a free wifi scanner for wireless networks for android . the wifi signal is displayed in dbm format ! if you are looking to sniff traffic try : shark for root appbrain description : traffic sniffer , works on 3g and wifi ( works on froyo tethered mode too ) . to open dump use wireshark or similar software , for preview dump on phone use shark reader . based on tcpdump . please leave comments/send e-mail if you have any problems/suggestions .
complete android guide is a pretty good introduction/starting point for free on the website , available as an ebook or an app on the market . http://completeandroidguide.com/
this happened to me previously . all i did was just wait and it eventually updated to play store .
the problem can be fixed by removing the other apps that are available to be used . after all if there is only one option , that has to be the default right ? a good tool for this is titanium backup . it is for root users so if you do not have root you will have to find some other way of removing the app ( adb would probably be your best option if you refuse to root your phone )
unfortunately , there is no way to disable that . sony is using a proprietary dialer that has that function hard-coded into it . without using a custom rom , there is no way around it . i know this because i have experience with this on samsung devices ( they also have a bar near the bottom that allows to reject with text ) , and having heavy proficiency with android , outside of somehow recompiling the dialer apk and using your knowledge of java to find the entry , remove it , and recompile , there is unfortunately nothing you can do .
yes , it has hspa+ which is what t-mobile 's "4g " actually stands for . this article on androidauthority should help you understanding why it does not have lte .
it is not " officially " supported , but if you take a look at xda forum you will surely find some unofficial builds . here 's a link to one
apparently wep support is thoroughly broked in android 2.0.1 and above . http://answerguy.com/2009/12/11/android-2-0-1-update-breaks-droid-wi-fi-wep-encryption/ http://www.droidforums.net/forum/droid-general-discussions/1253-wifi-problem.html ( also includes a possible fix for wep by disabling/enabling the router firewall , though i have not tried it and ain't gonna . . . ) http://www.draconos.com/blog/2009/11/19/wifi-on-the-droid http://www.611connect.com/howto/merben_how-to-enable-wi-fi-on-the-motorola-droid ( comments ) ( also suggests that , if you initially upgrade to wpa to get it working , you can later drop back to wep and it will continue to work . . . ) http://www.google.com/support/forum/p/android/thread?tid=130d8d289ec5c8f2hl=en that said , wpa is a better choice all around anyway .
as i noted in a comment , one thing to be aware of is that ( typically ) the order of the partitions matters . android basically only looks at the first partition in the table , so you need to make sure the fat one is first on the disk and the ext2/3/4 one is second . otherwise android will see the ext partition and will not know what to do with it .
i did resolve this issue eventually . i use app protector pro on the main account of the device , but it is not installed in the second user . somehow having this enabled on the primary account disrupts the screen ordering on the second and subsequent users . it occurred to me that this might be the case , and testing has proved it so . you need to disable app protector pro to resolve .
you can use an tasker to kill apps when you launch your game . and you are also able to do the opposite , when your game gets closed , tasker can initialize other apps . you may use the trial version to test this , but i believe that better results can only be achieved with root . tasker tasker by crafty apps available from google play store ( 4,49 ) from their website you have a free 14-day trial download .
prior to android 4.0 ( aka ice cream sandwich ) it is called " droid " , and comes in serif ( regular , bold , italic , bold italic ) , sans ( regular , bold ) , and sans mono variants . a new font family " roboto " was released with 4.0 . wikipedia article on droid ( font ) google+ post on roboto
i managed to make it sound by writing to /dev/msm_pcm_out : mplayer something.mp3 -ao pcm:file=/dev/msm_pcm_out  sound is choppy and it looks hacky in general . video output is something like -vo fbdev:/dev/graphics/fb0 .
i think : if you can find an rss feed for it , you can add it to google reader , and put it in the " listen podcasts " folder . that should make it magically sync on your phone . i think .
let me know if this helps , no lock
since you already had cm10 installed , you should be having the zip file with you . if you do not have it , you can download it from the previous source and place it in your sd card . if you do not have and do not know the source from where you already downloaded , you can try the one from where i had downloaded ( courtesy ) . the reason i am trying to stick to your previous download is that these zip files are unofficial cm builds and are compiled from same source by many developers , each adding their own bells and whistles and most importantly bug fixes . hence you already know what is working and what is not with your previous rom which will avoid you any nasty last minute surprises . as far as the rom that i am using , apart from what is mentioned in the blog , google location service is not working . which means that news and weather app , google maps etc will not get your location without gps . after deciding which rom zip file to use , place the zip file in sd card and switch off the phone . please backup whatever you want as the following steps is going to erase all except the sd card contents . reboot your phone into recovery mode . to do this , press and hold home button , volume down button and while holding both down , power on the device . do not release the home and volume down button until you see the cyanogenmod recovery console . then simply follow the steps as said in the blog .
try settings > applications > manage applications . all > network location > clear data .
yes , just use adb over usb and run adb shell . see http://developer.android.com/guide/developing/tools/adb.html#shellcommands
tasker is a pretty awesome app that basically lets you write little apps/functionality , yourself . a simple solution , using tasker , is as follows : create a new tasked called ' missedcall ' for the '1st context ' choose state> missed call . click ok click done task selection , choose new task name it ' getridofmissedcalls ' . ok click add , choose phone > call log . click done click the + button to add another task choose app > go home . click done click done , again your task is now setup and you should be in the tasker profile list , click apply . basically what happens is that when you have a missed call tasker will open up the call log list , which will get rid of the notification , tasker will then return you to your home screen . i assume that most of you missed calls occur when the phone is in your pocket etc . so hopefully the behaviour of returning to the home screen is ok . there will be a system flag for missed calls , and if i could find out what it is then we could just get tasker to switch the flag to false ( or missed call count =0 ) , which would be a more elegant solution to the problem .
it looks like the crew over at xda are already on it : xda ouya main page ouya general discussion about the ouya android game console ( general , tips and tricks , etc ) ouya q and a , help and troubleshooting for all of your questions relating to the ouya android game console ouya android development android development for the ouya game console
they are most of the time baked right into the monolithic linux kernel ( or sometimes available as loadable . ko kernel modules located in /system/lib/modules/ ) . note : linux kernel modules are build-specific and cannot be interchanged across devices , different firmware versions . see the wikipedia entry for linux kernel modules
enabling usb debugging essentially starts up the adb daemon on your device , which allows it to communicate with adb on another device to enable debugging commands . it is used when developing and debugging applications , and allows you ( primarily ) to : transfer data between a computer and your device ( both ways ) read log data easily from logcat debug applications , including breakpoints and heap monitoring install and uninstall applications access a stripped-down shell on the device , for command-line interaction . leaving it enabled all the time will have a negligible impact on battery , if any at all . some other things to consider about leaving it on ( or not ) : pro : if your device has a hardware problem that prevents you from accessing the screen , usb debugging could be helpful in recovering data ( especially on a rooted device ) . pro : you can install applications , reboot your device , and generally do some other convenient things without having to actually interact with your device physically , even with the screen locked/off . pro : on a rooted device it may be possible to regain entry if you have forgotten the screen lock password/pin/pattern ( also a potential con , see below ) . pro : you can take advantage of port forwarding over usb debugging to use tethering apps like pdanet ( i believe that is how it is implemented since it does require it ) . con : if your device is lost or stolen , an unscrupulous individual could attempt to steal data from the device regardless of whether or not you have got a screen lock . if you are rooted , they can get pretty much everything . con : i recall reading that some devices can have trouble with accessing the sd card as a mass storage device when usb debugging is enabled . i have personally never seen this issue , but i have seen people allege that it was a problem . see also : using hardware devices from the android sdk documentation which discusses debugging applications on physical devices ( rather than the emulator ) . there is also a documentation page regarding the android debug bridge ( adb ) which explains its purpose and its commands .
according to this : http://www.modaco.com/topic/370148-mwc-2014-sony-xperia-tablet-z2-hands-on/ and on this video : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qjut4zawqqw#t=172 ( at 2:51 ) so lte versions are capable of making and recieving phone calls .
the boot-loader code is stored within the /boot partition . majority of android handsets uses the qualcomm 's boot loader , called lk ( little kernel ) , barring samsung , which uses their own form of boot-code . lk has the following : variety of nand devices for bootup usb driver to enable upgrading images over usb during development keypad driver to enable developers enter fastboot mode for image upgrades display driver for debugging and splash screen enable android recovery image and image upgrades this applies to only , qualcomm chipsets hence the exemption of samsung based handsets there is a website blog that cites this from source the actual source code , if anyone is curious enough , can be found on codeaurora site . this is known as caf , in which a lot of qualcomm specific code for kernels can be found in . as a side-note : google releases source to aosp , caf , pulls from them , modifies it to make it fit within qualcomm chipsets , then the manufacturers pull those down and add their own bits , it is that for the reason there is , aosp , caf and cyanogenmod that are the main three flavours of android . the actual source code to the boot-loader can be found on caf 's git repository , and has not changed much , it can also be found in cyanogenmod 's source , specifically in , /bootable/bootloader also .
user dictionary manager might be what you are looking for . from the description : udm is an application that allows you to edit/export/import/delete/clean the user dictionary words found on your android phone .
i tried a lot of things . i think switching usb cables made a difference . after i switched and tried the vol down button holding while inserting the usb cable , the phone was recognized in emma but it was locked . but i was able to make flash mode work . so i retried pc companion , the update option which mentions resetting the phone/having trouble which opens a new menu . there i had to download the latest firmware first and then i had to do the vol down thing again after which it started installing the firmware on the phone . emma and pc companion are sony software .
i encountered the same issues sometimes and i could not detect it without trying to make a phone call . i then went into the parameters panel , into the mobile network part . there , i force the phone to select my operator ( and remove the auto-detection option ) . since this modification , when i am disconnected from gsm network i have a little warning sign ( grey triangle with a white exclamation point inside ) in the notification toolbar . to force reconnection , i go in the same menu and force the phone to search available networks , i select mine and it is ( almost every time ) reconnected .
as long as it is the exact same model ( be very careful here , since nexus 5 has gsm and cdma models ) your plan will work . if you are planning to unlock your phone 's bootloader , root it and install a custom recovery and rom , it is easily done with nandroid . on original nexus 5 you run nandroid backup . using adb pull copy the newly created backup directory to your pc ( the path will be different depending on the recovery you are using . ) unlock the bootloader of your new nexus 5 . boot into your new phone and enable usb debugging . now hook it up via usb and accept the authorization prompt . this is a very important step . do not skip this , otherwise adb will refuse to connect to the phone , even in recovery . install same version of custom recovery as you were using on your original nexus 5 . using adb push copy the backup folder you retrieved in step 2 from your pc onto the new phone . on the new phone boot into recovery and run nandroid restore . keep in mind that nandroid does not back up or restore the contents of media storage ( /sdcard ) , so you will need to copy those files manually ( adb pull/push works quite well , or you can use other methods as izzy mentioned in the comments ) . if you cannot ( or do not want to ) unlock the bootloader , you may want to look into using adb backup tool . however , this method also has its down sides ( e . g . sms messages are not backed up or restored , failure to back up some media , etc . )
in order for the voice actions to successfully set the alarm the device must contain an app that implements the android.intent.action.SET_ALARM intent . ( read more in the documentation of android . provider . alarmclock . ) there is no guarantee that your device contains such an app ( unless it is a stock android ) . the situation is worse on samsung galaxy s ii ( with ics ) which by default comes with samsung 's own clock app which seems to handle the intent but actually does not , i.e. in response to the voice action a blank clock window pops up and no alarm is set . so voice actions will not even find out that the alarm setting task was not carried out . the only app that i am aware of that properly handles this intent and can be used with voice actions is alarm clock plus . it is likely that there are more such apps but android market does not make finding them easy , because it does not offer a search-by-intent feature . . .
it is the blur tool . you can apply linear or radial blur with this tool . ( more details in the instagram help center ) this tool is mostly used to simulate tilt-shift effect ( used by photographers to highlight a plane or exaggerate a minimal depth-of-field ) .
yes of course , so long as you have access to that database . if we are talking about mobile phone apps , then most will have an embedded sqlite database or equivalent . these typically are " stand alone " databases that do not have user authentication to access , you simply need access to the file ( "someapp . db " , or " someapp . sqlite " , etc ) and the proper utility installed to read it ( sqlite version 3 for example ) . on linux you would do something like sudo yum install sqlite -y sqlite3 someapp . db and it will open the database and you can issue all your sql commands from there . keep in mind some apps go through lengths to " hide " or otherwise make their database impossible for average-joe to access and get into . edit : also , on android specifically there is an app in the market ( paid , like $3 i think ) called " sqlite editor " that allows you to browse all found sqlite databases on the phone and edit them if desired .
you could also try mtpfs or gmtp . mtpfs allows to mount the mtp device as a filesystem , while gmtp is a standalone program . over at askubuntu there is an answer that shows how to use mtpfs .
i have solved my own problem today and i would like to provide the solution for others that might encounter it . the actual internal memory for this phone should amount to exactly 0,96 gb or close to that . i got aware of this comparing my phone to another one from the same model . i first tried formatting the flash memory ( or mass memory ) on my phone , but to no avail . so i tried doing a reset and it solved the issue . to do this : go to settings . choose privacy . select factory data reset or the corresponding example in your native language . wait for the phone to do its thing . you should see some code/script running on the screen . now wait . when everything is loaded and you configured the minimum settings , open the application task manager . you should be able to see the correct size .
as of v1.11 ( possibly before ? ) , the app itself now contains the changelist . just press the menu button , hit more , hit settings , and scroll down .
i asked a similar question . as a workaround , you can use the data profile feature of titanium backup pro with the analytics app .
this is not possible , since viber needs to be running in order to receive calls which are routed via viber . if you shut down the background process , you can not be reached via viber . the exit button just means it closes the ui , but keeps listening for calls in the background .
android has a centralized system for managing credentials for online services ( such as your google account ) . one component is called the AccountManager . some apps can " act as an account authenticator " . this means that they understand how to log into a particular online service , and can log in to that service for the AccountManager . other apps want to use that login information to identify you or perform actions on your behalf , without you having to enter your password every time . example : logging into google your phone has a built-in app that " acts as an account authenticator " for your google account . it knows how to log into google , and it has the email and password you entered when you set up the phone . there is also a youtube app , which wants to log in to show your favourite videos , and to let you comment , but without having to enter your email and password again . this youtube app talks to the AccountManager and asks if it has any credentials for a google account . asking this question requires the " find accounts on the device " permission . the AccountManager has a list of authenticators installed on the phone , which it consults to answer this question . if it does have any credentials , the app will then ask for what is known as an authtoken for the google account . this request requires the " use accounts on the device " permission . the AccountManager then asks you if you want the requesting app ( youtube ) to be able to use the requested account ( google account ) . this might be in a dialog that appears over the app , or in a notification . alternatively , the app can choose to do nothing if you have not already answered yes to this question : it might want to ask later at a more convenient time . this step ensures that an app with the " use accounts on the device " permission can not immediately use every account without asking . if you say yes , the AccountManager forwards the request to the authenticator ( the built-in google app ) . what happens next is up to the authenticator and the particular service you are logging into . you might need to log in if you have not previously done that , and logging in might require a username and password , a photo , an sms , or something else entirely . whatever the authenticator does , it can either fail , or give an authtoken back to the requesting app . further checks the authenticator and the online service can also control what actions the requesting app can perform . for example , when you connect an app to your google account , google lists permissions the app needs ( such as " upload videos " for youtube ) . thus , the app can only do the actions listed . however , some services might not have anything like that ; for such a service , once you have allowed the app to use your credentials , it can take any action in your name . once the requesting app has obtained the authtoken , it can continue to use it to perform actions in your name without any further interaction from you . that is , once you have agreed that dan 's twitter client can post to your twitter feed , it might run in the background and post further tweets without you knowing . you should only grant the app access to your credentials if you trust it not to do that . summary an app with the " use accounts on the device " permission can , once installed , ask you to access an online service ( such as google , facebook , or twitter ) in your name . you can choose to let it access the service or not . if you do let it access the service , what actions it can take on your behalf might be limited by the service ( it is up to the service ) , and the service might let you revoke that permission later ( usually through a list of " connected apps " on the service 's website ) .
try combined search words to narrow down the result list . if you e.g. look for an alarm reminder , " alarm reminder " gives you 1.000+ results -- while " alarm-reminder " ( note the " minus " replacing the space ) shrinks it to 48 , relating to both terms ( and not just either one of them ) . sometimes also the rules from google 's main search engine apply here ( i could not yet figure out when they do and when they do not ) . so " alarm +reminder " should list only apps whose name/description contains both terms -- while " alarm -reminder " should list only those containing " alarm " but not " reminder " . as said , this works sometimes , while the first rule mentioned seems to work always . i just tested it , and surprisingly even some more advanced keywords work : " clock +intitle:alarm " really lists only apps having " alarm " in their name ( and " clock " in their name or description ; though this i did not verify completely ) . i suspect the playstore search is just a " customized google search " -- so you might play with other " tipps and tricks " from its " big brother " .
in the settings of the gmail app there is a setting called " email notifications " . uncheck that setting , and you should stop getting notifications from it .
try this app : fb remap for htc chacha
you need to do a factory reset via Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Privacy -&gt; Factory Data Reset ( this may be under a different menu on newer versions of android . ) factory reset formats your device , erasing all 3rd-party installed apps and their settings . it also dis-associates your accounts ( google , or any others you may have added ) from the device , removing any synced contacts . you may also wish to format your sd card if you are giving it along with the phone . apps , books , music and videos that you purchased via google play store are tied to your google account . you will be able to re-download them to your new android device after signing in with your google account .
install the official dailymotion app from play store . click the download button as seen on the picture below . ( left of hd )
to remove it , click on the three vertical dots on the top-right of your screen . then , go to settings . scroll down to " priority senders " and unmark the tick box . hope it helps .
the message is basically telling you that you do not have the correct bootloader version on your device ; specifically , you most likely have an older ics bootloader rather than the jelly bean one . you can read a bit about this on cyanogenmod 's google+ page , and the cm wiki page for the s3 succinctly notes : going forward , cm10.1 is no longer compatible with ics bootloaders on this device . please update or else you will get assert failures in recovery . you will need to upgrade to a newer bootloader . this carries some amount of risk since it is one of the few instances where you could potentially brick a device , but the risk is still generally pretty small . i found links to the newer at and t bootloader on xda that will work with cm 10.1 . you can flash them using odin or heimdall by following these instructions : go here http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=41503727postcount=13716 put phone into download mode and then open odin . choose the pda slot and then select the correct file for your device ( at and t is lk3 ) hit start and wait until its finished . done
changing the default language to non hebrew should solve the problem . i know that may be a pain , but the only other option then is to manually change it . these areas of the email messages are " populated " and use the device language to get the values to use .
the term " brick " usually refers to the stone , which means : " device can only be used as paper-weight " . taken literally , there is no way to " unbrick " . however , you also find terms like " hard-brick " and " soft-brick " used , which makes the term " brick " less absolute : a soft-brick is something you easily can recover from ( count it as a " temporary paper-weight" ) , mostly by software-based solutions ( e . g . re-flash your phone ) -- while a " hard-brick " is rather meant in the way the original term points to . still , technically spoken , even a " hard-bricked " device could be " unbricked " -- but mostly this is more expensive then getting a new device . as for the warranty declaration you quoted : for a normal user , it is almost impossible to ( hard- ) brick his device . even when flashing a custom rom , this can rarely happen , as there are many security-layers involved . almost always you can boot your device into some fall-back mode where it is at least recognized by some " flashing software " , so you could simply flash another/the original firmware back . which means , the risk you are taking is to " soft-brick " your device 1 . a " hard-brick " is quite unlikely with " normal operations " like rooting or flashing custom roms . see also : wikipedia : brick rootzwiki : brick 1 i just learned : " unless you have got a samsung device and used the software recommended by samsung " . so better do not use kies etc . , but rather odin , just to give an example .
you will not find this setting in android 's gmail app , but on the gmail mobile site ( accessed via browser ) it is here :
this was an issue with cm7 builds up until 7.0.2 after which it was fixed .
no one answered my question , but i found the answer . i earned a badge tumbleweed . . lol because , battery drivers do not implement the same .
their website does not say that you need to be rooted to use it . just need a nzb file and a usenet account .
there is also documents to go which is a suite - allows for viewing / editing of ms office docs . pdf support as well . no conversion needed . an additional plus point is that the paid version integrates with google docs online allowing a user to view and edit your files from your google docs account directly in docs to go . any changes you make can be saved and synchronized back to google docs so that you will always have the most up-to-date version . you can even create new files in docs to go and upload them immediately to your account .
i would keep the phone rooted , with the sale option of restoring to stock rom ( if that is what the customer wants ) . or you can give the phone back with a stock rom with root . clockwork should let you do that . make sure you factory reset the phone before you give it to them ( rooted or not ) and format the sd card too .
ivona voice sounds the best hands down ( especially amy and the new not yet on android salli voice ) . works great on all apps for me . sadly , whenever i reboot phone , ivona no longer works . only fix is to reinstall the whole thing which is a total pita . i still do it though cause it sounds so much better then any of the other choices .
an update might include a new radio-firmware ( see : what is radio firmware ? ; basically you can think of it as the " hardware-layer " or an api to give the installed ( android ) system access to the hardware ) , which is not included with a nandroid backup . it could also include a " recovery-image " ( see : recovery-mode ) , which you did not include with your backup . for the latter , you could simply include it with your nandroid backup . the radio-image is a different thing : i know of no method to extract/backup it from a given device . you could , however , check which radio version is currently installed with your device , and see if you can get a " ruu " ( radio unit update ) specifically for that .
yes , usb otg requires capable hardware , software on which it is enabled and the right drivers . for example , the nexus-series of google do not allow usb otg from software-side . however , if you are rooted ( and the hardware would support it ) it is an easy way to enable it . chainfire made an application which enables/disables usb otg . this only works , if your hardware would support usb you can find it on google play
i am not sure of the motorola methodology for answering or ignoring a call , but on my samsung , merely touching the green or red button is insufficient ; it requires a swipe to convey the intention . i believe this was re-engineered to prevent accidental accepts or hangups through a mere button press . the green button has green arrows and a swipe in the arrow direction from the button will accept the call . the same with the ignore swipe along the red arrows from the red button to indicate the call should go to voicemail . update : searching the droid forums , i see that motorola uses the same functionality for call answering , but many users would like to see the functionality changed to just a button press . perhaps you are an advocate of the same technique . see this forum for suggestions others have made to change the functionality somehow through app replacement : http://www.droidforums.net/forum/android-app-developers/37743-button-answer-call-instead-swipe.html
this has happen to me with some apps . . . did you lost your imei ? i mean , maybe in the process of rooting , sim-unlocking , rom updating your phone , etc . . . you did something wrong and " lost your imei " . it seems having an imei of 004999010640000 indicates so . at least this happened to me with my galaxy s ( i9000 ) some apps seem to uniquely identify a user by imei . if you have this 004999010640000 imei you are now part of a club of hundreds with that exact same wrong imei . so someone who also " lost his imei " might have registered to those apps before . this happened to me with openfeint for example . to check your imei go to settings > about phone > status
i would expect tts and asr to be very memory-intensive as they process input ( which needs to be stored and transformed ) and generate output . so slow memory would probably be a limiting factor with a fast cpu . there should also be a little i/o -- loading voice samples for comparison and playback -- but i would not expect it to be as much of an issue . i can not get any more specific since i do not know how the default engine works ( i suspect few people outside google do ) . you might get a better answer on stackoverflow , since this is more of a question about the specifics of an algorithm and not really about android use .
official gmail app uses accounts , provided by android , so it is impossible . only if you will use some patched version , what will use private accounts , it possible .
it may be the link to the play store was lost . i think if you install an app from , say , the amazon app store , google play will not be able to update or uninstall it , as the link is gone . similarly , restoring an app from a previous rom backup may not create that link . titanium backup can recreate the links ( the free version can can not do this ) . or you could uninstall the app and try installing it fresh from google play .
here 's what i need to do : 1st step : launch the settings app , scroll to the bottom , and tap about phone . 2nd step : in the middle of the screen is the listing for android version . tap this item until you see a jelly bean appear on your screen . you can then tap and hold the giant jelly bean until your device vibrates . you should then see interactive beans floating all over your screen . and yes , you can fling them . go ahead , try it . 3rd step : after doing , this the beanflinger daydream will be unlocked . you can find the daydream option by going to settings > display > daydream . hope it will help to all of the users facing this same kind of problem .
if your android is not root , you can try another pc program called backuptans android sms + mms transfer . connected your phone to computer via usb or wifi and then click the backup button to save messages on computer . and yes , mms restoring from computer to android is supported . tested with my galaxy s3 . ps : it also can work for an android phone with broken screen . just make sure your have enabled usb debugging on device first .
swiping down on the left side of the screen should bring down the notification window shade and swiping down on the right side of the screen should bring down the new " quick settings " window shade which has the settings icon and some other handy settings easily available . as far as the screen adjusting , this is known as auto-rotate and can be changed in the quick settings as well ( shown below ) . notification shade : quick settings shade :
if the sound is what you do not like , on some phones the sound can be turned off by disabling usb debugging . Settings -> Applications -> Development -> USB debugging . however , on some other phones , this will not change the sound that gets played when you plug it in . to actually remove the notification , as previously mentioned , you will need a custom rom to do that for you . [ update ] another option to disable the sound is to go into your sounds settings and set the default notification ringtone to silent and then go to each and every one of your applications that you want to have ringtones in and individually set them up there . i do not recommend this option ( sure would be a pain if you forgot to set a ringtone to work email and missed an important one saying " we need you here asap or you are fired ! " ) , but it is an option nonetheless .
update 8/16/2011 minecraft pocket edition is now available in the google play store ! however it seems it will only be available for the sony ericsson 's xperia play . update engadget hands-on of the game here is a video from " sonyericssondev " showing minecraft being played on the xperia play update : it looks like minecraft mobile will be revealed at e3 2011 ( june 7-9 ) . however it will only be available on ' . . . sony ericsson 's playstation-certified xperia play ' at first and then sometime later available for other android devices . sources : gamersutra droidgamers previous posts below while it may not be possible right now , it looks like the developer will eventually bring minecraft to android . androidcentral engadget edit : i found a ' minedroid ' google code page today - i have not tried it myself but under " downloads " there is an apk that was release on feb 25th . i suggest looking at the wiki for instructions on installing and running . edit 2: i found droidcraft just a few minutes ago . while it is not true minecraft the describes it as an " android survival / crafting game inspired by minecraft " . i am downloading now to check it out . game website
you should first check which ip address ( and network ) your hotspot is using . from the command-line ( e . g . using a terminal app like android terminal emulator or adb shell ) you can figure this out with the command ifconfig wlan0  if you rather want to avoid the command line , or your device uses womething other than wlan0 for the interface and you want to avoid guessing , os monitor is an app which tells you all the necessary details for each interface as well . once you have found out the correct data , you can specify those on your laptop : use the ip of the interface for the gateway , and take network and mask accordingly .
this is caused by the strict mode setting under the developer options . it flashes a red border around the screen when anything does a long operation on the main thread .
yes , you need an otg cable . the pin layout is different than a regular micro usb to usb cable ; essentially , it is equivalent to shorting pins 4 and 5 on a normal cable . this is what causes the phone to know that it needs to be the host rather than the slave . in fact , you can do this yourself if you are handy with electronics and have a cable you do not mind taking apart , though they are also readily available at many online retailers ( amazon , newegg , monoprice , etc ) .
add a time context to your profile . there is a repeat option ( check box ) .
this feature is not available as of now . but you should frequently check the google now app page for such updates . this feature is available on siri though , but that is probably irrelevant right now . in the meantime , you can still get turn by turn navigation to take you home by saying " directions to home " . it would be a good app feature though .
the update is cumulative , it will directly be upgraded to 4.4.3 unfortunately the latest update does not address that bug . source
the term " bluetooth headset " is very broad . different headsets support different bluetooth profiles . the most common profile is hsp ( used mainly for phone calls ) , which seems to be independent of the headphones jack you are referring to . so pairing your android device with a cheap headset that supports hsp only ( e . g . plantronics 242 ) will not affect audio routing to the headphones jack at all . your bluetooth headset and your android device will continue to operate in parallel , but each handling a different audio stream ( channel ) . if you are looking to disable the microphone only in your android phone , it seems that only a headset with an a2dp profile could be a possible solution . you may want to read at the following thread : sending bluetooth audio from the stereo ( a2dp ) to headset ( hsp ) profile
there should be a " downloads " app in your app drawer . open it to view your downloads . previous versions of android ( up to gingerbread , afaik , possibly honeycomb ) had a " downloads " option in the browser itself under Menu-&gt;More-&gt;Downloads , but it is possible this no longer exists on ics . alternatively , if you have a file manager they should be in /sdcard/download , i believe ( on ics this actually appears to have changed to /sdcard/Download with a capital ' d' ) . it can vary by device a bit , but generally it should be /&lt;whatever_your_"sdcard"_path_is&gt;/download .
well . . . finding an old package , looking at those files i discovered the answer . sometimes it takes very long to find it and the solution is simple . short answer you should also move " phonesky . apk " to /system/app/ folder and then restart your phone . summary download the latest play store . apk ( try for example android police ) : http://www.androidpolice.com/2014/03/13/download-latest-google-play-store-4-6-16-with-new-require-password-option-tweaked-ui-forced-self-update-and-more/ get the gapps . zip for your system : http://wiki.cyanogenmod.org/w/google_apps from this . zip , move these 4 files to your phone storage : " gmscore . apk " , " googleloginservice . apk " , " googleservicesframework . apk " and " phonesky . apk " . use a file explorer ( like file manager with root right ) to move these 4 files to /system/app/ install play store . apk ( for example : cm . android . vending-4.6.16 . apk ) restart phone done :d
i think i have found the solution . check this link . it is a hack and it requires a phone to be rooted , but it does allow you to use alphanumeric password for encryption and pin for screen unlock .
as eldarerathis mentioned , you need to charge the tablet using the charging adapter rather than usb . the a500 has 2 usb ports . a regular one , like you had find on a laptop , for connecting usb devices to the tablet ( memory sticks , for example ) , and a micro usb port for connecting the tablet to a computer . make sure you are using the micro usb port . ( your mileage may still vary - the support site is not very forthcoming on using the tablet with a mac )
k-9 mail allows to choose the " from " mail address when composing a message ( or replying to a received message ) . click the " from " address field and a pop-up menu will appear which allows you to choose the appropriate account . k-9 supports pop/imap/exchange ( via webdav ) accounts . pictures for illustration compose window : account chooser :
i reinstalled android and lost all my data . nothing else worked . : (
the instructions i have followed in the link above do the job . the solution to my two problems listed above was : replace this micro/mini usb to usb adapter http://www.bestbuy.com/site/rocketfish%26%23153%3b+-+1.5%27+usb+cable/1000247.p?id=1218207305639skuid=1000247st=rf-cc1mccp=1lp=1 . . . with this one : http://www.bestbuy.com/site/rocketfish%26%23153%3b+mobile+-+micro+usb+data+transfer+cable/2077196.p?id=1218308698225skuid=2077196st=rocketfish%20micro%20usb%20cp=1lp=3 it sounds weird but trust me do not get micro usb to usb adapter from the first link . you will not be able to access the kindle fire as a storage device , guaranteed .
there are several ways you could accomplish that : if you have sufficient free storage available , archiving the contents ( zip , tar , whatever other archiver ) and then copying the archive file would be a way . pulling the archive would change the archive file 's timestamp , but contents would be preserved as-is , and restored with their original timestamps . this could be done either from a terminal app , or via adb shell . on one device i have checked , tar and gzip are available , and even bzip2 . successfully tested on another one , and adapted to your specifications : tar czf backup.tar.gz /storge/sdcard0 run from a location with sufficient space would create the archive , which you then could pull . you could utilize a sync app like foldersync , and simply sync all the contents to your computer ( via sftp , samba/windows-share , or any of the other supported protocols ) . after having formatted the storage , you could sync it back the very same way . if your device supports an external sdcard , you could copy your files over there , which also should preserve timestamps there might be even other possibilities , but these are the ones coming to my mind first .
in order to view local files on the sdcard with the default android browser just enter file://sdcard/ and then the path to the file you want to view . for example if you have an xml file named " person " in a folder named " xmlfiles " it would look like file://sdcard/xmlfiles/person.xml in your address bar . you can create bookmarks for the file you are viewing but if you try to make a shortcut to that bookmark or use a bookmark widget ( at least the htc one ) these will not work and may give an error " the linked program is no longer installed on your phone " . the bookmarks will work if opened from within the browser . so far i have verified that the browswer can open/render these files : xml , html files ( htm ) , and image files it cannot open pdfs . according to this comment it works for android 2.1 and above
android currently does not support usb audio paths . you can use usb audio if you have a nexus 5 with android l preview . otherwise you are out of luck .
you do not need to use 3rd party things like a swap partition or zramswap . 512mb ram was/is still standard and will be sufficent for almost all scenarios most probably for some time ( at least for android 4.0 and 4.1 , see this cyanogenmod forum post ) . ( you stated in the comments that your xperia active has 512mb ram ) longer version : to begin with , " rom " is basically a false name for the system partition and means read-only-memory ( it is most of the time mounted read-only , hence " rom" ) , this sits most probably on some kind of nand flash . ram ( random-access-memory ) is ' working ' memory that is really fast but volatile in comparison to nand flash . both types are needed ( fast vs . persistent ) and cannot be interchanged . at least not completely ( you could add a swap partition on custom roms . ) at first : do not use the internal memory as swap ! flash storage ( nand ) has only about 10.000 write cycles . better use your sdcard for it . see this guide on xda for the pro 's and con 's and howto do it . if you just want to play around and wonder if you could do something useful with the free space on your /data partition : do not do it . leave it the way it is . here 's a basic picture illustrating a regular architecture .
the galaxy s plus i9001 looks like the i9000 however it has completely different internals : side by side comparison at gsmarena . com different cpu ( 1.4ghz qualcomm snapdragon vs . 1ghz samsung hummingbird ) different gpu ( adreno vs powervr ) different baseband modules ( the i9001 has faster hsdpa ) better battery , less internal space ( 512mb vs 2gb for the i9000 ) most importantly , the i9000 is well supported while the i9001 's community support is rather poor . there is no official cm port for it . see the i9001 's forum at xda-developers.com. regarding the approaches : yes , you can use the same tools and your knowledge for the i9000 . just not the same rom downloads .
go to https://play.google.com/store/account , with a regular desktop . then click on the tab ' orders ' , you shall find there all the apps you downloaded via google play . after clicking Install or Installed button , you will get pop-up having device list . if app is already installed in a device with linked status , device would be inactive to send install signal . it can be used as identifier .
after more searching , i found subtitleplayer in the google play store . it seems to work adequately for what i need , but because its name is two words jammed together , does not show up when you search for " subtitle " in the market . also , the page says it needs ' unicode ' subtitles ; after a few tries , i got it to work correctly with utf-8 encoding , without a bom .
using a free service like android lost , you can remotely control your phone from a web browser . you can wipe it , locate it on a map , read sms'es , take a picture remotely etc . . . to ease your concerns regarding security . while not directly an answer to your question , it might be a viable solution . not storing your google credentials on your android smartphone and accessing google services through the mobile web brower is not only very impractical , but also sort of defeats the purpose of a modern smartphone does not it ?
it seems that you have a version of google search that does not include google now . the easiest way to fix this would be to install a new version of the google search app . i have linked to the googlenow apk below so that you can install the version i had on my device . this should then allow you to access google now by pressing the google search option in the app drawer , or using the quick search bar on the default launcher . googlenow . apk
yes , it is using a push notification via google cloud messaging ( gcm ) , the same as google+ hangouts , google+ , gmail , and some third-party apps .
according to this scamwarners post , it may be a scam . the site root android . org supposedly carries out the service of rooting and unrooting mobile phones with a " special " program . like all scam sites "100% money back guarantee if not satisfied " is a in your face feature , alas nothing is further from the truth . after initial email contact regarding technical issues with the downloaded program , there is nothing and certainly no contact when exercising the refund option . i have since searched and found that the program root android . org uses is a free download from a few specific sites that deal openly with the global community . the old warning of buyer be ware rings true , i sincerely would not use this site again and warn anybody who is contemplating mobile phone rooting to steer clear of root android . org .
while i have not seen that issue , you can restart the radio . dial *#*#INFO#*#* , choose Phone info and scroll down . click the Turn off radio button , then click its replacement , cunningly called Turn on radio . a nexus 5 , being google , should support the standard android_secret_code uris , so INFO should be present . other vendors may replace/remove/augment those , so bets are off on anything not directly from google .
your google research is correct . there is an order . root  unlock bootloader  install custom recovery ( twrp or cwm )  backup current rom  install custom rom ( cyanogenmod or aosp etc ) . without being rooted and having bootloader unlocked , you will not be able to install recovery and custom room . that is why it needs to be done first . cyanogenmod is pre-rooted . so you do not have to do it again once it is installed . initial rooting of your current rom and installing recovery is only one time process . you can then backup/restore the roms using the recovery of your choice ( twrp/cwm ) . assuming you have rooted/installed custom recovery , make sure to backup current rom should anything go wrong . also wipe data/cache/dalvik cache before installing the new custom rom . there is usually a hardware combination button to access recovery menu or you can issue reboot recovery command from terminal .
go to Settings -&gt; About phone -&gt; USB Settings and set it to mass storage . you may also need to enable or disable Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Development -&gt; USB debugging . the drives should be visible to the pc when you connect the device , but you should also have to click the usb notification you mention and tell it to actually mount the storage to pc so that they are accessible . finally , try looking at this for more info : http://androidforums.com/android-lounge/115574-solved-cannot-mount-android-device-via-usb-linux.html
go to settings-> applications-> all , then long press menu button , type launcher , press on the result , then press ' force stop ' . it will automatically restart , and you will get your folder back
i have found the solution some time ago . the app external keyboard helper pro makes it work correctly .
honestly , i do not believe so . if you need to stop an app , you can always go to settings > applications > manage applications , click on the app and force stop . it does the same thing and the only time i find myself clicking on it , is when an app is acting up .
go to settings , applications . find the app that has the default set . scroll down to the bottom of that view and click the " clear defaults " button .
how about using nfc to tell the phone that it should switch itself to driving mode when inserted into the cradle ? you can get nfc stickers for few euro/pounds on ebay . . . , put one to the back of the cradle , setup your phone and off you go :- ) that probably is not what you are looking for but still , it is nice and elegant solution ; - )
it is a built-in bug report feature . http://rootzwiki.com/topic/16019-keeps-asking-me-to-email-bug-report/#entry410481 this is built into android . it is a debugging tool that lets you send a bug report . it sends to you because you manually triggered it . it is very easy to trigger it , even accidentally . if you press both volume buttons and the power button at the same time , it will vibrate once . then it takes nearly a full minute before the phone vibrates three times and the bug report pops up . it also does not seem to keep processing when the phone is asleep , so if you accidentally do it when say checking the time or something , it will not show up until the next time you unlock your phone . it is easy to trigger and i have done it by accident quite a few times when either checking the time or taking a screenshot ( it is pretty easy to press both volume keys accidentally when taking a screenshot ) . you can disable the bug report function by going to /system/bin/ and deleting or renaming bugreport and bugmailer . sh , but i am not sure if this will affect the ability to send bug reports for other system apps . then it will not happen anymore . it can also be disabled in the rom code by the developer .
once the encryption screen comes up , android may have gotten far enough in the bootprocess for the adb server to start . if you have adb set up on the computer , check and see if the computer can recognize the phone by typing adb devices . if you see device with a serial number , then just simply type adb reboot recovery . ( if you do not have adb , there are several guides that can be found via google that explain how to get it set up . )
no . apps on android can not interfere with each other 's operations to the extent you describe . i can think of two options that come close to what you describe : use a standard pgp app and copy-and-paste ciphertext between that and the chat app . if the chat app you are using uses direct client-to-client transmissions , instead of every message going via a server , then you could set up a vpn and ask your partner to join it before starting to chat with you . to be honest , neither of these options , nor the ideal circumstance you describe , sound like an easier sell than simply asking your friends to use a secure chat system . i suggest to you that jabber offers this functionality while allowing a choice of clients , some of which can also use different chat systems , so it might be the easiest transition path .
what version of android are you using ? if it is 4.0 and up then you can install the default keyboard from google from here : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.inputmethod.latin
answering my own question here . bottom line here is android users must manage their own pictures and videos storage . it is important to understand that the " gallery " application ( and probably the new alternative " photos" ) is not synced to google plus , they are merely backuped ; this means that gallery does not deletes ( leave a thumbnail ) least recent used pictures to save space ( as i mistakenly assumed ) . i , for one , will be using google plus application from now on to be able to access all my pictures and videos and will be deleting images as soon as they are backuped .
this answer is based on comments from niall c . there are 5 phases in the process : select each contact , and then link them when relevant . the goal is to have 1 friend = 1 contact . export the list ( contact > menu > more > import export > to sd card ) , it will work even if you do not have any sd card . transfer the file to a computer ( the file is quite light , even with gpg keys and user pics ) open gmail , backup your contact by exporting them import the vcf file and that is all ! your contacts in gmail have now phone numbers ! do not worry , gmail merge contacts becase their email adress is already known . source : stackexchange-url
after a very long ordeal , several trips to several different apple stores and basic trial and errors , i have found the solution as i blogged here : http://eduncan911.com/technology/hardware/google-nexus-10-and-apple-wireless-keyboard.html the situation is that apple made 3 different bluetooth apple wireless keyboards , noted by years : 2007 , 2009 and 2011 . the issue is that the 2011 model , with its latest firmware updates , does not work with the google nexus 10 . it must be a bluetooth hardware profile issue with the google device itself , as the 2011 keyboard works flawlessly on all other android 4.2 , 4.4.3 and 4.4.4 devices that i have as well as an apple ipod touch 4th gen . solution : get the 2009 apple wireless keyboard as i stated in my post above , i have tested several 2009 and 2011 keyboards and have confirmed only the 2009 apple wireless keyboard works with the nexus 10 . to restate the original issue : the 2011 apple wireless keyboard will pair , and even " connect " normally to the nexus 10 . but , the nexus 10 will not recognize it as an input device - it is missing the " a " keyboard icon at the top-left corner of the top status bar which normally shows with other bluetooth keyboards , such as the 2009 version . also note that the firmware i tested of the 2009 model was version x50 . i could not confirm if the latest firmware update for the 2009 model worked or not .
okay , so firstly i will help removing that ok google funcationality from the home screen : 1 . go to google now > tap settings > voice > " ok google " hotword detection > here you will see an option to disable ok google on home screen . now for the search bar , if you are running slimkat , then you are probably on one of the two custom launchers pre-installed in slimkat , so go to their settings , either by long holding on homecreen , or you can go to settings > home > here you will see the launchers installed , and mostly there is a settings/options key beside them , tap on that or if settings key is not there try tapping on the launcher name ( it should take you to settings ) . once in launcher settings , you should go to homescreen specific settings and disable search bar from there . get back to me if any of the above mentioned things do not work .
i make it a habit to reinstall wifi keyboard everytime i reflash my phone . it does not require root as far as i know . basically , you set it as your default keyboard if you want to use it . then you will see a notification and clicking that should reveal an ip address + port to you . open that address on a browser in your computer and you should see a big text entry box . whatever you type on that entry box will be sent to your phone as keystrokes . so yeah , you basically use your pc/laptop keyboard as a wireless keyboard . it does not let you browse the phone remotely though , but you can use it to navigate your phone ( via arrow keys ) . and your devices also need to be on the same lan for the ip to work .
the best explanation i could find online : people details is a new sync service related to the recent release of google play games . it was pushed to most ( if not all ) android devices recently . its purpose is to tie you together across all google play services ( the separate services available from the google play screen ) . the idea is to maintain a uniform and unique " identity " for you in all related google games so that data from one can potentially be used to " enhance " the user experience in another the contact sync is for the usual contacts that a user saves directly on your phone .
as you mention go launcher ex as your target launcher , you are lucky : there is a complete description on how to migrate your screens , which you can find at addictivetips . basically , this involves an app called desk migrate , which claims to copy home screens from one launcher to another launcher . according to the linked article , it seems do do a nice job . just one thing to keep in mind : desk migrate has been developed to work only with go launcher ex and supports copying from only a handful of launchers . ok , another lucky point for you : looks like adw . launcher was one of the 7 launchers the addictives successfully tested to migrate from -- lucky you !
yes you can do that . firstly enable the the developer mode by tapping the build number in about phone then go in developer options and then check force rtl layout
as noted in the comment , " battery drain " and " overheating " are not necessarily connected : not everything that drains your battery causes overheating . overheating is most likely caused by excessive cpu hogging ( which of course also leads to battery drain ) . you might want to take a look at the app drainguard , which keeps a log of battery consumption , always informs you how much was consumed since you turned the screen off last time , and -- here it comes -- it can start an alarm when some app causes excessive battery drain . values are configurable : the free version only works from 100% charge down to 70% , which is fine for testing . once you decided the app serves your purpose , the drainguard pro key is available on the playstore for less than an euro .
use llama . this is a free automation app like tasker , and it has the ability to modify the screen timeout . create a new event . add the condition OR (match any) . then add a condition for each Active application that you want to keep the screen active . click the back button , then add the action to change the Screen Timeout to never . you then have to create a second event that does the opposite . you create the OR (match any) condition , but this time select Active application and change the status option to App stopped or in background , and again do this for each app you did in the first event . set the Screen Timeout action to whatever timeout value you want normally .
it is not possible with the google launcher , but it is fully possible in 4.4 in general , you just need to stop using google 's launcher . the " regular " launcher is still included so you can switch to that .
the easiest way to compare these two apps : locale costs more . but it is a lot more user friendly . you just set up " situations " with triggers and actions . then you prioritize the situations . that is it . tasker costs less . but it is a lot more customizable . it is more like being given a scripting language . there are tons of options and choices and it can get really confusing if you do not know what you are doing . it is not made for the average user . i will say that anything locale can do , tasker can do it too . it just is not as quick and easy to set it up . in regards to backing up , you can backup tasker into script files . locale has no built in back up system . both of these applications are extendable to do practically anything because they support plugins . tasker supports locale plugins too . also : personally , i use both of these apps . i use locale for setting up common situations ( disable sounds when asleep , adjust brightness/screen timeout when plugged in , go silent at work , etc . ) and then tasker for . . . well . . . tasks ! such as plugging in my headphones i reduce my media volume to 50% ( i have blared music accidentally way too many times ) and displaying a menu of music apps .
there are multiple solutions available : re-zip the image advantage : you do it once , and can use the resulting image for multiple devices . that is what i did with cm7.2 for my milestone 2 . easy enough to do : create a temporary ( empty ) folder unzip the zip file to it remove unwanted *.apk files from /system/apps ( be careful of what you remove , of course ) zip up the directory contents again using a graphical zip manager ( like winzip or the like ) , steps would be even easier : open the zip file with the archive manager remove the unwanted .apk files if the zip manager requires it , save the manipulated zip manually cleanup after flashing , using the shell this is what ce4 recommended in the comments . it requires you using a terminal emulator on your device : flash the image as-is remove superfluous stuff from the system partition by hand ( like rm /system/big/junk/example.mp4 ) manually cleanup after flashing , using other tools almost the same as the previous method , but a bit more user-friendly . disadvantage : this will not do for superflous ringtones and the like : flash the image as-is use a tool like titanium backup or root uninstaller to remove unwanted system apps
yes . this is possible use 1-vpn app which lets you do this . but , it is not compatible with android 4.0+ , and you have to pay for it ( only a $0.90 ) . if the payment is worth the burden you go through every time you connect , that is your best option . alternatively you can use 5-vpn which is free and requires you to go through 5 taps to connect . your last alternative is vpn show which is only capable of taking you to your vpn settings screen .
note that both ios browser ( safari ) and chrome ( desktop or for android ) are based on webkit engine . that is why they are so similar in what they render . firefox browser uses a much different engine : gecko . as an answer for what you want to do , i think that given the css and javascript the mobile site loads is different depending on the rendering engine , currently it is not possible to an end user to achieve that . a better design must be done by web developers who made the website , in order to avoid this kind of awkward situations . if what you need is to open that mobile site with a browser different to chrome for android , but that it be rendered the same way as chrome for android does , i recommend you to use opera mobile or opera mini ( based on presto engine ) , here is a screenshot of how it looks there :
from digitaltrends , when an offending notification pops up , simply long press on it and App Info will pop up . tap on that and youll be taken straight to the app management screen where you can uncheck the Show notifications box and stop notifications appearing . you can also get to the app management screen by going to Settings -&gt; Apps and selecting the app from there . unchecking the show notifications box does mean that all notifications from that app will be turned off though . as the warning states : if you turn off notifications for this app , you may miss important alerts and updates .
there're two flavors of usb ports - powered and unpowered . unpowered ports can not supply power to the devices and are rather rare . you identify them easily - connect the smartphone to them and see if it starts charging . if it starts charging the port is powered and you are okay .
instead of widget use apps like data switch . unlike widget this app does not consume resource when idle . there are tons of other apps/widget if you do not like this one or this one does not work for you . for eg : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.aispl.mdsswitch https://market.android.com/details?id=ru.chernish2 https://market.android.com/details?id=com.m039.tools https://market.android.com/details?id=com.myreallife.mobiledata https://market.android.com/details?id=com.datalinkswitch
check your phone 's internal storage , via menu > settings > sd and phone storage , and then look under internal phone storage . if that is looking low , then you can try uninstalling some apps , or , since you are on 2.2 , moving those that support it to your sd card ( as that does seem to have plenty of space ) .
i do not know what rom you have , but if you are using a cyanogen based you can tweak that in the cyanogen specific settings .
in fact it is easy to do using a file explorer application . i used ES File Explorer but i suspect other programs have the same feature . using ES File Explorer , you have to navigate to the file , then do a long click on the file icon until a menu appears . then you choose Shortcut . nothing shows the operation works but a new icon will be present in the launcher .
the official announcement on the cm forums states : the issue was in the ril code , which is just typical code and libraries packaged in the rom ( e . g . /system/lib/libril.so , for example ) . the cm team recommended installing a samsung rom noting that any samsung rom is fine and any aosp rom would have issues . there is no permanent damage since the ril code was replaced when you reflashed . they specifically cited the issue was related to closed-source ril code , so this would not happen with a stock rom unless samsung severely borked their ril code . only 911 was listed as a problem , but i do not know ( and neither have the cm team ever stated ) if other emergency numbers were affected . official support for the vibrant did not occur until 7.1 , which was gingerbread . it is really hard to say if older versions were affected , but i would assume yes ( if they exist somewhere still ) . the announcement states that the issue was fixed and the vibrant is officially supported at this point .
possible solutions , in descending order of idealism and difficulty : create a custom rom , with the apps you want on it , which you can flash onto these devices . this question is a good starting place for that . write your own app , which automatically installs the other apps . the first answer to this thread provides the code to install apps programmatically . the easiest solution , if it suits your needs , would to be to use one of many " installer " apps . if you can drop the apps on the tablets after installing your stock rom ( ideally on an sd card ) , you could then install an " installer " app . then either run it yourself , or instruct your users to run it and install the listed apps . in any of these solutions , you will have to write the desktop computer application which has the few-button interface for users , which does the flashing and installing . whether you do a custom rom or a stock one , you will have to automate its install . this thread has some help on automating rom installation .
keep usb debugging on and it should work fine .
xprivacy is not a stand-alone application . it is a module of the xposed framework , and thus utilizes the latter to achieve its goals . so if the xprivacy dev " reports in " , he might just say : " waiting for the xposed team to show up " . . . oh , if you do not wanna wait : head straight to the xposed thread at xda for all the details . the intro over there states : i extended the /system/bin/app_process executable to load a jar file on startup . the classes of this file will sit in every process ( including the one for system services ) and can act with their powers . and even more : i have implemented something that allows developers to replace any method in any class ( may it be in the framework , systemui or a custom app ) . this makes xposed very powerful . you can change parameters for the method call , modify the return value or skip the call to the method completely - it is all up to you ! also replacing or adding resources is easy . so in short and simplified words : xposed replaces some system resources to " expose " the system api , so other apps ( acting as xposed modules ) can use it . amongst those other apps is  tam-tam-tam-tam-tam  xprivacy .
i think you have misunderstood what vibration mode is . the sound control has three settings:- sound on : the phone will ring and vibrate normally . you can turn vibration on or off for each notification individually in that app 's settings . vibrate : the phone will still vibrate , but not make noise . in this state , any notification that would make a sound will vibrate instead . if the notification would have vibrated , it still does . silent : notifications and incoming calls will not cause vibration or noise . any notifications which have vibration enabled by the app will vibrate in either sound on or vibration mode : only silent mode will disable vibration . also , if vibrate when ringing is turned on in settings  sound , then incoming calls will make the phone vibrate in sound on mode as well as in vibration mode .
though it is not the identical situation , the solution which worked out for i am seeing duplicated images and videos on gallery might apply here as well : go to settings&rarr ; apps&rarr ; manage apps select the " all apps " tab find the gallery app , open its entry , tap " clear cache " do the same for the media storage app have the media scanner running again . this can be triggered by either a reboot of the device ( ugh ! ) unmounting/mounting the external sdcard if any ( hm . . . ) attach the device to your pc via usb , optionally copy some file to it , detach it again ( ok . . . ) for repeated use , take a look at apps like e.g. rescan media , scan media , or sdrescan ( yeah ! ) check if the duplicates are gone . if not , repeat everything , but this time additionally select to " delete data "
keyboard can be replaced browser can be replaced ( opera , xscope ( i like ) , dolphin hd , etc . ) launcher can be replaced gallery can be replaced ( 3d gallery is my favorite ) camera can be replaced ( camera 360 ( drains battery like crazy ) , retro camera , etc . ) hell you can even replace the kernel if you root . not an app , but you can add search providers like getting the duckduckgo app which allows you to search using all search tools , but ddg vs google .
there is an app called holiday alarm disabler . i have not tried it myself , but it has a pretty good rating at androlib . qr code for holiday alarm disabler :
at first , there is a current hardbrick warning and a tool to diagnose this for the galaxy note ( and other samsung devices ) . here 's the galaxy note n7000 cm9 team 's current issue list , it does not mention missing s-pen functionality ( unlike an experimental build #1 ) so i guess it is fixed . the cm9 alpha for n7000 announcement on xda also mentions s-pen beeing worked on . and finally , here 's the cm9 builds for n7000 and a full update guide .
according to this it runs the first time you boot up ( cyanogenmod ? ) and prompts you for what google apps to install .
download the app called rescan media from the market , run it then go back to your music player . the music that you downloaded from dropbox should now show up . there are other ways to force this media sync ( unmount / remount sd should do it ) but this app makes it just the press of a button .
stock android widgets are not re-sizable ( although this is supposedly a feature that will be coming soon ) . if you can re-size some of them one of two things is going on : either the developer of the widget made it that way , or samsung implemented this ability to work for some widgets . in the case of the latter they probably had to set it up specifically for the widgets that do it , so it is unlikely that any you find on the market are going to be re-sizable via touchwiz . however , you do have another option . launcher pro is a homescreen replacement app on the market ; the paid version ( yes the free version is misleadingly called launcher pro ) offers resizing widgets as one of the added features . to my knowledge that would work for any widget regardless of how the developer made it . so if you are willing to put a couple bucks into it , you can re-size any widget that you want .
re-install these official samsung drivers . uninstall current drivers by going into device manager . make sure to check off the delete drivers option if given . reboot . reinstall the given drivers above without connecting the galaxy s4 reboot . go ahead and connect phone and verify that in device manager samsung adb device or equivalent is shown . if it shows an exclamation mark on it or other problem , then in device manager right click on the driver , update , let me choose from a list and choose the correct android adb driver .
a rom for the htc one will not work on the htc one x+ . despite the name similarity , they are completely different phones , with different hardware inside . ( the htc one x+ has a tegra 3 soc , while the htc one has a snapdragon . ) if you want to install a " stock android " rom on this phone , you will have to find one first , and as there is not a google play edition for the one x+ , this is very unlikely to exist . you might be best with a custom rom that does not have many customizations . generally , custom roms do not update over the air : you need to reflash whenever you want to upgrade to the latest version .
no . only skype or other voip options . it does not have a gsm module on it , it just has a small chip for data transfers .
you might provide them a link ! a link on your website , that would provide them with the . apk file . after downloading , the user would install that file in his android phone . after installing , the previous version is auto-deleted and the new version is installed ! user data is saved . but i have never used the developer tools from google play . so i am not sure , whether the google would mark it as spam or not , because some user try out verify and install instead of package installer . verify and install is a google service to check whether the app is spam or not . so i think , if the user tries verify and install instead of the built-in installer , he might get some errors , saying this signature is not found on google play ! or something like that . but just my guess , if your beta is placed on google play , then they will not show up any errors , as they would find a signature on google play too . hope i am not wrong : because i have never used either verify and install or google play developer tools . so i might be wrong somewhere . but still there is a functionality to install apps , but that also depends whether the user is allowing the installation of unknown apps ( apps which are not downloaded from google play ) .
over-the-air ( ota ) updates from your carrier or manufacturer cannot be directly applied on a device that has a custom rom installed . this is due to many possible incompatibilities between the stock firmware and whatever code base the custom rom is using . therefore , most ( if not all ) custom roms intentionally disable any ota checks that usually come standard with stock firmwares . that said , some custom roms ( e . g . cyanogenmod rom ) have developed their own ota services . these are usually pull ( i.e. . phone checks for available update periodically ) as opposed to push ( manufacturer sends a message to phone to go out and download an update , ) but generally work fairly well . you should contact your rom 's developers to see if such a feature is available for you . alternatively , you can try to return your phone to its stock firmware , and then you will be able to accept the carrier/manufacturer ota update .
as 3rd party apps are acceptable , there are some available which look promising . not sure , though , that they completely fulfill the request , they should still be worth a look : go contacts ex -- from the well-known go-team , and with an excellent rating . feature list mentions two things : " smart dialing " ( just type a part of the number , and it will be found ) -- and " speed dial " . the former is not what you look for , the latter is probably something like " favorites on 0 to 9" . dw contacts and phone and dialer promises the dialer " has many options to make it exactly to your wishes " exdialer offers " speed dial " and promises a lot of flexibility dialer one is also worth a try -- feature-rich , high rated and regularly updated angel dialer seems to be highly configurable ( and again is high rated ) eir fast dialer -- as the name suggest , this one promises fast dialing , and seems a promising candate indeed as said , i cannot promise any of those will do exactly what you wish . but having checked many of them , these seem to be the best candidates . personally , i am not initiating too many calls , so i am still contend with the default dialer . . .
yes , there is a privacy setting that will prevent friendcaster from being able to retrieve posts or other info from your friends if they have it enabled . specifically , according to onelouder 's support site : [ i ] t is possible that some of your friends have set their privacy settings to block access to their profile , wall , photos and status updates from third party apps like friendcaster . this setting is found in " account --> privacy settings --> apps and websites " . in info accessible through your friends you can see checkboxes for the items that are available to apps . as an example , if your friend has my photos unchecked here , they wont appear in friendcaster . unfortunately facebook has this restriction in place and unless your friend allows third party apps we can not get around it at this time . if your friends are using that setting , the info will only appear on facebook itself .
there are many "*2sd " methods , and they generally involve root access . my personal favorite is link2sd . it uses symlinks , which take up ( practically ) no space . the actual program , data , libraries , etc are stored on a second partition on your sd card . this comes with the downside of actually having to create two partitions on your sd card ( meaning it will have to be formatted ) . if you have root , you likely have a custom recovery installed that can automatically partition your sd card . the upside of multiple partitions is that you can mount your sd card when plugged into a computer without causing the apps to disappear from your device . this is because only one partition is actually unmounted from android and mounted on the computer , and the other partition holding your apps is never unmounted .
finally , i got it resolved . the issue was with apn settings provided by my service provider . fixing that fixed downloading issue .
as peter mentioned , the requirements given might apply to stock rom . things may look different with special custom roms . take e.g. the htc wildfire , which comes with just a 576mhz single-core cpu and 384mb ram ( see gsm arena for full specs ) , and thus would not meet the minimum requirements . but put paranoid rom on it , which runs 4.0 , and it is reported to run even smoother than before ( no big deal , after kicking htc sense , i guess ; ) so it very much depends on multiple factors : how close does the device come to the " minimum requirements " , and how well was the custom rom optimized . i would say with your specs that close ( even slightly above ) to the mentioned htc wildfire/buzz , chances are good -- very good , indeed : head over to xda , read the topic , and grab your copy of paranoid android for the optimus one ( p500 ) : android 4.1.2 paranoidandroid v2.2 fully source compiled .
you are right i just played with trying to set a dropbox image as my wallpaper , and can not believe that there is not an easier way . part of the problem seems to be that if you open a dropbox image , it is not sent to the gallery or the system default image viewer ( which would let you do things like set as wallpaper ) but dropbox uses its own ( html ? ) viewer . there are feature requests in dropbox 's " votebox " that are requesting features that would fix this . it is probably worth heading over there and letting them know that you had like this feature , this option looks like the most likely ( but you can just go to votebox and search for android to see all the relevant ones ) : add dropbox photos to android gallery update : if you download photos from dropbox , they do appear in the gallery in a folder called " photos " . now that they are in the gallery , you can set them as wallpaper the same as normal . you might need to force the media scanner to start before they will show up in the gallery , this previous question has options for forcing that to run .
use this : am start -a android.intent.action.MAIN -n &lt;package_name&gt;/&lt;full_class_name&gt;  to control an app , you will have to put correct values of &lt;package_name&gt; and &lt;full_class_name&gt; in the command . for example , you can use com.google.gmail/com.google.gmail.check_mail ( hypothetical names ) as last part of command . obtaining package name of an app is easy , but obtaining class name of action is not . there are two problems : many app developers keep class info private . not all developers do smart modular programming . its good habit to divide an app in multiple classes which could be triggered by intents , but not all developers are smart . solution of 1st problem : decompile the app using apktool and see all info . there are also other ways , but this one is always-working method ( unless app is based on ndk instead of sdk ) . solution of 2nd problem : nothing . do not worry , most of popular apps follow best programming practice and they provide Public API from which you can get class info .
i also faced the same issue with the stock alarm . stock alarm was not able to recognize the sd card songs . i vaguely remembered the solution . couple of restarts and removing the sd card from the phone and plugging it again solved the issue fro me . but now i installed alarm klock which has the option to see all the songs on sd card by author and album wise . it has vibrating feature which does not there in stock alarm .
i am using dropbox and it works fine for me . when you click on a file to see it , dropbox downloads the content probably in a temp file and it will launch in the right viewer . if you long click an item and select download it will put the file in its own folder on the sd card ( sdcard/dropbox ) and the file will be available to a file manager such as astro . if it is not already visible from the gallery application , you can add it by moving the file to the right folder . i know you already used dropbox but i would definitely give it another try .
that symbol is not android-specific : it is the symbol for a hearing aid induction loop . some landline telephones have an induction loop that transmits the phone audio directly to the hearing aid , so that hearing aid users can hear the phone call better than they would otherwise . the t stands for " telephone": because the induction loop system originated on landline phones , using the facility requires switching the hearing aid to " telephone mode " , usually by flipping a physical switch to a position marked with a t . it seems your phone has the same facility . the fact the icon is on the right with the " system " icons , instead of on the left with the notifications , shows that it is a part of the os , not an app . i can not say for sure as i do not have your phone , but i expect you can turn it off in the device 's accessibility settings .
while i am not intimately familiar with sprint 's 4g or your phone ( sorry ) i have found in my own cdma troubleshooting that the built in htc diagnostic tools can be very useful . i found this guide over at xda as one of the better lists of sprint cdma diag codes ( even though it is not for your phone specifically ) . i recommend trying ##33284# or ##3282# , one of these should bring up a utility that lists very specific information about your cellular network connection .
the video codecs are limited to what is supported by the device . this suggests that the codecs are in firmware and not software codecs like you are used to on the computer . this means you will probably need to use something like handbrake to convert your videos to the phone . unless there are in the h264 or 3gp formats that all android phones support . reference : act1 video player faq
google play books is available in the us , uk , canada and australia . you can find this information on the google play help page , and it has also been noted on the @googlebooks twitter account .
this is because the command you used to invoke heimdall was , heimdall flash --recovery and , heimdall is caps sensitive , try this instead . heimdall flash --recovery . /clockworkmod_6.0.3.2_jfltespr . img --no-reboot
edit : nevermind . turns out the rom manager installation on cm9 was not actually up to date , and apparently my backups were not all named consistently . it seems that rom manager uses the format : yyyy-mm-dd-hh . nn . ss while cwm recovery uses the format : yyyy-mm-dd . hh . nn . ss which is why they did not seem to sort correctly . updating and making the names consistent solved the issue .
this is a because of a bug in heimdall v1.4 rc1 -- the version that shipped with ubuntu 13.04 . what you will want to do is upgrade heimdall to version 1.4 final , or the latest version . . that should do it .
no you cannot , that is done at build/compile of the source of the said android version whatever that may be . when the source gets compiled via . build/envsetup.sh  this is setting up the environment , and that reads in the potential devices via boardconfig . mk within each device/product directory . its when lunch gets executed , the menu shows like this the above is the example of building the rom for the zte blade , notice how userdebug and eng is prefixed !
the problem also persists on android 4.3 and most probably also with later versions . i have reported the issue on chromium 's bug tracker and it has been confirmed : https://code.google.com/p/chromium/issues/detail?id=331876 there is also a bug report on the android 's bug tracker for the stock browser : https://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=43414 i hope this issue will get fixed soon .
answer is no , you are not uninstalling the app by clearing the app data . clearing the application data is more or less resetting the application to an initial state before being customized based on the application settings , such as preferences , databases . i am aware it sounds contradictory but the crucial element in this is - the dalvik cache has the pre-cached dex class within the dalvik vm for the said app .
i clicked format on the device , causing the sd card to show up again in windows . format thankfully did not actually format it - in the sense that it did not wipe the data . i only know this because i have installed the demo of zar , which has found image and video files to recover . my options now are to either buy the full version of zar , on the assumption that if it recovered images and video the other data is intact , or to find an alternative program that is free . edit : i am currently running photorec , which contrary to its name , has so far found mp3 files and a txt file to recover . i am hoping it is also able to read obscure or non existent file extensions , so that apps which had decided to locate themselves on the sd card can be recovered .
without a volume-down key , you can not : go into recovery mode/download mode without a pc reduce the volume ( duh ) select options in cwm take screenshots in aosp-based roms possible workarounds , by order of mention above : use adb reboot recovery / adb reboot bootloader , as said in the comments use a usb jig to force the phone to boot into download mode go into settings > sound > volumes and change values from there use twrp or cwm touch instead use third-party apps . i think gravitybox for xposed has the option to add a screenshot option and advanced reboot to the power menu , but i have not been using xposed for a long time .
to answer your questions , yes - there is an app that will allow you to invoke the notification panel : exsbar allows you to assign the long-press search button or long-press camera button to this function . whether or not this is " an easier way " depends on you , the end-user . :- )
the second partition should be fat32/fat16 only because gingerbread does not support linking to ext partitions .
/data/dalvik-cache contains optimized bytecode of each installed app . /data/data contains settings and preferences of each installed app . neither of these two locations are touched when you move the app to sd card using gingerbread 's built-in methods . that is a limitation of android 's implementation of moving apps to sd . cyanogenmod 7 allows you to move more apps than the stock rom , but on phones with limited storage you will still eventually run out of space on internal memory . since you are rooted and already running cm7 , take a look at s2e . this app allows you to move both /data/data and data/dalvik-cache to your sd card . the only prerequisite is that your sd card must be re-partitioned to add a second ext2/3/4 partition , after the main fat32 one . there are many partition tools available ( free and paid ) that can do this for you . i personally use partitionwizard 's minitool partition wizard home edition ( windows , freeware ) . it is also recommended to use a stand-alone usb sd card reader for repartitioning as opposed to built-in readers on most laptops , since those tend to not properly write partition tables to sd cards . p.s. do not forget to back up the contents of the sd card before attempting to re-partition it , since it will wipe all of your data from it .
there seems to be multiple options available . with a relevant internet search there is an application called bump which shares files by simply bumping both devices together . i am not sure if it does it over wifi if available or only does it over 3g . there is another option where you can set up an ftp server on the device using an application called swiftp which is not being maintained anymore but the last update was june 2010 . you can install this on one device and use es file explorer on the other device to compress and upload the file it using the ftp option . a third option would be use hoccer which probably uses their service as dropbox does , though i can not be 100% sure . i would personally recommend the ftp solution since that seems the most straight forward and you get to ensure that you have a direct connection .
you might want to check out the dolphin browser . it supports many extensions , two of them doing exactly what you want : dolphin screen cut web to pdf
you have not specified the android version , but on tablets the difference is generally because the system bar ( or " combined bar" ) is 48px ( specifically , 48dpi , but in your case that is 48 real pixels ) and the apps are only considering available screen space when they report the resolution : portrait = 768 x ( 976 + 48 ) = 768 x 1024 landscape = 1024 x ( 720 + 48 ) = 1024 x 768 some references : what is the true available resolution of a 10.1 android tablet ? asus tf101 tablet status bar steals 48 pixels metrics and grids ( from developer.android.com; explains why 48 dpi was chosen for ui components )
no , it is not possible . how did i get such result ? as always i started to google this possibility but found nothing interesting . so i decided to check android browser source code . if you want you can download it by typing in console : git clone https://android.googlesource.com/platform/packages/apps/Browser  after 5-10 minutes ( i am not new in programming ) of looking repository i found 2 facts : 1 ) the homepage is saved as one String ( java type ) . 2 ) the homepage is opening by calling this function ( in Controller.java ) : @Override public Tab openTabToHomePage() { return openTab(mSettings.getHomePage(), false, true, false); }  so as you see ( if you know programming a bit ) it returns one tab , not several ( like List&lt;Tab&gt; ) .
analysis luckily , logcat gave the ip address along ( in my case : 74.125.93.113 ) . on my pc , i first checked with the browser ( "https://74.125.93.113/" ) -- and in fact , connection timed out . next i checked what is behind the ip : host 74.125.93.113 113.93.125.74.in-addr.arpa domain name pointer qw-in-f113.1e100.net.  did not tell me anything . but checking with /etc/hosts on the android device , i found the entry : 74.125.93.113 android.clients.google.com  a lookup of that host reveiled : the ip 74.125.93.113 no longer belongs to it -- which explains the trouble . solution the solution requires root , unfortunately , as /etc/hosts is owned by root and read-only for everybody else . furthermore , /etc is just a symbilic link to /system/etc , which means the entire file system is read only . what you need root a terminal emulator app ( e . g . android terminal emulator ) what to do open the terminal app , and follow these steps : now just wait a short time -- or simply call up google play to check . it should not take long for the lights to turn green again .
yes , add both your account to settings > account , then you can choose which account to sign in to on the youtube app . make sure to sign out first swipe left , and tap on sign in you should be presented with an account chooser
i actually found this site http://viewsonic-gtablet-for-dummies.webs.com/ , reading through it , its great ! just what i need .
if you are rooted , this is quite easy to find out . first you need to find the app 's package name , e.g. com.swype.android.inputmethod for swype , or com.google.android.apps.maps for google maps , for example . you can usually search for the app in android market , and the link will contain its package name , e.g. https://market.android.com/details?id=com.google.android.apps.maps would be the link to google maps . usually the package names are descriptive enough that you can simply guess which app they represent just by looking at it . you can do a few simple ls commands in terminal emulator or adb shell to find out the app 's name , and where it is stored . however , you will need to have root access to the device since app and data storage is protected . pre-installed apps are generally located in /system/app directory . use the command ls -l /system/app/ to find how much space a particular system app is taking up : on most stock roms you will see an . odex file along with a . apk file for each app - those are pre-compiled binaries optimized for your given device . you cannot remove them . 3rd-party apps are installed to /data/app or /data/app-private directories . command ls -l /data/app/[package_name_here]* should return the amount of space taken up by this app on internal memory . for example , here 's the output of looking at google maps apk : the app data and settings are located on /data/data/ partition . there you will find a directory for each installed app , e.g. /data/data/com.google.android.apps.maps/ for preferences and settings related to the google maps app . again , ls -l /data/data/com.google.android.apps.maps/* will return a listing of all files with their sizes : android 2.2 ( froyo ) introduced the ability to move apps to sd card ( or " external storage " on some devices ) . this introduces a level of complexity since portions of the app get moved around . for every app that you move to sd card/media area , the system creates a virtual mount point named /dev/block/dm-X , where " x " is a sequential number . it them moves the app 's apk ( android package ) file and some preferences there . you can view this by issuing a mount command in shell/terminal emulator . along with other usual mounts , it should show which apps were moved to sd card like in an example below : here i moved astro file manager and atrackdog apps to the sd card on my phone . use ls /mnt/asec/ to view the directories created for the moved apps . issuing command ls -l /mnt/asec/* will list the file sizes within those folders : the wrapper for the virtual partition gets stored inside a hidden " . android_secure " folder of the sd card : once moved the app 's apk will no longer be under /data/app/ or /data/app-private/ folders . another area of interest is dalvik cache - an area that contains cached data for each installed app . upon first boot-up or new app installation the system generates a . dex file for each app that it uses for quicker start-up . these files are stored on /data/dalvik-cache/ partition . command ls -l /data/dalvik-cache/*[package_name_here]* will return the space taken up by the app 's dalvik cache . for example , here 's how much space is taken up by google maps app : next , the /cache partition of the internal memory may be used by apps . the command ls -l /cache/ will show you all files stored there , along with sizes and owner information . for example , on my phone here 's the output : besides the standard directories , there is a file named downloadfile-1.apk that belongs to something named " app_13" . i can cross-reference this " app_13" name to the listing of ls -l /data/data/ to see that this file belongs to android 's built-in downloader : finally , apps can use the sd card for their own purposes , and there is really no way to track this , unless the app names its folders something recognizable .
most samsung android phones and tablets can be restored back to " stock " firmware via odin or heimdal tools . this wipes all traces of rooting or any other kind of system alterations , and in most cases is sufficient for sending the device in for in-warranty servicing to the carrier of manufacturer . however , with the galaxy s2 series of devices samsung introduced a hidden " flash counter " which keeps track of how many times such a tool has been used . a community developer actually found where this information is stored and created an app that allows you to reset the counter . unfortunately the app only works on ics ( android 4 . x ) right now . see this thread on xda-developers forum for more details .
from what google tells me , this appears to be a touchwiz issue . try a different launcher and see if that fixes it .
see the section on automatic aggregation of contact data in the using the contacts api from the technical resources on the android developers site . as the article explains : when a raw contact is added or modified , the system looks for matching ( overlapping ) raw contacts with which to aggregate it . it may not find any matching raw contacts , in which case it will create an aggregate contact that contains just the original raw contact . if it finds a single match , it creates a new contact that contains the two raw contacts . and it may even find multiple similar raw contacts , in which case it chooses the closest match . two raw contacts are considered to be a match if at least one of these conditions is met : they have matching names . their names consist of the same words but in different order ( for example , "Bob Parr" and "Parr, Bob" ) one of them has a common short name for the other ( for example , "Bob Parr" and "Robert Parr" ) one of them has just a first or last name and it matches the other raw contact . this rule is less reliable , so it only applies if the two raw contacts are also sharing some other data like a phone number , an email address or a nickname ( for example , Helen ["elastigirl"] = Helen Parr ["elastigirl"] ) at least one of the two raw contacts is missing the name altogether and they are sharing a phone number , an email address or a nickname ( for example , Bob Parr [incredible@android.com] = incredible@android.com ) . when comparing names , the system ignores upper/lower case differences (Bob=BOB=bob) and diacritical marks (H\xe9l\xe8ne=Helene) . when comparing two phone numbers the system ignores special characters such as "*" , "#" , "(", ")" , and whitespace . also if the only difference between two numbers is that one has a country code and the other does not , then the system considers those to be a match ( except for numbers in the japan country code ) automatic aggregation is not permanent ; any change of a constituent raw contact may create a new aggregate or break up an existing one . the article then goes on to explain the various modes that an application can assign to the raw contacts that it creates . depending on the mode , the system will either : automatically aggregate the contact as similarities are found with other contacts . where similarities no longer exist , these aggregations will be removed . never aggregate the contact with any other . perform no further aggregation on a contact , even if that contact changes such that it would be taken out of an aggregate group . aside from this automatic aggregation , applications are also allowed to manually set up aggregate contacts . in these cases , the algorithm depends on the application . finally , you may manually join contacts in the people app by editing one of a pair of contacts , and selecting Join from the overflow menu .
the second user will have to explicitly install the wanted app ( in your example : facebook )  as otherwise all accounts ' app drawers would be cluttered with a bunch of apps not wanted by everybody , except for those who installed them . but if the app already had been installed before by another account , it will rather be a " fake install " ( i.e. . it appears as if the app would be installed anew , but it is not downloaded again from playstore , and thus does not consume " double space" ) . one side-effect to that is : whenever a user decides to update the app , that update applies to all other accounts of the device as well .
i finally found my problem . this might have been specific to my windows machine , but i am writing it down here in case someone else has the same problem . turns out i did not have a usb . inf file in my C:\Windows\inf directory . apparently some installers/uninstallers have been known to mess with that file . i found the tip in this thread while trying to figure out why my new mouse did not work . . . i copied the four files from C:\Windows\System32\DriverStore\FileRepository\usb.inf_amd64_neutral_153b489118ee37b8 over to C:\Windows\inf and re-installed the drivers and the security dialog popped right up on the tablet .
just to add closure to this question , i finally resolved it by downloading an Mms.apk from a different aosp ics build rom . it seems the one that came with the rom i am using has some issues . using the Mms.apk from another rom fixed it for me .
i just had this problem , and somehow i got this solved . what i did : entered settings -> applications -> manage applications . selected the market app , and " uninstall updates " . after that , i entered the market app again , and i was able to reinstall the app who got stucked . ps : i am not sure if this was just a coincidence , or this procedure works always , but it worked for me . ps2: my android version is actually in portuguese language , so i am not sure the option names i referred to above are correct in english .
i leave it off so that i can review the list of pending updates and see what changed . of course , that only helps for the apps that list changes in the market description . every once in a while , developers do release updates that are a step backwards- either because of introducing bugs or major redesigns that lose features ( astrid , i am looking at you ) . if you wait long enough before updating , then you may be alerted to that situation via comments .
if you want to use your browser to upload the image , try switching out of mobile view from the page footer . then you should be able to upload it the same way as on a desktop browser . you could also use the apps ( either official or third-party ) for more upload options .
recommendation questions are not allowed here , but i will give this a shot because i have already encountered this feature . ezpdf reader supports this . assuming you have a table of contents ( toc ) , clicking on a chapter link will take you to a page far from the toc . if you click on the button encircled below , it will take you back to the toc .
i have a similarly sized contact list and i have found that the voice dialer is both slow to load and slow to find responses on my moto droid ( on 2.0 , 2.1 and 2.2 ) . i stopped using the voice dialer and started using voice search ( aka . voice actions ) by saying " call jane smith mobile . " i have found voice search to open quickly and to find contacts quickly . both of those apps came preloaded on my phone and are from google . while i do not know the architecture of either app it would make sense to me that the voice dialer would be affected by the size of the contact list more directly than the voice search app .
as your computer is running windows , you need to install the appropriate device driver first . most manufacturers offer one for download on their resp . websites , specifically tailored for the device in question ; but that would also mean you had need multiple drivers if you had multiple devices . a good solution reported to work fine with multiple different devices , and also supporting windows 8 fine , is koushik dutta 's universal adb driver . this would hence free you from the hazzle of possible driver conflicts , if you one day decide to use a different/additional device .
it is impossible , because fs has huge corruptions at different places . you can to use file repare utilities to try repare some data , but mostly it is broken by write to fs at the same moment , as dump process .
yes . according to the guide here on sideloading apps onto your kindle fire hd it should work fine . you will need to allow the installation of apps from unknown sources which can be done in the device menu . note that for certain apps , including chrome , that need a google account you will need to download and install the google framework and to reboot your device . i will provide a quick summary of the link that explains side loading : the first thing you need to do is install a file manager app . i personally use file expert , but you can use whatever works for you . next you need to get the app file . you can find it by searching on google : ( app name ) apk . so in this case you would search ' chrome apk ' , there is plenty of links from that . once you have those , navigate to the downloads folder with the file manager , and tap the . apk file . click install , and you are set ! you can find the app in apps> device , it will not be in cloud .
that is the " recent apps " button . it is alternative of long-press physical home button . if you tap this , a scrollable screen appears containing thumbnails of suspended or closed recent apps . you can tap thumbnails to switch to apps or swipe it to discard .
you can find proper tools to unpack boot , recovery , system and data images here : mtk-tools thread of the author on xda developers , thank him : ) usage : ./unpack-MT65xx.pl boot.img ./repack-MT65xx.pl -boot &lt;kernel&gt; &lt;ramdisk-directory&gt; boot.img 
both premium and hd are ad-free and the latter is for tablets .
yes , blocked contacts can still see your online status .
if you have no reason to why the wifi drops , you might try changing the wifi sleep policy . the wifi sleep policy handles when or if the wifi connection shall switch to mobile data . if this option is set to the default value , when screen turns off , wifi connection automatically switches off when the phone has been idle for a while . you can try setting this to never , which will keep the connection on , even when the phone is not used . to change this setting , navigate to settings -> wireless and networks -> wi-fi settings -> [ menu ] -> advanced -> wi-fi sleep policy .
maybe it is not the whole answer but two things seem to have made a big difference : one , my captivate was recently upgraded to froyo officially . the new youtube app seems to perform remarkably better . two , and this is the really interesting bit , i switched from wpa on 802.11g to wpa2 on 802.11n , and my wifi speeds went from ~200-300k to 4-5m . not sure exactly why but it is definitely something to consider if you see performance problems in an app that relies on the network . . .
the pin layout between the working and not working head phones might be different and hence this behaviour . though it appears to be simple there is no one standard to which all these manufactures seems to stick with . for instance my lg p500 's stock ear phones exhibit this issue with sony ericsson sk17i , while sony 's head set played well in my lg p500 . the same problem exhibits when i use my lgp500 head phones in my desktop computer . while doing so , i just pull out the head phone slightly out to solve this issue .
the update is just a bug fix update , no new features . the lock screen bug that you mentioned allowed bypassing the lock screen for a short amount of time , details can be found for example on theverge or androidcentral .
the xda article how to - connect nexus 4 to xp like mtp device describes the steps needed for windows xp as follows : connect your nexus to pc . go to my computer> properties> device manager and double click on mtp device go to details and copy ( ctr+c ) info like ( usb\vid_18d1 and pid_4ee2 and mi_00 ) ( you can copy it from here too , if it is identically ) unplug nexus from pc . go to c:\windows\inf folder ( it is hidden ) find a file " wpdmtp . inf " and open it with any text editor ( notepad ) modify or paste ( ctrl+p ) what did you copy at step "3" as bottom i showed . save and close the file . connect your nexus to pc go to device manager and update mtp driver . tick chekbox " install the software automatically ( recomenden ) " on driver installation dialog and install driver . wait for a moment and you can see nexus 4 like an mtp device . now you should see the mtp device , and be able to transfer files to it . hope this solves your issue : )
if you are asking for a remote desktop solution that allows you to view/control your desktop/laptop from your android mobile device over local wireless network , the answer is : any rdp/vnc app . personally i use pocketcloud by wyse . it supports both rdp ( microsoft windows , built into the os ) and vnc ( cross platform , if you have a linux computer or apple toy you want to view/control , or you prefer vnc on windows ) protocols . either rdp or vnc will work over a local network and , if you have proper firewall configuration and dns setup , can be used over the public internet as well with reasonable security . vnc requires a server to be running on the computer you wish to control . there are several " flavors " of vnc out there , and many of them are free ( as in beer ) . check out tightvnc for a pretty solid version . rdp requires you to enable remote desktop on your computer . in later version of windows it is disabled by default . the good thing about both these tools is that they are protocols , not confined app systems . as in , you do not need a microsoft app on your android tablet to view an rdp session , and you can install any vnc viewer app on your tablet/phone to view any type of vnc server . ( note : with certain types of authentication in vnc , i have found some viewer apps do not work . just find the right combination for what you need . ) if , however , you are asking something different , please clarify your question to indicate what it is you are actually asking .
that is another xy problem question : you ask how to establish your suggested solution , instead to ask how to solve your real problem , which is your actual concern . for this task , you do not even need any custom rom . take a look at andmade share -- this app lets you customize your share menu on any rom , not even root is needed : as you can easily see , this app lets you . . . select ( filter ) the apps appearing in the list ( as your question required ) change the order in which they appear in the list ( e . g . put your most frequently used apps on top )
the connector must be a bit loose ( or incorrectly sized ) and as it wiggles around in the socket , it hits the connectors in a way that makes the phone think it is equipped with a mic ( that is , a trrs plug instead of trs ) . try another pair of headphones or try twisting and aligning the plug/cord so that there no pull or twist in the root of the cord .
though not the identical issue , the solution provided with the question download stuck in gmail solves it as well : clear the cache of the download manager . to do so , go to settings&rarr ; apps&rarr ; manage apps , switch to the " all " tab , scroll to the " download manager " . tap that entry , and hit the button labeled " clear cache " . optionally , also tap " clear data " , if cache-cleaning alone does not solve the issue .
sorry , have not updated this in a while . since i was only using the free 2gb microsd bundled with the phone , this was causing the problem . so i purchased a 16gb , this fixed the issue . thanks !
upload the map to google from your device on maps.google.com, click " my maps " ( top left , below the google maps logo ) select the map you want to edit click the ' edit ' button ( top right in the left sidebar ) the line is now editable . right-click points on the line you want to delete and select ' delete this point ' .
i think so . find the message you sent in the " messaging " app . long-press on it . choose " copy message text " . now run the mail app , compose an email , and in the body of the message , long-press , and choose " paste " from the pop-up menu .
not currently , but the slide . me application manager ( sam ) 4 will have support for updates .
black is the default plot color for android , so this is the placeholder until the app completes it is layout operation . there are a number of things that can cause an app to have a delay here : performing a network call ( s ) . loading data from disk . garbage collection from other tasks . restoring a complex drawing . you can check to see if it is related to network latency by putting your phone in airplane mode and opening the app . if the app pops right up , the long delay is likely due to a network call that takes a while to complete ( and completes immediately as an error when there is no connection ) . the other three are trickier to test for . if it is garbage collection , you will likely only see the delay when other apps have been recently running and then switching immediately the misbehaving app . you can completely uninstall an app , including user data , and then re-install to see if it has something to do with your personal settings .
strangely , this does not appear to be possible in tasker , by default . however , i see there is the autoshortcut app on google play which is meant to allow it . interestingly , tasker itself will tell you about autoshortcut ( complete with a link to google play ) if you press the magnifying glass icon when attempting to add a plugin action to a task ( i will update this answer with screen shots when i get around to it ) . theoretically , it should also be possible using the Send Intent action , but that seems way more complicated than should be necessary for such a simple task . if autoshortcut does not work for you , let me know , and i can try to figure out what the intent settings should be .
the bluetooth device names come from the device itself , so unless there is a way to do this from your headset , this is not possible , at least on stock android . a quick google search revealed a thread that claimed cyanogenmod 7 can do this ( it creates an alias for the device , does not change the name itself ) .
simply put , no . web pages are complex to the point where it is effectively impossible to determine what bits are necessary for the page to be usable , readable , maintain the right order , etc . for an arbitrary page . when you couple this with poorly-coded websites containing errors and the like it becomes quite a mess . this is why the two things you mention are not perfect .
acccording to this xda thread , it does not support glonass they ran gps tests on both galaxy note and htc one x , the former of which does officially support glonass ; and the former showed 2x the amount of detected satellites .
yes it is perfectly safe . but u should be rooted to remove it . i have removed play-store on my galaxy fit a long time ago , reason being it always triggered the installation of google play services .
there will only be problems if you rely on background services to do processor intensive tasks . for example , on an older android phone , music running in the background would skip when the cpu was set at a low enough clock rate . so to answer your question , only if it is noticeable to you .
you should be able to do this from the settings of the camera app , rather than the system settings .
it looks like a non-trivial issue , i am afraid . the logcat output you provided did not actually give the cause of the issue . may i suggest that in the meantime you use another launcher ? nova launcher and apex launcher are particularly good replacements for you note 2 , or if you want to get fancy then tsf shell is fun .
google supports photo syncing , but you can disable this . if you have google+ installed , disable auto backup . open the app 's settings , and go to Auto Backup &gt; OFF . disable google photo sync . on your phone 's settings , go to System settings &gt; Accounts &gt; Google &gt; username@gmail.com &gt; Sync Picasa Web albums . make sure sync is disabled . update 2013-11-22: as per damien golding , it is also worth noting that the settings of the camera must be checked . in his case , google photo sync was on in the Albums setting .
yes . from the widget , select the contact name ( not image ) . this brings you to the contact info . select the chain link in the upper right hand corner ( it should say linked in your specific example ) . finally , select the image in the upper left corner . you can select the image source from there . i tested it on the htc incredible . edit : i was originally referring to the favorites widget but basically , the favorites widget is just an example of the people widget which can be the any-group-at-all widget . ( i apologize if this is obvious , caffeine has not fully sunk in yet . )
as previously mentioned it is from go launcher . there is , however a setting to disable it . go to preferences and there should be an option to disable the christmas animation . i can no longer find it in mine but i do know it was there when the animation was appearing .
your three options are probably : downgrade maps use the browser-based google maps ( perhaps in incognito mode if you are paranoid ) use some other map application regarding osm , i think they do not have an official app , so you could also try to use an app that uses their data . the osm web site allows address searches , so that may just not be implemented in the app you are using . there is a bunch of osm compatible apps and their features listed here .
a phone connected through the usb , no . but if the phone is instead connected through bluetooth to the pc , you can try to turn on hfp ( hands free profile ) bluetooth profile service from your pc 's bluetooth stack . the only way i found this possible was from the bluesoleil bluetooth stack software where you can set the bluetooth to parade as a " headset " instead of " laptop/desktop " and hence your phone can connect to the pc thinking it is a headset . however , bluesoleil is not free and the evaluation version allows only 2mb worth of voice data packets in one connection after which the connection is automatically interrupted .
if it is the same people ringing you regularly what you could do is : add them as a contact , under ' ignore1' , ' ignore2' etc . whenever they ring go to contacts -> select ' ignore1' -> options ( or action menu ) -> select ' all calls to voicemail ' or if you do not like this method then you could try : mr . number : text , call and block ( free ) extreme call blocker droid ( paid )
the ' power control ' widget has five buttons for turning various functions on and off - including one controlling updating of applications ( the circular one with two arrows on it ) . you can add this widget by long pressing ( press and hold ) somewhere on your home screen , then selecting ' widget ' from the menu that pops up , then ' power control ' . i believe that if you press the ' refresh ' button to turn it off , it should stop applications updating automatically , but they can still be refreshed manually if needed . the widget also has handy buttons for easily turning on and off wifi , bluetooth and gps , and changing screen brightness . it takes up a whole row on the home screen though , so you might need to make some room . edit - the below image shows the power control widget with updating turned on , and all other functions turned off , taken from : htc desire review at android . marvinlee .net:
yes , you can see here that the htc 's rom is referred to as " internal storage " ( although it says 1.1 gb ) : http://www.htc.com/www/product/incredibles/specification.html .
searching the market , i found rawdroid demo . it says it'll open raw files from dslrs including canon . i have not tried it and it does not seem to have many downloads , so i am not sure if it will work .
this question is along these same lines : what causes battery to drain faster than it can charge ? so there may or may not be an app designed to drain the battery but you probably just need to turn on an app that uses the gps . this will help to fully drain your battery but i do not know that doing so before recharging will extend the battery life .
most phone/contacts apps list all contacts , from all added accounts by default . there are several system and application options that could resolve this confusion : from the home screen , press the menu key and go to settings -> accounts and sync . under the Manage account section go through each account ( by tapping on them , ) and verify that the Sync Contacts option is only checked for accounts that you really want to have synchronized with the phone . open the phone app and go to the " contacts " tab . press the menu button and tap the Display options button . check the box next to Only contacts with phones option to hide any contacts that do not have a phone number associated with them . under the Choose contacts to display section , expand any accounts that you have chosen to keep in sync in step 2 , and select the groups you wish displayed in the phone app by marking their check-box . keep in mind that some manufacturers have their own versions of phone and contacts apps , so the menu choices might be slightly different ( or even missing altogether . )
according to how to install clockworkmod recovery on sony xperia neo v this should be possible using unlockroot ( download ) , which requires a windows ( xp/vista/7 ) computer . the process is described at how to root android devices using unlock root tool , basically as follows : you should have a backup of your data ( for safety reasons ) your device should be fully charged usb drivers for the device should be installed on pc usb debugging must be turned on in the device connect the device to pc using usb cable run the downloaded tool , and click on unlock root , thats it . another guide available is learn how to root the sony ericsson xperia neo v -- in case you are not satisfied with the described method ; ) good luck !
vpn capabilities ( pptp , l2tp and ipsec ) for android were included from version 1.6 ( donut ) onwards .
it is routed by the carrier so even if your phone is off it will get appropriately routed to google voice . with non-android phones you have to type the carrier specific activation code into the keypad and hit send to make the change at the carrier level . the google voice android app takes care of this for you with a simple toggle in the settings menu .
chmod will never be supported . that is on purpose according to comments in the source code . here 's a reference to the fuse implementation on github pointing to a comment that says this . and the original head on googlesource ( a bit harder to navigate than github ) . even root cannot bypass it : note that ownership is hardcoded to media_rw:media_rw ( below /data/media ) . ps : /data/media is another story , all the regular permissions apply here , it is ext4 and root is allowed to do whatever it wants .
no piece of software that you install on any hardware of any form is 100% safe unless you are the author or you have read all of the source code , verified its safety , and built it yourself . okay , so this may be something of an oversimplification , but it is actually not too far off in most cases . custom roms are no exception to this . yes , a rom author could put spyware , a backdoor , or just about anything else they wanted into a rom if they wanted to maliciously exploit it . with aosp roms i suppose the possibilities are somewhat magnified since the android source itself could be modified to contain some kind of exploit or spyware . it is also worth noting , however , that running a manufacturer stock rom is not necessarily a safer option if you are concerned about privacy . the question " is android safe by default " is in some ways kind of a meaningless question . is it designed to be safe ? well yes , data is protected at the application level and apps are sandboxed . any os is intended to be safe , but all of that goes out the window when you run a rom that is not pure aosp . on top of that , the nature of code is that it has bugs , with android being no exception . custom roms and manufacturer roms alike can absolutely have the potential to introduce ( either intentionally or unintentionally ) ways for your data to be sniffed or stolen .
the " draw over other apps " permission ( known to developers as android.permission.SYSTEM_ALERT_WINDOW ) only lets the app create a window of type TYPE_SYSTEM_ALERT . this is the same type of window used by the battery warning , amongst other things , and is shown on top of any normal window , whatever you are doing . drawing this window on top of the other windows is done by android itself . an app with this permission still can not read other parts of the screen or read other apps ' data . this permission does not even let the app see ( the names of ) what other apps are running , which is controlled by a different permission called , " retrieve running apps " . facebook messenger does not use that permission , but the main facebook app does , in order to support facebook home . even so , this permission is far from harmless . an app might use this permission to display pop-up ads when you are doing something else : ads that you can not dismiss , not even by pressing home . with a bit of cunning , it might even be possible for an app to place a window that conceals an important confirmation dialog , so that while you think you are answering " yes " to a harmless question , the button belongs to a warning about installing further apps or deleting your data , which the system alert has hidden . this was a common tactic used by windows malware a few years ago ( before uac arrived in windows vista ) .
distance can be measured even if you place 2 points in one place - for mesurement used signal from satellites , and in city it is extremely difficult to predict it changes . accuracy depends on signal quality , and it is impossible to get it 100% even in a field , so when you move phone to 1 meter , signal change may be so small , what not detected , and it may be changed so seriously , what will displayed over 100 meters change ( tested on buildings corners with htc desire and nexus 7 ) .
assuming that it has not changed since ics , you can go to : Settings \u2192 Language &amp; Input \u2192 Android Keyboard settings  you can enable another languages over there and then you can quickly switch by long pressing on the space bar or by tapping on " select input method " entry on the notification bar .
basically , you can back up everything which has a " data provider " available -- as e.g. contacts , call-logs , sms , and the like . if you search the playstore for " backup " , it will give you a lot of apps for that . one of the best non-root backup solutions for this probably is mybackup pro , which covers most of it -- though there are a lot of apps offering to backup/restore parts . most other app 's data cannot be backed-up , however . some of them provide possibilities to export their settings ( and import them at a later point ) , others have dedicated backup apps ( i remember e.g. something like that for angry birds ) . for contacts and calendar , there is also the possibility to sync them with your google account . i would not , however , rely on the " google backup " for other things , as it is often reported to unsuccessfully restore . for that case , there are extra measures one can take . the easiest would be to logon to appbrain with your google credentials , and sync your installed apps . appbrain then allows you to save that as a list with their service : you can then use this list to restore all apps you put into it -- or you could even send it to a different device ( even a different user 's device ) for a " mass install " . in case you had some apps installed which are no longer available on the playstore , you could also take a look at appmonster : in its payed ( pro ) version , it also allows batch-install . plus , it captures each app you install/update and saves a copy -- which can be useful in the future as well : if some update breaks a functionality , you can ask appmonster to simply restore a previous ( captured ) version . and though this currently does not affect you ( as your android version is lower than 4.0 ) , just to mention for other users ( and your possible future device ) : starting with android 4.0 , there is the possibility for a full backup of non-rooted devices ( rooted users always have this possibility with titanium backup  root ) . data stored on your sd card should not be affected by the factory-reset .
make device as root go to xda-developers . com - seeder topic install last seeder apk on your device run it and then your device should work better .
/proc/ is a filesystem that contains special files describing the current state of processes and the kernel . /proc/mounts contains information on the current mountpoints . mountpoints are similar drive letters in windows . since there is only one file hierarchy in linux , any file systems that are not the operating system 's fs ( like an sd card , /proc , etc ) need to be grafted onto this solitary tree . details on these graftpoints are accessible by reading /proc/mounts . part of the info that can be retrieved from this file is the current space utilization and capacity of each filesystem . because it is a file system usage utility , this app probably needs this info in order to tell you how much free space there is on the sd card and/or the main os filesystem . serial permission allows the app to grab a unique identifier for for your phone . i am not sure specifically how this app intends to use it .
from the wi-fi settings page , tap menu and choose advanced . from the advanced wi-fi settings , uncheck " network notification " . it is only for open networks , but those are the only ones that ics on the epic touch 4g reports .
you may want to read this blog post . you might get a way with simply trying to access any web site and waiting for the Buy Web DayPass prompt . otherwise you might need to do the trick mentioned in the blog , which is trying the above on a non-android phone and then swapping the the daypass enabled sim .
i reproduced the exact same issue on my nexus 10 after upgrading to kitkat . cycling power on the device after the update resolved the problem for me .
the jack is probably dirty , or the wires could have loose connections in the phone . try cleaning the headphone jack .
hold volume up and back key . have you tried this ?
looking at the developers website it should be as simple as copying the gallery vault backup data folder .thinkyeah/ to your new device 's sd card . you should then be able to install the app on your new device and open the vault with the same password you previously used .
this shows the difference between agps and gps . agps ( assisted gps ) uses a small amount of mobile data to establish a rough location fix ( about 1km-100m accuracy ) based on the cell towers near you . this gives a faster initial location fix than just gps . since you had roaming disabled , agps was not available and getting a location fix on just gps can take a while , especially on some firmware versions of the galaxy s .
if you are using google two step authorisation , then you can revoke the one-time password that you assigned to the phone remotely from your google account 's settings , i do not think that this is possible unless you are using the two step authorisation . go to your google account settings page , click the edit link beside "2 step verification " , click " manage application-specific passwords " , look down the list for the password assigned to your old phone and click the " revoke " link . next time the phone tries to access your google account , it should be denied access and your sister will see a warning asking her to enter the new password . if you have not set up the two step authorisation then , to do it directly on the phone , as long as the phone is running android 2.1 ( eclair ) or newer , then you can go into settings -> accounts and sync -> then select the account and you should have a remove account button at the bottom of the screen . once you have done this switch the phone off and on again ( just to make sure that no apps are running that have already logged in ) , and it should be removed . note that this will not remove all of your old data from the phone , it will just remove some of the google synced data , and stop anything new from coming down from ( or going up to ) your google account . to be sure that all of your old data is removed from the phone , you will need to wipe the phone with a factory reset .
if you go to the bottom of the search results page , you will see something like ( View Google in: Mobile | Classic ) , you can click on " classic " to view the current search result in desktop version of google , which of course have the ' cached ' link .
as far as i know , this is just the way motorola designed their blur interface . see , for example , this screenshot from a blog post on motorola 's dev site : this basically appears anywhere that a developer uses a ListView object , which is fairly common as it is the native way to display . . . well , a list of things ( appropriately named , no ? ) . motorola describes their reasoning as such : the gray background at the bottom of the list is inherited from the device theme . its purpose is to show users where the list ends . in your case , the gray is instead white ( which i have also seen on the droid x ) , but the same concept applies . if you want to get rid of it you basically need to re-theme your device and get rid of the blur ui , which is generally not possible without rooting and using a custom rom due to how tightly integrated it is into the system . alternatively , you could email the developer and politely ask them to re-theme the ListView , since they have the option to explicitly override the default theming if they want . whether or not they think it is worth the effort is kind of out of your control at that point , though .
in the app 's settings try changing the default locale . different ones ( even " china" ) will change the interval by which the tuner seeks .
source : samsung faqs : cell phones : what is kies lite mode , and what can i do when using it ? kies lite mode launches the application with a reduced set of features . this uses fewer system resources and lets some key features of kies run more efficiently . using kies lite mode , you can access and use these features more quickly : firmware upgrade , sync data , backup , and restore . you can switch to kies lite mode by clicking kies lite mode icon in the top-right corner of the screen . if you switch to kies lite and you close the application , kies will open in lite mode next time you run the application . to switch back to " normal " kies mode , simply click the icon again . or open kies in lite mode by double-clicking kies lite icon on your windows desktop . so it would seem that the functionality is limited to : firmware upgrade , sync data , backup , and restore .
yes . few years ago , google apps services were separate from normal google services . even cookies were different and compatible to each other . from last year , all google apps accounts are normal google account ( you will have to sign out from normal google account if you want to sign in with google apps account in a web browser ) . and , it supports android too . i have tested it .
had this very issue earlier tonight myself . the 51-android . rules needs to be world read-execute , and it is probably best to run service udev restart ( or reboot ) after changing this , then re-plug your device . if it still does not work , double-check the vendor id you have supplied ; with your android device connected , run lsusb . htc also use the vendor id 18d1 on newer devices .
the best backup you can do is a Nandroid backup . i did not know what it was for a long time , but it works like magic . i will include instructions , but note that i have an evo , so they might vary a little . reboot into recovery this is different for most phones , for example , the evo you reset while holding the `volume down` button . or , since you have a rooted phone , you might be able to get to it by holding down the `power` button , then selecting `reboot/recovery` . once in this menu , select `backup/restore` choose `backup` , or a similarly named option flash your new rom or whatever , and if you are not pleased , simply follow the steps back to recovery and do a Restore . this will reset your phone to it is exact settings from before , down to which widgets you had on your homescreen and what settings you had enabled and disabled .
the recent changes list for v1.4.4857 ( released around 11/11/10 ) states : we added support for front facing cameras on samsung devices we fixed an issue that was causing some htc evos to reboot when launching tango so it looks like they needed to change something specific in their software to let you use the front facing camera , and they have done that now !
usually apps require internet access for ads , analytical data , or for sending bug reports/stack traces back to the developer . other reasons might include using google 's licensing servers to validate legitimate copies of apps with android market purchases ( google 's licensing servers use the check_license permission ) . similarly , some developers produce their own keys and license servers ( prior to google 's implementation ) . for instance , i am the developer of a tipping calculator app . it requires the internet permission to send analytical data back to me via flurry . one day i plan to add this remote stack tracing program for more detailed errors ( but i have not yet because so far my app has not really generated any bugs/errors ) . but the value of this information is worth asking for the internet permission . i can see exactly how many users of what android os are using my app and what are the most popular phones using my app . however , i also give users an " opt out " in the settings if they choose to not send me this information .
try to flash the original firmware for your phone , then dial *#*#7378423#*#* on your dialer app and navigate to service menu -&gt; service info -&gt; configuration . it should be indicated there .
i found that device https://sites.google.com/site/bobjgear/android-ethernet-adapter i think it is the solution . if you have some specific tablet like xoom you can use ethernet with that specific adapter
no . swiftkey does not have a 9-key mode .
more often than not , digital . consider : how in the world would the motor for moving a lens fit in a phone case ? for that matter , where would the find the room to have variable focal length ? would the manufacturers really put such a battery-drainer in the unit ? how much more expensive would it be , too ? should somebody actually come up with a phone with optical zoom , it would be a big deal and a huge marketing gimmick . ( "the only phone camera with optical zoom ! " ) i have not seen any . have you ? that is not to say that someday someone will not make has not made such a phone . there sure are not any right now . unless they make a big deal about the camera zoom , you can assume it is digital .
hangout is the replacement to google talk . and on hangout you can see people online . go into hangout , click the + sign to have " new hangout " ( + sign is on top right , or simply swipe from right to left ) , and all people with a green hangout sign are online people . all people with grey hangout are offline , but you can send them ' offline ' messages so they can see it as soon as they are online . unfortunately this is only half the answer as i do not see a way to remove hangout back to google talk . if anyone can add to this answer , please do .
you can report the app to google . when visiting the app 's page in the web version of the play store , there is a link for " flag as inappropriate " . under " malicious or inappropriate android apps " ( and i would say this probably qualifies ) you are given two options for reporting the app . one through the play store app on your device , the other via a web site . application providers must adhere to the google play business and program policies . if you see an application that does not follow these standards , you can report it by flagging it from the google play store app on your android device . open the google play store app . visit the application 's page . scroll down and select flag as inappropriate . you can also report malicious or inappropriate apps to the google play team through the android developer help center .
create a profile that is active when connected to the bluetooth device and set up an exit task to run whatever you want when the profile becomes inactive due to the device disconnects .
50 mb is not much . consider that for installation , the apk gets probably temporarily stored there ( in /data/local ( not always sometimes it is in the /cache/download/ folder ) -- at least that is what the playstore app does , i am not sure about a " local install " where the .apk probably is available from your sdcard ) for processing , then gets installed ( below /data/app ) and initializes its data ( below /data/data ) . and during all that , it should leave enough free space to allow all other apps to work normally : creating temporary files , log files ( at least the latter again being stored below /data in many cases , e . g those you can access via logcat ) , and manipulate their data ( guess where -- yes , again below /data/data ) . so you see : most of these actions take place on the /data partition . now look what size the .apk of sbp shell 3d has . something about 10 . . 15 mb ? so when installed , it creates its data structure below /data/data as well , which adds to this . and during all that installation process , free space probably falls below 30 mb ( if it really requires a copy in /data/local for the install , even below 20 mb ) -- which is why the system alerts about " free space getting low " . the solution already came with the warning : uninstall some apps . or move some bigger ones / rarely used apps to sd , if possible . or clean up some cache -- but that will only help temporarily . you might also want to check some other space/installation related questions here : why is insufficient storage wrongly reported when installing an . apk via adb ? is there a way to workaround the phone memory limit for installed apps ? why can not i install apps when i have enough storage ? application does not get installed : insufficient storage available could be good starting points .
that button is for replying to a tweet
i finally managed to sort it out last night . some of the steps are redundant . boot in recovery mode format all paths visible in boot and mount ( possible redundancy here ) back to first level of menu , wipe factory clean , erase cache ( redundant imho ) go to advanced -> clean dalvik cache install the latest nightly of cyanogenmod ( for lack of a more stable release ) install their gapps ( even if the note 2 is not in the list of supported devices - if i read the table correctly ) i have done bits and pieces of the points before - but only all of them put together allowed me to have a working phone ( like i said before , there were lots of leftovers from previous experiments ) .
unfortunately you can not change the number of screens and still use the htc sense ui . at least not in any of the versions i have seen . you can uninstall it or turn it off , but then you will not have free access to all of the htc widgets , if you like those . if you really want the performance kick you will get from less screens in total , and therefore using less ram , you will have to go back to vanilla android . simply using less widgets , as you have done , will certainly help somewhat . i feel you pain too , i really only need 3 screens for my favorite widgets and folders , bit i kind of like some the the htc widgets .
there is the leds hack app if you have got the root thing going .
gingerbread 2.3.4 rom added support for device encryption , but the feature was not accessible from settings until honeycomb ( tablets ) and ics ( smartphones ) . to enable device encryption in gingerbread device , you need to add an exchange account . not sure , but it should be accessible through api too . there are also some hacks to enable device encryption directly in gingerbread : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1405165
actually , i found that all downloaded files are always stored in /mnt/sdcard/Download no matter they are " opened " or " saved " so i can grab them from there with any file manager
a software update fixed this problem . must've been a bug in opera mobile .
in android 2.2 's stock keyboard , a long press on space bar then swiping left or right should allow you to switch between languages you selected on Settings &gt; Language &amp; Keyboard settings &gt; Android keyboard &gt; Input Languages &gt; Select Multiple Languages . note that it depends on your manufacturer , carrier , and rom whether your phone will have the dictionary for the languages you want to use .
this does not belong here , but that aside . . . you do not really " install " the drivers . the framework needed for usb otg is often found in custom kernels , you should be looking there . this question is also probably best asked on the forum thread of the custom rom you flashed . a quick look at your device 's forum on xda shows a fully working stock-based custom rom that supports usb otg out of the box . http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2204384 i would start with that .
there are two ways i think you can do this , in the android app , click on the layer selection and go to the my maps layer , where you should see your private maps . if you want to access your bookmarked address , from the main maps screen , click the menu button and choose the bookmarks option . ( not sure about bookmarks , i have a french ui , so it shows as ' favoris' )
you might try the ultimate rotation control app -- when i tested , i found that it could force any of the apps i tested to rotate . it is a seven day free trial , then requires a license purchase ( us$2.99 ) . it turned out that i did not really consider the app that inspired me to download this any better when force rotated , so i did not purchase , but your mileage may vary .
often times , one of the main differences between android phone models is the supported frequency bands . this can be because they simply use different antennas for different bands , or because they support completely different network standards ( e . g . cdma and gsm versions ) . it is not uncommon for devices to be released with completely different names on different networks , in fact , when they are essentially the same device . for example , the original galaxy s had a number of named variants on different carriers : the captivate , the vibrant , and the fascinate . there can also be other hardware differences between variants as well . in this case specifically , the i9500 international version of the gs4 does not have an lte radio , although the i9505/i9506 does . in the gs4 's case , this is because they are built with entirely different systems on a chip : the i9500 uses an exynos whereas the others use snapdragons . significant hardware differences like this are , from what i have seen , not generally as common ( although i have no hard numbers ) , though some changes to less essential things like the camera or nfc support could exist as well 1 . the spec sheets for each version should outline this information , though , so it is worth checking since there is no real way to " generalize " these differences . the international versions will work on at and t and t-mobile usa 's 2g networks , as well as at and t 's 3g and certain t-mobile 3g areas ( ones using the 850 mhz band ) , but will not support lte on either . they will not work at all on verizon , because they do not support cdma networks nor do they support verizon 's lte band . even if they did , verizon will typically not activate non-branded phones on their network . if you are going to use verizon , you need to buy a verizon phone . can i use my device on a different carrier ? has more detailed information on how to make these determinations . a rom for one phone will not typically work on other variants , or if it does it will be somewhat broken . for example , running a rom for the gsm galaxy nexus ( maguro ) on a cdma variant ( like toro ) would often work since the hardware was largely the same , but you could not make phone calls or access 3g data or the like . in this specific scenario , i would not expect a rom for the international gs4 to run on another variant at all . they use completely different systems on a chip . in most cases , the only real " con " , as such , to owning an unlocked/off-network phone is that you cannot get official support for the device through your carrier . they will often be willing to provide some kind of equipment protection plan or insurance , but if you go into a store or call customer service for technical support they will not be able to help you . 1 with samsung it may be slightly more common , because of the nature of the situation . they designed the exynos chipset , which is why they use it in their devices in place of qualcomm 's snapdragon , but they did not have an exynos soc that supported lte at the time . thus , in markets where they intend to support lte , they sometimes go with entirely different chips ( like snapdragons ) .
the desire supports sdhc which is upto 32gb so it should work fine . i have a 16gb in my droid and there is no difference noticable from a smaller card ( other than it having more capacity ) . if you were to find a bigger card ( i am not sure they have any in micro ) you had need a phone that supports sdxc .
to answer if google distributes binaries for your device : no , they do not ( unless you have a nexus device ) . they do , however , have the full android source code available so that if you wanted you could compile the source code for your device . however , that leads into your second question about the drivers and such . yes , you will need to find the drivers and any other proprietary files that your device requires for it to interface with android . you would have to search about compiling a custom rom for your device and how to include these files . likely , your simplest choice is find an aosp ( android open source project ) rom that exists for your device and install that . check the xda forums to see if your device is included on their site . if so , go into the development sub-section for your device to search for roms .
compass calibration works by detecting the magnetic field intensity of earth . but sometimes due to strong interference from other electronic devices like transformers compass sensor may get wrong idea about the magnetic poles of earth and can point in wrong direction . so to ensure that it asks users to recalibrate compass by rotating in figure 8 direction so that it can judge the magnetic intensity in all directions and then from that data it deduces the actual poles of earth .
you do not need to do anything . every device using google backup with the same google account keeps its own separate set of data . when you sign into your google account for the first time after a factory-reset , the device will look through all the backup sets and try to pick the most recent one from the same device . it'll restore from that set of data , and use that to create a new backup set . only if you sign in on a completely new device that you have not used before ( not even before a factory-reset ) will it choose a set from a different device : in that case , the most recently backed-up set . so , you can leave your galaxy nexus backing up to its own set , and your galaxy s5 backing up to its own set . if you factory-reset one of them , it'll restore the apps and data from the same device . for a much more complete explanation of how google backup keeps track of different sets of backed-up data , see my answer to google backup : multiple devices using the same account - what happens on restore ?
try rebooting into recovery and connecting to the phone via adb : adb devices it should give a message like this : List of devices attached 01234565ABCDEFG recovery  you can then copy the file off the phone : adb pull /system/build.prop c:\build.prop you can now edit it in any text editor ( recommend notepad++ because it will preserve the unix style line endings , ) and then copy it back to the phone : adb push c:\build.prop /system/build.prop if the issue was indeed within that file , the phone should boot now .
they are included in android . the correct settings are determined by your sim mcc and mnc ( mobile country code and mobile network code ) . if you want , you can view the list of preset apns by looking at the source code , for example at android-source-browsing . the file name in this case is /etc/apns-full-conf . xml , but apparently it varies .
i do not think the audible touch tones menu item is actually related , since that controls whether or not you hear dial pad tones when dialing a number . the setting you want should be CyanogenMod Settings-&gt;Sound-&gt;Silent State , and you will just need to make sure that it is checked . i have audible touch tones disabled as well , but it does not interfere with my ability to enable/disable the silent state option .
this feature is not built into android , but there is an app - desksms , that allows you to do what you are asking . it does , however , require the use of a browser plugin .
i literally had to scavenge the code up and down to get to the solution . a xml called defaults . xml contains the default input method node . that needed to be changed to the package name of the jellybean 's latinime . this is yet to be tested ; will let you all know if it runs okay .
a bit more playing around led me to a ( if not the ) solution . i found an " enable headset buttons " check box in meridian , which prompted me to dig further into beyondpod , where a found a similar setting . everything works as i would like now . i have since gone back and checked a couple of things though , which are not quite as i expected . i thought if you re-enabled the controls within one app , it might disable the other . this is not quite what happened . when i re-enabled meridian , it responded to the controls , although beyondpod still showed it as supposedly responding , which it did not . once i would disabled meridian again , i had to go back into beyondpod , disable and re-enable it is control in order to have it respond again . my main gripe was that if i were listening a podcast , and bumped the headphone controls , the music would start playing over the top of my podcast audio . while it may be a cute multi-tasking demo , it is not a particularly practical use of this feature , imh ( bc ) o .
i am not familiar with the samsung galaxy , but in general if you want to install an aftermarket os you need to root your phone and in general rooting your phone will void the warranty . do you have other reasons for wanting to change the os or is it really just touchwiz ? according to this xda post , the only touchwiz-free rom is cyanogenmod . it is very unstable on the galaxy s though . however , you can install a different launcher such as launcherpro . touchwiz will still be on the phone , but just in the background , so you can have a more " stock android " experience by using another launcher . i hope i have answered your intial question . do not hesitate to ask new questions about how to go about disabling touchwiz if you do opt to go that route .
go to settings > applications > development > and check usb debugging after that if you connect your s2 to a pc it will connect in usb mode and you will not get the kies application popup .
unless you have a previous backup , there is no easy way to recover them . use handcent or gosms - they have in-built scheduling to backup sms to your sd card or to send the backup to an email mailbox you specify .
looks like google has released a new version of authenticator ( as of march 21 , 2012 ) under a new package name : com.google.android.apps.authenticator2 . old version : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.apps.authenticator new version : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.apps.authenticator2 different package names means that you can have them both installed simultaneously , but my guess is that google will eventually remove the old version from the play store . installing authenticator 2 without uninstalling authenticator allows authenticator 2 to import your currently configured sites . i have read a few posts from people claiming that google lost their signing key , and this why they have to release a new app under a new package name . i want to emphasize that there is no evidence to support this claim . while it is true that signing keys cannot be changed with app updates and therefore require a completely new app/package name , a more plausible explanation could be that google wants to integrate authenticator more tightly ( e . g . , shared uids , signature permissions ) with other apps ( see below ) . additional info for those interested : the signing key used on the old version of google authenticator ( sha1 fingerprint : 24:BB:24:C0:5E:47:E0:AE:FA:68:A5:8A:76:61:79:D9:B6:13:A6:00 ) is also used to sign : scoreboard , goggles , finance , google voice , shopper , transalte , chrometophone , earth , reader , and a few others . the signing key used on the new version of google authenticator ( sha1 fingerprint : 38:91:8A:45:3D:07:19:93:54:F8:B1:9A:F0:5E:C6:56:2C:ED:57:88 ) is used to sign : google maps , google play store , gmail , google+ , google chrome and google music . update : google has put up a blog post talking about the new up as well as the upgrade procedure .
if you have a compromised kernel , then it does not matter whether you have root or not . packet sniffing app goes through the kernel 's public interface for sniffing packets , which is why they are subject to security restrictions ; a compromised kernel can simply bypass all that and read the packets directly from the kernel internal data structure or directly from the hardware . kernel code runs under supervisor mode which gives them direct access to the hardware including being able to read any parts of memory of any program running on the system . if it is a branded phone that had been customized by your telco , they build the device image for your device , including the kernel image . in non-branded phone , it is similar situation except it is with the manufacturer . additionally , manufacturers can also install malicious hardware .
i would use the motochopper exploit from the first thread . the exploit is from dan rosenberg ( djrbliss on xda ) , a known security researcher who has published some android root exploits so far . if the exploit does not work , there is no harm it can inflict . if it does work , harm can only be done while persisting the root access but i have not seen any problems with that ( either it does not work at all or it just works ) . the second alternative seems to be a streamlined free/paid service that is probably probing your device and it will eventually use the same motochopper exploit from the first thread . background info : announcement on xda exploit : http://vulnfactory.org/public/motochopper.zip
the old reader 's website has a list of apps that are known to use its api . the only android app currently listed is : listener launcher which is an alternative launcher , so probably does more than you want . however a quick search of the play store for " the old reader " comes up with : the old reader ( unofficial ) app , and the greader ( free version ) ( paid version ) app both of which claim to sync with the old reader , amongst other services .
by doing a factory reset and formatting the sd cards , i would say that it is safe enough to sell . if you want to be perfectly sure , flashing the original rom with option of wiping the cache will make the phone as good as you got it when you purchased . of course , still you have to format the sd card in that case as well . to know how to flash the original rom for you lg optimus gt540 , you can visit this page , which has a step by step instructions about this process . you should be able to find similar such page for your other samsung device just with google search . update : i found this web page , which explains about to how to downgrade i5800 to 2.1 . by that process you can get the original rom ( watch out for the region ) and safely sell .
the solution is to install program wake lock and set the setting to PARTIAL_WAKE_LOCK . this keep necessary power for sd card even if of charger and with disabled display . it obviously cause a bit more battery consumption , but far less then constant sd card remounting . no root needed .
there is no such site that lists all the available rom 's for all the devices - if there was , it would be huge . the best way to find a custom rom , as well as ways to flash and guides , is to check the more popular forums - such as xda-developers or the android forums .
that is easily accomplished using tasker . if you do not know , tasker is the most complete automation solution for android . it does not come for free ( 5 euro -- but you can get a free trial on their homepage ) , but is definitly worth the price . just take a look at the tasker userguide for a full description . tasker combines conditions and tasks to profiles . in your case , the task would be something like : task autosync : auto-sync : on you will have two conditions , one for each profile ( tasker always connects conditions by and , so you need two different profiles : profile home : condition : wifi connected ( add your home network 's details ) task : autosync profile college : condition : wifi connected ( add your college 's network 's details ) task : autosync now , when you are not connected to any of these networks , switch off autosync manually once ( you will not have to repeat this ) . next time you connect to one of the two networks , tasker turns autosync on -- and resets it to the previous state ( off ) as soon as you are disconnected . if tasker is too heavy for you , i am pretty sure there are other automating tools which can accomplish this simple task ( llama - location profiles for example ) . but now that you have got the idea , you will find the related app fitting you .
such ads are not fetched from the internet , they are built into the app . usually the ads would feature some other app from the same developer .
for the following procedure you will need adb installed on your computer ( if you are not already have that , see : is there a minimal installation of adb ? ) . alternatively , a terminal emulator app should do as well . android apps are managed by the " package manager " , which as a command-line interface called pm . so here 's what you can do with it for your case : of course you have to replace com.package.name with the package name of the app you want to deal with . easiest way to find that is visiting its page on google play , and take a look at the url : the package name follows the id= parameter there . it is the -k parameter telling the package manager to keep the app 's data . now , when you re-install the app , its data is already there ( was not removed ) . all this does not require root ( at least as long as we talk about a user-installed app ) .
no app can " optimize " or " maintain " the battery in any way as it can not get the necessary access to the hardware -- probably not even if it required root . this app explicitly advertises that it does not . anyway , the manufacturer 's engineers surely have already implemented all the necessary optimizations . there is no way that the app 's developers knows anything useful about every phone 's charging circuitry and battery that the engineers do not . in short , there is no way this app does anything useful at all . ( it might even be malware , but i do not get that impression in this case ) . ( note : the following is probably not true ) the only thing an app can do ( on a rooted phone ) is to recalibrate the battery . if the battery is miscalibrated the os might think that it is as good as empty and force a shutdown although there is still a useful amount of charge left . one app that does this is the aptly named battery calibration .
as manishearth wrote , this might indicate trouble with the card ( and very likely does ) . the boot you describe might have been " too abrupt " , not cleanly unmounting the card and thus corrupting its file system ; in which case the " good ol ' chkdsk" should help ( btw , android ships with fsck for the very same task , which you could execute via a terminal app or adb shell  see check and fix sd card errors within android itself ? ) . on the other hand , it could also mean hardware trouble with the card , which even could be the reason for those reboots , reversing cause and effect : not being able to read/write , or encountering too many " corrupt blocks " , might have triggered some event ( like re-mounting the card read/only ) . i am not sure whether such would trigger a reboot ( as stuff counted essential by the system usually does not reside on the sdcard ) , but it would not be impossible . thus trying a new card will not hurt . ps  a little background on app2sd : as shipped with android 2.2+ , this only moves parts of the app to your card , while other parts remain on internal storage . especially the app 's data remain here ( in /data ) , which is why after a re-installation of your apps they were already ( or rather " still" ) available . for more details , you might wish to take a look at our app2sd tag-wiki .
the discussion you have been reading is about compiling a modified kernel and a custom rom for the galaxy s4 , using a replacement wireless driver that is been changed to add support for ad-hoc wi-fi networks . the path /driver/net/wireless is a path in the kernel source tree , which contains the source code for the driver that needs to be changed before compiling the new kernel . it does not refer to any path on the device itself , or anything else you can change on the device .
multiple things with your issue : i would never trust a tech who recommends a task-killer for this problem . disqualified 100% . same for the one claiming all android phones last for only one day . that is bogus . it always depends on usage . i have one lasting 7 days ( well , no sim card inserted , not wifi activated -- it is rather used as a stand-by computing device for some apps -- but it is a phone , and it runs longer than 10h ; ) , and my " standard phone " ends up at ~75-80% after 14h usage . tech #2 and #4 sound more reasonable : any app ( especially if " consuming push services" ) can be the cause for such a problem ( see below ) , and monitoring battery usage is a generally good idea ( that tech i would trust most from the ones you mentioned ) different kind of usage causes different battery drain . sometimes processes go havoc and drain the battery quite fast . i had that " big surprise " multiple times already , last time yesterday : went down from ~80% to 5% and " emergency shutdown " within ~2h while in my pocket -- i only noticed that by the " beep " on shutdown . but this should not be a regular ( daily ) issue ; i experienced this maybe 4-5 times in a year with my current device . recommendation : take a look at the battery statistics ( usually found in settings &rarr ; about phone ) to determine which app ( s ) are causing the most battery drain . maybe you have got some " bad egg " on your device , if this happens regularly . second recommendation : take a look at how to deal with ( orphaned ) wakelocks ? -- maybe that is what affects you . again , this could be a mal-functioning app . battery only lasting for ~10h is nothing rare with heavy usage . remember these are no longer " dumb-phones " , but rather " pocket-computers which also can make phone calls " . useful resources also include : how can i tell what is really draining my battery ? how to debug a battery issue ? how can i find out what causes android os to consume battery ? follow the tag battery-life
in order to assign a drive letter to a removable device , that device must support ums ( usb mass storage ) protocol . unfortunately most newer android phones , especially those without a removable sd card , do not support ums . instead , they support mtp ( media transfer protocol ) and ptp ( picture transfer protocol ) protocols . in such devices it is not possible to map storage as a drive in windows . see more details on this superuser . com question . with that said , on some selected samsung and sony android devices it is possible to enable the ums mode for external storage only ( sd card ) . see this app . also , if your goal to simply copy files to and from an android device via command prompt , adb will allow you to do so . this utility is part of android sdk tools . you will need usb drivers for your android phone to be installed , usb debugging activated in developer settings on the phone , and authorize the pc to debug the phone ( via a prompt on the device . ) after that is done , you will be able to use adb push and adb pull commands to copy files and directories , and various linux shell commands via adb shell &lt;command&gt; ( e . g . adb shell ls /sdcard/ ) to navigate the directory structure on the phone .
yes , im using 32gb card . i have kept 4096mb as ext4 partition and rest i have formatted as fat32 . link2sd works fine . you can go max 4gb . download mini partition tool format your class10 sdcard 1st partition being fat32 , and second keep ( 4gb ) it ext2 ( ext4 might not work ) shutdown your phone , put back your card . star the phone . and then start linking your files with link2sd . i have bought plus version , it is very useful . since my phone has only 16gb internal memory .
two things to check given gmail is already set to sync . first , double check you have notifications ticked inside the gmail app , this can be found by opening the left menu and opening the settings located at the bottom . secondly , in settings open data usage , then open the three dot menu and ensure that " auto-sync data " is on and " restrict background data " is off . note : these directions are based on stock 4.4 , if they do not correspond just let me know what phone and software version you have .
there are a number of possible reasons for an inaccurate location , mostly relating to the lack of a good gps fix . if the phone cannot get an accurate gps fix , it will use more approximate methods of deriving its location - such as cell tower locations and wifi hotspot locations . possible reasons for no good gps fix , in vague descending order of likliness : you are indoors , or the sky is otherwise obstructed ( trees can have quite an impact ) gps is turned off or disabled on your phone , or you are using google maps on a device that does not have a gps receiver . you have not used the gps for a day or more , or you have moved a long way since you last used it , and it is taking a while to get a fix - this can take a minute or more in some circumstances , especially if you do not have a data signal . the gps is not working properly . some phones have gps trouble occasionally and require a restart . there is interference with the gps - e.g. naval forces sometimes conduct exercises with gps jamming , and i have had . . . variable results trying to use it near a large naval base before . normally if google maps can only give an approximate fix it will show a circle around your position , showing uncertainty . it might help with diagnosis to know whether you are seeing this circle , as that will indicate whether maps knows that it has an approximate location or whether it thinks that it has an accurate one and is wrong .
you should be able to point the browser at the file you want with a url of the format file:///path/to/file.html . for example , i just did this on my evo with a file i saved to the root of my sd card as post.html by launching the browser and entering the url file:///sdcard/post.html . alternatively , my file manager lets me open an html file with " html viewer " . this is not as feature-rich , though , and did not seem to render images for me ( whereas the browser way loaded everything properly ) . my file manager does not give me the option to open the file with the browser , or either of the other browsers i have ( firefox and opera mobile ) .
you are completely right with your assumption : whenever an app is installed , it is first copied to /data/local . you can check that directory if either you have got a file manager permitting you to go there , or have the android sdk installed . no root needed , as this directory is readable and writable for the shell user . but to your last question : no , i am not aware of any mechanism to control that delay ( never saw a corresponding setting ) . if it can be configured ( and is not hardcoded in some place ) , this will most likely involve root privileges .
there is a lengthy discussion about this on : http://androidforums.com/droid-support-troubleshooting/87515-my-droids-touch-screen-going-crazy.html the main point seems to relate to either oil and dirt covering the screen and/or heating up issues from dirt within internal components . there are some suggested solutions such as carefully cleaning the screen and the speaker opening . it also seems to be strongly affected by moisture .
it is a security concern . the android documentation does not provide a lot of elaboration , stating simply : the procedure must be confirmed on-screen , and deletes the user data for privacy reasons . however , the privacy concern is relatively straightforward to extrapolate . once the bootloader is unlocked , the device can be flashed with unsigned images . this means that it is relatively trivial to root the device , and there are actually multiple ways it can be done , such as : flashing a system image with root tools built in flashing a boot image that runs adbd with root by default ( an " unsecure " image ) flashing a recovery image , then using that to overwrite the system or boot partitions with ones that allow root access once root is obtained , all of the information on /data essentially becomes accessible . this could be emails , contact information , or many other pieces of personal information that you likely do not want in the wrong hands . therefore , it makes sense to wipe all of this data during the unlocking procedure to ensure that there is no off-the-shelf " official " way of bypassing the sandboxing restrictions implemented by the android operating system , which would thereby allow someone to steal personal data . of course , there may be ways to root without wiping on some devices , but they rely on exploits rather than official methods like a bootloader unlock , meaning they are basically bugs .
you are probably not going to like my answer , but i do not think there is anything you can do about it . i have tried to turn this off myself in the past , but the android os is such that you will receive a force close vibration no matter what . now , regarding your application actually force closing , here are my two best guesses ( since i can not see any of your code ) : you are trying to use a feature that requires documentation in the manifest file . you are overburdening the ui stack by not threading processes that take a long time to accomplish ( i.e. . contacting a server and receiving data , handling remote data , etc . ) , which can be solved with asynctasks . also , if you are getting frequent force close errors , please use ddms . it is an absolute god send for this kind of stuff . i know a lot of people who just try to " figure out " where they went wrong . debugging is a skill in its own right . sorry i could not directly answer your question . i instead tried to pinpoint where else you may be going wrong with your applications , which , to me , would seem to be a bigger issue . edit : to show you how i arrived at this conclusion : i firstly tried to look through all settings ( including my galaxy s manual ) , and obviously no cigar . i noticed that there are two classes that a developer must look into to at least see if this vibration can be turned off programatically ( for your specific program ) . these classes are the notification and vibrator classes . upon inspection , you can see that there is nothing within these classes that will allow you to do that . it is a system property . realizing that you must put in a " vibration " intent into the manifest in order to even manipulate the vibration should further prove this point :  &lt;uses-permission android:name="android.permission.VIBRATE"/&gt;  i was not really prepared to mess around with the actual android low-level code so i brought the issue up with my friend ( who has been messing around with the actual android kernel and os itself for a while ) in order to validate my suspicion . he said that this property was built in . in other words , you would have to override the property within the os itself in order to change the force close vibration . for me , that was the end of me trying to turn off this property .
there is an app for that . photosync ( sync to picasa ) automatically syncs local folder to picasaweb , so you can select your camera folder . it is free and not so huge as g+ app . you can set your local folder and picasa folder and sync them on eg . hourly basis .
simple2ext ( as described here : http://forum.cyanogenmod.com/topic/20328-solution-to-unable-to-download-big-apps-from-the-market/ ) did the job for me . i am also running cm 7.0.3 and had problems with downloading big apps from market . sometimes it helped clearing the dalvik cache but not always .
try this call confirm app . this application is going to ask you whether to call or hangup the contact what you touched on call history .
from a packet capture , the codecs are : gsm-efr 8khz amr 8khz gsm 8khz g . 711/pcmu 8khz g . 711/pcma 8khz here 's the tidbit from the rtp packet capture : i could not find a way to configure the codecs either .
in the absence of a definitive answer i did a lot of experimentation . firstly , if you have http intensive apps this version android ( 2.2 ) , will not change connectivity until the operation is complete . switch to airplane mode . you can still connect to your router but app traffic is suspended . you shield get a connection at this point . deactivated airplane mode and you should be running on your router . if anyone can nominate tools that can help track http app activity on android , please post .
this is normal behavior , my brother has a moto e ( same amount of ram ) , and it ends up unloading lots of recent apps , if this was a priority you maybe should have gone with a different phone ( the moto g has a good processor , so can run plants vs zombies , but it can not multitask as well .
gps does not understand static direction at all ; it can only infer direction from motion . but there is an electronic compass inside the phone as well as the gps . you might want to download the " gps status + tools " program from the market ; you can see detailed status information for both the gps and the compass .
no , there is no way to do this unless you have some special-purpose hardware . as someone already commented , normal android devices do not have a radio transmitter that can be made to transmit on any frequency .
just from the market description , astro player looks like it might .
see this image released by htc . it describes the update process in a very detailed form : edit : fixed link
this app should help . since you have rooted your device , it should work fine .
i think you need to unlock it to the part where the new hope building is already accessible .
if you have the issue with files , that you were previously able to play , try to reboot your phone . if playback works afterwards , you seem to have the same issue as described in this problem : samsung galaxy s : unsupported file type ( mp3 ) i do not know of a fix for this yet , the only workaround seems to be a reboot .
unfortunately , if you were running sdk 1.6 or later you could just update without installing a new sdk . but for 1.5 you need to install a new sdk . per this link from google http://developer.android.com/sdk/installing.html ( see quoted text below ) . . . how ever , you can backup your projects and move them into the new sdk environment . so it looks like all may not be lost . just read that link above pretty thoroughly . updating ? if you are currently using the android 1.6 sdk or later and want to update to the latest tools or platforms , you do not need to install a new sdk . instead , you can simply update the individual components in your sdk using the android sdk and avd manager tool . for information about how to do that , see updating sdk components if you are using android 1.5 sdk or earlier , you should install a new sdk as described in this document and move your application projects to the new sdk environment .
" press 1 to accept the call " sounds like google voice 's call screening . check your gv call settings to ensure that call screening is not on at all . ( you can individually turn it off for certain people or groups , but the main setting would need to be " on " . ) more on call screening at google voice support .
in recovery mode , use this : adb shell mount /sdcard adb push {filename} /sdcard/{filename}  update #1: an alternative suggested by ce4: pull out the sd card , copy all needed files externally , and put it back in update #2: it seems the user did not install cwm correctly . after fixing this , adb push now works as expected .
that is hard-coded into the framework am afraid . look in frameworks/base/core/java/android/os/Power.java public static final int LOW_BATTERY_THRESHOLD = 10;  the alternative is to roll-your-own rom to do this , there is a broadcast intent for battery low warnings ( action_battery_low ) but that is only for system signed apps afaik and cannot be intercepted . the alternative is to listen for the action_battery_changed broadcast and perhaps using tasker , just to mute the battery warning sound . . .
no , adb root does not survive reboots ( thankfully , that would be a nice security hole . . . ) in your case , i would guess that the permissions on that file got changed , allowing you to push it the second time .
the answer to 1 ) is : the installer does not use the same releases as you see on the download page , it has separately signed releases so they are not directly comparable . sorry i do not know how you can predict when you might next get an update when you have used the installer . the answer to 2 ) is : latest release for installer devices are here : http://wiki.cyanogenmod.org/w/cyanogenmod_installer#supported_devices for the galaxy nexus that is : 11.0-installerxnpq09p further info : on that same wiki page it says : how do i get updates ? updates are done via settings > about phone > system updates . when a new snapshot build is > available , your will also receive a notification . devices flashed via the installer will only get updates when a new stable snapshot build is available . i suspect that might be out of date however . the following seems to be the most recent up to date information : http://www.cyanogenmod.org/blog/cm-11-m4-post-release-items installer builds are those served via the cm installer applications ( windows , mac ) . these > builds are specially signed and named separately  there is no concept of an m build for > this release channel  so saying installer skipped m# is an incorrect interpretation . > this channel only ever receives specially created stable builds  they even come with their > own naming structure ( eg xnpq02r ) . there is an additional blog post that rehashes some of the information on the m4 blog post above with a bit of extra clarification here : http://www.cyanogenmod.org/blog/cyanogenmod-11-0-m6-release hth . stephen
this is due to 2 things : the file does not have execute permissions [ and ] the file cannot gain executable permissions as it is on the sd card . the sd card 's filesystem can accept file permissions , however it is mounted with the noexec flag , as stated in a comment . this stops files being executed . solution : copy the net-snmp-5.7.2 directory to the /data/local/tmp directory as root . set the configure file to be executable by running chmod 0777 /data/local/tmp/net-snmp-5.7.2/configure as root . you should now be able to execute the configure script by typing /data/local/tmp/net-snmp-5.7.2/configure and pressing enter . note this should all be done as the root user : )
a boot-loop can have different reasons . though in most cases this happens after flashing a new rom , other things might affect it as well : e.g. some system related apps which have services or the like started quite early . but those special cases usually rather result in a force-close-loop than in a boot-loop . things you can try : safe mode see whether you can boot your device into safe mode ( according to an xda post , this should be achieved by keeping vol- and power pressed simultaneously until the phone is booted up , and shows the string " safe mode " in the lower left corner ) . if that works , it is one of the apps you lately installed which causes this problem . go and remove the app ( via settings&rarr ; apps&rarr ; manage apps ) , reboot , and you should be fine . in case you get problems leaving safe mode : power down , take out the battery for 30s , insert it again , power up . recovery mode if safe mode is not reachable either , you can try booting to recovery mode ( should be vol+ + vol- + power ) . in the menu appearing there , select to " wipe cache " . reboot . if the problem still persists , and you have no custom recovery , all that is left to you to try is a factory reset . this will wipe all your data and the apps you have installed . you can do so from the very same recovery menu by chosing " wipe data " or " factory reset " ( it is labeled either the one or the other ) . in case you have a custom recovery , you can try first to only " wipe dalvik cache " .
ok , i uninstalled and deleted the drivers for the tablet and then reinstalled manually and it worked .
the easiest method is probably to install a uk rom . if you do not want to root or use a custom rom , you can probably find a stock one . i recommend searching xda .
i had the same problem ( rom : 34.177.3 . mb525 . retail . en . de ) . the only rooting method that worked was gingerbreak ( http://project89.com/root-defy-without-pc-gingerbreak-200/ )
after you install an app that takes over the dock intent it will ask which one you wish to use as default . the one i use is called gentle alarm which has a nice dock display and some additional alarm features . it is however a paid app . i know there are several free apps out there as well .
you can disable automatic updates from google play store app . head over to settings &rarr ; auto-update apps . you can also set it to update over wi-fi only , from the same settings page
the solution for your issue can be found on the app 's help page . as i already guessed , you need to install a barcode reader app . but not just " any " , ist has to be a specific one . and moreover , even my guess for zxing reader was absolutely correct  if you take a closer look at the screenshot taken from that place : screenshot from the google authenticator help page ( click image for original size ) btw : the name " zxing " stands for zebra crossing , but i doubt it can decode the zebra 's natural barcodes : ) as it reportedly works as well in this context , i recommend using qr droid if you want to use the qr reader for additional tasks as well . qr droid has a much nicer interface , offers additional features , and gives you much more flexibility .
the launcher application on some phones does not provide the ability for a scrolling wallpaper , the only way to fix this would be to download a separate launcher . here is a list of most of them - https://play.google.com/store/search?q=launcherc=apps
if you purchase the paid version of launcher pro you can crop widgets . just long press on a widget with launcher pro installed and running , and then let go . it should be highlighted in an off orange/yellow color . in the lower right corner is a little arrow type icon , click this and drag to crop the widget . not sure how to do this otherwise .
as i see an alternative keyboard may solve your issue , and this seems to be an acceptable solution , and you even mention something you cannot find -- hereby i proudly present : hacker 's keyboard checking its guide , there is in fact a section suggesting such a feature : you can configure the gesture used for this in the keyboard 's " gesture and key actions " settings menu . if the swipe action is too hard to trigger , try binding the " close keyboard " action to the " volume down " hardware key . this will not interfere with normal use of the volume button while the keyboard is closed . though this applies to " close": if there are gestures you can configure , it might as well be able to have one for " open " . the faq may reveal some more clues . saintwacko notes in the comments : to be able to open it anywhere , you go into the settings for the keyboard and check the box for ' permanent notification ' . it will then keep an entry in the notifications which you can tap to bring up the keyboard at any point . so this would be an alternative possibility -- the hook being it is hooked to this special keyboard .
that should be possible . there are plenty of backup apps available on google play which allow local backups , such as sms backup and restore or sms backup . for contacts , there is e.g. contacts backup , and for both together super backup : sms and contacts . they all store the backed-up data e.g. on your sdcard . though i found no explicit mention of sim messages , i would assume they are covered  but you might wish to check for yourself to make sure . update : as it turned out , above apps do not seem to cover sim storage . but i have just stumbled upon backup2csv , which explicitly lists to export contact directories ( sim card and phone ) ( it also lists export text messages ( sms ) , but does not explicitly mention the sim card in that context ) .
try 1 clear play store app 's data and cache ( fix for most of the app related issues ) . try 2 1 . remove the google account 2 . reboot 3 . re-enter your google account . takes a couple of minutes .
you might be interested in assisted gps assistance falls into two categories : information used to more quickly acquire satellites it can supply orbital data or almanac for the gps satellites to the gps receiver , enabling the gps receiver to lock to the satellites more rapidly in some cases . the network can provide precise time . the device captures a snapshot of the gps signal , with approximate time , for the server to later process into a position . accurate , surveyed coordinates for the cell site towers allow better knowledge of local ionospheric conditions and other conditions affecting the gps signal than the gps receiver alone , enabling more precise calculation of position . ( see also wide area augmentation system and cellhunter . ) calculation of position by the server using information from the gps receiver the assistance server has a good satellite signal , and plentiful computation power , so it can compare fragmentary signals relayed to it by gps receivers , with the satellite signal it receives directly , and then inform the gps receiver or emergency services of the gps receiver 's position . many mobile phones combine a-gps and other location services including wi-fi positioning system and cell-site triangulation and sometimes a hybrid positioning system . [ 4 ]
i was able to solve the question : the problem was i couldnot find the driver for the device . did it the manual way by selecting the android adb interface driver . and then used adb push &lt;local&gt; &lt;remote&gt;  to push the file on to sdcard . more references on the same can be found here .
technically they can inspect the http headers and look at the user-agent field to determine browser and os ; but imagine the millions and millions of http requests for web pages and applications in a given day . they can do trends , and data mining techniques to find out - but is it worth all that effort for them just to track down someone using a few more mb of bandwidth ? probably not .
nope , no limit . source at xda-developers forum
pictures and videos from line app are stored under following directory . sd card -> android -> data -> jp . naver . line . android -> storage -> gallerybig all the audio files are placed under directory sd card -> android -> data > jp . naver . line . android -> cache > mo > ( folder ) > [ audio files ]
ok , i think they have fixed it some weeks ago , as i did not notice any new sms message that comes after a real hangouts message .
it allows you to " mark " a card . it is a kind of bookmark that allows you to find this card easily later . the most common case is when a card needs editing , but you do not have time/tools to edit it right now , so you mark it , and you will fix the card when you are back home . why not edit the card right away , instead of just marking it ? examples : you are reviewing in the bus , and you notice a kanji that you probably entered wrongly , so you need to check . but you need the library 's huge kanji dictionary , which is too heavy to carry in the bus . you realize you made a typo when entering a latex formula . you will only be able to fix it next time you are at your desktop computer . you have a doubt about a card , and must ask a native speaker , but there is none around . reference : http://ankisrs.net/docs/markedcards.html thanks for using ankidroid !
google does do occasional audits . there were apparently some wallpaper apps recently that were doing nefarious stuff and were pulled from the market and any phones they had been installed on . it is imperative that users pay attention to the permissions that are being requested ( why would a wallpaper need to know " phone state " or my contacts ? ) and simply not install anything that looks wonky . pay attention to the ratings and the comments and , if something looks too good to be true , it probably is . everybody wants everything for free . the price of that is that your marketing demographics are being sold to anyone willing to pay for them . i do not begrudge developers the ability to make a profit .
simply get yourself a terminal app ( a good choice would be android terminal emulator ) , start it , and enter the command free . the output then should look like this : this example is from my motorola milestone 2 , and you can see : it does not use any swap : " total " available swap space is "0" . if your device would use swap , at least the numbers for " totals " and one of " used " or " free " should be &gt ; 0 .
it all very much depends on the " startup manager " used , and whether your device is rooted . as dotvezz answer assumes , there are some just de-activating the corresponding " listeners " ( apps can be notified on events , and thus get started when they appear  the most famous event being boot_completed ; but there are many more , like network changed , sdcard mounted , battery low . . . if you are interested in details , see e.g. what is the difference between a service and a broadcast receiver ? ) . however , doing that requires " root powers " . thus " startup managers " working without " root powers " basically do nothing other than task mangers : killing the app once it started on a given event . they also in most cases stick to the boot_completed event , and do not care about others . then there are those managers supporting both modi . best one most likely is autorun manager , my favorite i used for quite a while . now your question is specifically about startup manager . as you can see in its app description , and like i have written above , this app just cares for the boot_completed event : it does disable/enable startup items from system boot . its permissions do not include SUPERUSER ( aka root ) , so it cannot modify receivers/listeners . so it most likely just " kills " the apps when they start . prove on that you again can find in the app 's description : note : for android 2.2 and higher os non-rooted devices , some processes will restart themselves right after being disabled . they would not do so if they were really disabled . but many apps do so when being killed . autorun manager , which i have mentioned before , supports both modi : if used in " basic mode " ( which does not require root ) , it kills configured apps on start . in " advanced mode " ( requires root ) it " silences " their listeners , so they never receive the event broadcast and thus do not automatically start .
looks like this is not possible . in the opera mini faq , it says : you must have a compatible phone with an internet connection . when you download opera mini , you will be told if your phone is known to work . to see if your handset can run opera mini , visit the list of supported devices .
try adding adb 's folder ( platform-tools ) to your path . the adb executable used to be in the tools folder on versions of the sdk up to v8 iirc , but it was moved in v9 , so ddms . bat is probably looking for it in the wrong spot . see also this thread on stackoverflow ( accepted answer there courtesy one of our mods here ) to see if this is in fact the issue . edit : if you need it , here 's a decent guide for changing your path environment variable . it is written for xp but i do not think the process is much different ( if at all ) for vista/7 . the basic premise is at least the same . another edit : it looks like it is the same process according to this guide for win7 .
the image transfer from s3 uses s beam , which is a proprietary technology used by samsung . it does not use nfc for the actual data transfer , but instead creates a wifi direct ( ad-hoc ) network between the devices and sends the image over wifi . nfc is just used for " pairing " the devices . since nexus 4 is a vanilla android , it does not have the necessary application for this , and i suspect this is why it opens the play store . instead , most nfc-capable android devices support android beam , which uses bluetooth instead of wifi direct to transmit the data . there is a suggested solution in another question that could work for you .
as a nexus 7 owner , i can confirm for you that it does not have a led flash for its front-facing camera . in fact , off the top of my head , i can not think of a single device that does . documentation of a feature that is not present is going to be hard to come by . a good verification of this fact , however , is in ifixit is teardown pictures ( see steps 12 and 13 ) . camera and light sensor , no flash .
you can create an application for any device that runs the android os , this is not restricted to specific device manufacturers . restrictions in the execution are caused mainly because of the version of the android os that runs on the device ( the differtent api 's ) or the difference in hardware capabilities between devices . if you are planning to make an application you should by all means have some programming experience . with the use of some very helpful software development tools you could create personal application like suggested . be sure to check out the documentation provided on androids official website to get a solid introduction on this topic .
to change the home screens , you need to install a new launcher application - search the play store for Launcher and see what is available .
most likely the app has chosen not to show them for that particular input box . from a technical perspective , this is controlled by flags on the TextView object that represents the text area control ( e . g . the TYPE_TEXT_FLAG_NO_SUGGESTIONS option ) . i do not believe there is any way to override this setting if the app chooses to disable it . it is probably also important to note that it is a bit of a one-way street . suggestions are enabled by default on all text areas , but will obey the global setting , so an app can not forcibly enable suggestions in any way . if you have the global setting turned off , they are off everywhere . the logic that the developer documentation provides for allowing apps to forcibly disable suggestions is that in some cases they simply are not very useful . the specific relevant quote would be ( from the above link ) : . . . this is useful for text views that do not contain words from the language and do not benefit from any dictionary-based completions or corrections . . . i would wager the market disables them because app names and such have no obligation to be dictionary words , so suggestion attempts would often prove rather futile . i would also understand the same being true of your second example , which sounds like a source code editor ( i assume that is what you mean by " syntax highlighting" ) . it would be sort of akin to visual studio underlining misspelt words in source code - it provides no benefit since most of the text will not be dictionary words .
i just tested my own phone by loading dylan reeve 's web page and to my surprise the lookout app i have installed stopped it . i guess lookout also functions as a dialer . according to this page there is a version that supports 1.5 ( although i am not sure if that version does include protection from ussd attacks ) . i have not tried it myself but , according to this post you can download apk files from the play store to your computer . if you succeed just copy the apk to your phone manually and install .
uhhh . . . i get google+ notifications all of the time . check : Settings | Apps | Google+ | Show Notifications is checked in the google+ app , Overflow menu (three vertical dots) | Settings | Notifications is on . tap that entry and choose which types of notifications to get . i see posts and mentions mentions shares comments comments on a post after i commented circle subscriptions circles adds me photos tags me comments on a photo i am tagged in comments on a photo i tagged photos added from instant upload events invitations or updates to events reminders about events i am invited to activity on events i created communities invites me to a community
try myphoneexplorer to control ( almost ) any android device . you can easily send and receive sms on your pc when this software is connected to your phone . or htc sync manager for synchronizing .
as far as i know , the 3.2 update on the a500 has not been rooted ( some discussion here ) . there is one xda thread where someone has described a method of downgrading so you can root , but nothing that lets you root 3.2 in and of itself . if you want to have root access then i would suggest rooting the shipped version , then manually upgrading to a pre-rooted version of the latest ota update .
it appears it is not possible , even on gmail.com, according to this answer . gmail does understand the " eom " tag at the end of the subject and will not prompt you about having an empty message body if that exists anywhere in the subject ( even if it is the only thing in the subject ) .
rather than a notifier and managing all of this yourself , had you thought about using a dynamic dns client ? this would allow you to always use the same name to contact your phone over the internet ( or even a local lan ) and the 3rd party would manage the problems with changing ip addresses for you . there are a number of dynamic dns clients on the market , i have not tried any , but it is a pretty common solution for machines that change ip , so i can not see why there would be a problem .
i do not know of an app that meets your exact requirements . but a simpler version that is ( in my opinion ) equally secure is an android app that listens for a specific sms message , and wipes the phone . remote wipe does this . of course , it does not entirely kill the phone 's software ( that would be very device-specific and require a modified bootloader in most cases ) ; and it might be useful to use one of the apps that reports the phone 's physical location too , if you want to recover it .
the attender from htc asked me to remove my exchange account and add it again , and the problem is solved .
i doubt there is an answer to this beyond " because that is how google designed its apps " . android itself does not require a google account to use , only google 's proprietary applications do . cyanogenmod and other pure source builds of android are actually forbidden from distributing the google apps within the firmware package itself because of their proprietary nature , and if you install such a rom without the associated google apps add-on you will not even have the ability to add a google account in your settings . if you do not want to be tied to google then do not use the apps they produce , but also do not be surprised that they want you to sign in when using services that they provide . it is really not that different from any other app or website that requires sign in to use the services it provides , in my opinion , but if you do not like it use different apps . re : the question about why maps specifically requires a sign-in on android but not ios : the comments about the ios one being developed by apple could certainly be correct , and i do agree with those statements . in addition , apple may not want you to sign in google 's servers with their maps app . it would create a tie ( however loose it may be ) between you and google 's services , which i am sure apple is trying to discourage as much as possible to prevent customers from jumping ship to android . another angle you have to keep in mind is that google is pushing pretty hard to tie together all of its online services as much as it possibly can . based on their priorities and their business model , it makes sense that the android version would try to integrate as tightly as possible with their other services and with the web . it is in their best interest ( from a business perspective ) to try to make android apps and their web counterparts as seamless as possible in order to attract users to android who are already heavily invested in google 's products . of course , this is just conjecture on my part , i think only google could truly say why maps works the way it does .
yes , you can move any apps that do not normally allow it , including system apps , if you have root . note that most apps that does not allow moving usually do not allow it for a good reason , so if you force move you may get crashes and other stability issues . you need an app2sd application that uses root , like this : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.droidsail.dsapp2sd
finally got solution after 2 days of headache . problem is my usb data cable . i have got original samsung 's usb data cable with phone but unfortunately it is not working . though charging can done via this cable . i have tries few chinese cables also but problem remains there . but as soon as i use my friend 's original samsung cable it working like a charm . so any of you have this problem first thing to do is check from another usb cable . and importantly go for oem 's original cable .
it is probably the same thing although rom is supposed to be the area / location where stuff is only ever written once ( during manufacture / initial flashing ) .
if you only need the backtick for when you are entering code on stackexchange sites , then there is actually no reason to type the character . any time you are in a question or answer box , there is a set of icons just above the box , pressing the 101 010 button puts a pair of matching backticks into the text box at the current cursor location , with some replacable text in between , now just type over that text with swype ( or paste over ) . works perfectly on my galaxy s with swype enabled . edit for more recent versions of swype , see miquelfire 's answer where the backtick is now available as an extended character on the .' key beside the space bar .
i am not aware of an official changelog anywhere , but you can look at the commit log on the git repository here . anything between the 2.2_r1.3 tag and the 2.2.1_r1 tag was a change added in 2.2.1 . the summary : it is basically just bugfixes , hence why it is a smaller increment ( as opposed to 2.2-&gt;2.3 , for example ) . note : if you are getting a 2.2.1 update from a carrier then they may have added other changes to their own software , so the above applies to the android os itself and not any additional components .
was the battery life decrease sudden , or has it been getting noticeably worse recently ? if so , might be time to get a new battery for your device . regarding the restart , are there any apps that you have installed recently that might have a bug or something leading to restarts ? when a phone reaches that age , i would personally root it and flash something like cm or slimbean , to get some solid battery life back out of the device ( i have personally flashed chameleonos on my s2 to get the best of both customization and battery ) .
mp4 is a container that can contain different video codecs , it sounds like your device is creating its videos using an unusual codec that not many other devices have loaded by default . as seth and hcpl have said vlc player can play almost any format and should be able to play your videos . if you want to know what codec is being used , then try opening the video in a codec identifying app like gspot , this should tell you exactly which audio and video formats and codecs are in your videos .
you only need to make sure that the chargers produce the same about of voltage and current . there should not be any issues with that .
there is not a specific place that it shows , but the wifi connection will take priority over the cellular data . if you wanted , you could perform a speedtest to check your service provider , but that should not be necessary . also , if you are worried about updates and whatnot using your cellular , the downloads will initiate on wifi ( if you have that option ) but they will continue on cellular if you lose the signal .
this is due to a limitation of gmail more than anything . gmail only supports contact icons with a resolution of 6464 , while ics supports up to 256256 . when you give a contact an icon , android uploads that new contact icon to gmail . . . which then promptly downscales it . . . . and then android thinks you changed it to the low-res icon and uses that instead of the nice and pretty one you picked out .
you can not make the widget change from analogue to digital , but you can replace the analogue one from a digital one . hold your finger on the clock widget and drag it to the delete icon to remove it . then , to add a digital clock widget , go to the app drawer and click widgets , and find digital clock in the list . hold your finger on the digital clock to pick it up , and drag it where you like on the home screen .
android default browser uses webkit check out second paragraph : wikipedia webkit description
actually i found such an app , after a fair bit of searching . photo geolocator ( google code ) currently you can not look up locations via an address , so it only really works for nearby locations , but that is still better than having to edit images on a pc , imo .
nexus s is only using 1gb of its 16gb memory for internal storage which only left 971mb for applications . this is very limited . i read this from test av google nexus s - a deep review in swedish .
uninstalling all play store ( market ) app updates fixed it for me . go to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage Applications and uninstall the updates from the play store app . this will leave you with an older version of the app , which is probably named " market " . then you should be able to install or update apps . after a while the play store update will be installed once again , but you still will be able to install or update apps .
yes , you will have to manually switch to home profile when you come back home . its what you can find in classic mobile phones . if you want to automate it , there're plenty of apps for that : tasker + profile4tasker ( paid ) , automateit ( free ) , llama ( free ) , locale + profile4tasker ( paid )
mtp is the better option in most cases , since the protocol is actually designed for this use . ptp is offered as an alternative since macs do not understand mtp by default ( you need to install " android file transfer " on the mac to make mtp work ) . this protocol was designed for pcs to access photos from digital cameras , so it can only access the photos on the phone , and it might trigger a photo management app on the pc instead of a file manager . to learn more about why mtp was introduced , see my answer to why is android file transfer necessary ?
in short , your phone has a locked bootloader . there is no way to unlock it ( currently ) . what does that mean to you ? basically it means you can flash " roms " , but you cannot flash a new kernel on the phone . the kernel is what controls what clockspeed slots are available on your phone to over/underclock to . for example , if someone made a gingerbread rom for the milestone , you could flash it . but you will always be stuck with the same kernel that originally came with your phone . as far as i know , you should be able to use rom manager to flash roms on your phone so long as it is rooted . it is just that none of these roms will be able to change your kernel .
hardware wise , they are almost identical ( at least to some of the us versions of the galaxy s ) but there are some differences some of the differences are : the galaxy s has 3 hardware buttons ( menu , home and back ) , the nexus s has 4 ( back , menu , search and home ) . these are the buttons below the screen . the nexus s has slightly curved glass the nexus s has an nfc chip the nexus s does not have a microsd slot . the nexus s has a flash for the rear 5mp camera the galaxy s supports bluetooth 3.0 , nexus s , bluetooth 2.1 in terms of software : the galaxy s uses the samsung rfs for a lot of the file system , the nexus s uses ext4 ext4 performs a lot better then rfs does the galaxy s runs the samsung touchwiz 2.2 ( froyo ) modified version of android , the nexus s runs " stock " android 2.3 ( gingerbread ) here is a screenshot of the i9000
you can do this via wifi , using a remote management app like e.g. airdroid or , when on windows , myphoneexplorer . there are a lot more apps like this , and they give you the added benefit of being able to manage a lot of other things remotely -- as e.g. reading/writing sms , managing apps/contacts/ringtones , copying files between your device and your computer , and sometimes even backup stuff . most of them ( like the mentioned airdroid 1 ) start a web service on your device , which you then can access with your browser . this often looks like a " virtual pc " ( see screenshot below ) . others ( like here myphoneexplorer 2 ) have a native pc-client , which can even do more ( like here : synchronizing with outlook and others ) . airdroid managing pictures myphoneexplorer windows client
on some devices/roms most mount points seem to be defined in a special config file called /etc/fstab . in this case , you can ommit the device information and options , as they can be automatically determinded . however , other devices/roms use init scripts to create the mounts , and have the special options defined there ( cm7.2 on my motorola milestone seems to be one example for this ) . if you omit the device information here , you will simply get an error . so which variant to take very much depends on the device/rom . safest way is to first check how the file system in question is mounted ( e . g . using mount |grep system to show it for the /system mount point ) , and then adapt this information for your use .
windows rt is based on entirely different system altogether - right from the bootloader up to user interface . also , windows rt is proprietary so there is a fat chance that the code would be available to make it work . what about : booting mechanism kernel drivers for the chip-set support there is far too many to mention , and quite possibly would require a re-write for it to adapt to the asus tf02 ! : ) this is equivalent to asking if apple ios can be loaded on a android handset and vice versa , in plain simple word , the answer is no - nigh on impossible and there would be so much hackery to get it to work , let alone boot .
as i have just discovered , the latest cyanogenmod 10 nightlies have this feature . unfortunately it does not ever display an on-screen menu key . as a workaround , i mapped long-press of the menu key to its old function .
there is an option to minimize the unlock section by default in the lock screen section of the settings app . maximize widgets show widgets maximized and the unlock minimized when the screen is turned on .
short answer i would not recommend deleting the folder itself , but it should be pretty safe to delete its content ( i.e. . the files inside ) . i am just afraid you will not be able to do so  unless you have root access on your device . explanation core dumps ( on some android devices also called " tombstones " , which somehow explains their purpose ) are generated when an app crashes ( or force-closes ) . they usually contain a complete dump of the memory that app was using , plus some additional information  and are intended for debugging purposes ( to provide the developer with information about the state the app was in when it crashed  hence " tombstones " , describing the " dead of a process" ) . the system itself does not need them at all , so deleting them should be pretty safe . however , depending on implementation , the system might rely on the fact the folder is there  so removing the folder along might have " negative side-effects " ( should not , but who knows ) . as an empty folder is not using up any space , it should not hurt to keep it . on the other hand : as its only purpose is collecting those " crash reports " , and as they probably will not go anywhere either : who cares whether " writing those crash-logs crashes " ? ; )
it looks like someone has finally managed to get cyanogenmod 7 ( android 2.3.7 gingerbread ) ported to charm and flipout phones ( they are very similar in hardware . ) this thread over at xda has all the details : first of all your device should be rooted with superoneclick or any other method ( if you do not know how to do it search on google ) download flipout system recovery from the market . download cm7 rom here . https://docs.google.com/uc?id=0b_9pv...xport=download download google apps here https://docs.google.com/uc?id=0b_9pv...xport=download put both the cm7 rom and the google apps on the root of the sdcard . open flipout recovery and select install recovery system . grant it superuser permission . after that select recovery boot wipe data , cache and open advanced and wipe dalvik cache select " install zip from sdcard " - " choose zip from sdcard " - select the cm7 rom and go to - yes - and wait until finish installation , then use the same procedure to install the google apps . repeat step 7 again . reboot and enjoy cm7 . i am happy to report that this tutorial works , and completely replaces the motoblur firmware of motorola charm with cyanogenmod 7 . it is not perfect ( rotation is " sticky " , there is no way to disable the back-track , etc . ) but it functions well enough to be considered " working " .
you can certainly install the amazon app store app on the emulator . first go to the settings and allow installation of apps from unknown sources , then open the browser and download this app . this will download the app store . apk , which you can then install . however , if you are planning to download and run angry birds ( or other games ) , on the emulator , you will probably find it is too slow unless you have a very fast pc . it might work ok for less demanding apps . also , beware that at the moment amazon only permits us users to download apps ( see how can i get apps from the amazon app store from an unsupported region ? ) .
cyanogenmod 11 has a built-in mechanism for checking for updates . go to Settings -&gt; About Phone -&gt; CyanogenMod updates there you can toggle when your device will query for an update and on what release channel ( release and development being stable and nightly respectively ) . when an update will appear click on it is icon to download and install , from there , it will do everything for you .
having the free go launcher ex installed , you can install go launcher jelly beans theme , also free , and fully personalize your backgrounds . ultra clean , sharp app drawer with free replaceable backgrounds to change app drawer background : press menu > pref > visual settings > backgrounds > app drawer background > go theme background
the new facebook messenger released last week integrates sms and facebook messages in the same app .
if it is done like on the galaxy nexus , just open the folder , tap the text Unnamed folder and write your own label : )
after posting the question here , i contacted all the different developers of google reader apps on the android market that i could find . so far only one developer has answered whose app does exactly what i am looking for , but 1 is good enough ! https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.droidlab7.reader.pro i have tried it out on a gawker media rss feed ( deadspin ) and cbc sports news , works perfectly and fetches the full article , no more annoying browser pop up ! in the top right corner there is a button that executes the " mobilizing " functionality , which is the scrape that i was looking for . if/when i hear back from other developers i will post it up more links .
you could take a look at systempanel 1 or system tuner 2 . both let you monitor your ressource consumption ( not only battery ) , and ( at least in their respective pro versions ) also offer to do so in background , collecting data for later evaluation . system tuner 2 also offers a bunch of nice widgets 3 for your homescreen , if you need to watch things for a while . edit : after seeing mihic 's comment above , i noticed i missed another important point : while up to froyo , " dialing " the magic number *#*#4636#*#* brought up a nice system menu ( it still does that part ) including many battery stats , the latter ( battery stats ) have been removed since gingerbread . if your device is rooted , betterbatterystats can bring those back -- and do a great deal to help you identifying battery hogs : these two screenshots show you the most important information betterbatterystats provides : which apps used the most battery power while the device tried to sleep 3 -- and those who kept the device awake 4 , preventing deepsleep and such " powersave mode " . just helped me getting 20% more battery out of my device ; )
as you already pointed out in your question , it is a matter of intervals . of course , turning it off-and-on like a cars indicator light is more power consuming than simply leaving it on  and turning it off for 12 hours does really save juice . the matter is to find the right " interval " . not quite up-to-date anymore , but still sufficient for the " raw estimate": about two years ago i have posted a table with some consumption data , using two devices as reference . let 's average the values a little and assume they have changed " for the better " , so we can say : wifi in standby uses about 10 mw wifi downloading uses about 800 mw wifi uploading uses about 400 mw wifi searching for a nearby ap to connect to , including the entire process , must be somewhere in between ( no values in my table or their sources ) , but i would assume at least 200 . . 400 mw here  as like with cell signal , it needs to fully power up to scan the area for available ssids . let 's further assume the connect process takes about 5 . . 10s , just to have some numbers to juggle with : 5s &times ; 200 ms = 1.000 units ( minimum power-up consumption ) 10s &times ; 400 ms = 4.000 units ( maximum power-up consumption ) 10s &times ; 10 ms = 100 units ( maximum standby consumption ) by those numbers ( being just raw estimates , not scientific calculations ! ) , results would be : 100 . . 400 seconds are the minimum " disconnected time " for your described " toggle " to not consume more juice than staying in standby . toggling would thus make sense only for breaks of about 10 minutes and up . for a similar calculation , you might be interested in 2g versus 3g : does it really save battery ? : ) to avoid misunderstandings : as dan correctly pointed out in the comments , i have omitted a lot of details here . i was aware of that : the above is nothing but an idealized number-juggling , which should show that even at best circumstances permanent toggling is no good idea . calculating " exact numbers " which are at the same time " absolute " is impossible , as too many factors play a role here : noone expects wifi idling at 10 mw with the connection lost . it will certainly " power up " on a search for available networks . plus the points dan mentioned : many apps that perform network operations in the background use a broadcast receiver to run when the network connection comes up . if you are actually connecting to a network each time you turn the wi-fi on , all these apps will run , drawing more power . on each " toggle on and connect " , that is  while they would not do so at all otherwise , or at least at very lower intervals if the wi-fi was on all the time , the same apps might run more or fewer times to update or sync data . this very much depends on the apps installed/used if you are waking the device up and/or turning the screen on just to turn on wi-fi and check for messages , that'll use more power than the wi-fi itself . so please read my conclusion as " it makes no sense for time-frames smaller than 10 min " . the longer the interval , the more likely it makes sense  and the shorter , the less .
had the same problem with my kids profile . finally solved , but it required root grants ! this is what i did : close all running [ app ] instances . from command prompt start adb shell : c:> adb shell switch to root user ( your device must be rooted ) : shell> su go to in target profile directory : root> cd /data/user/ [ profile_user_id ] for example : profile_user_id==10 for first restricted profile . rename directory ( to have a back up copy ) root> mv [ app_dir ] [ app_dir ] . old copy app data from main profile ( id=0 ) to new profile : root> cp -r /data/user/0/ [ app_dir ] . change owner for files just copied : root> find [ app_dir ] | xargs chown [ app_user ] : [ app_group ] restart device ( not sure if it is really needed ) . hope this helps .
yes , it is possible , but very time-consuming . open the google play store , go to menu -> settings . tap on the " auto-update apps " and select one of the two " auto-update apps " options to enable it . go back , then go to " my apps " section , locate the app you want ( e . g . anti-virus app that you mentioned ) and tap on it once . now tap the menu button and the first option should be the " auto-update . " ensure the checkmark is present for this app . for all other apps that you have installed , you will need to follow steps 3 and 4 , but this time disable the " auto-update " setting by unchecking it .
yes , it works on droid x on verizon ( although the app might have unrelated issues ) : http://androidforums.com/1208709-post1.html
i am not sure if it is the same on older systems , but on ics it appears to save directly to /data/data/com.android.settings/files/wallpaper . i set mine from the browser , pulled that file , then changed it to a . png extension and viola - it was the image i had set . it also appears that this file simply gets overwritten when you change your wallpaper , so i do not see a way to recover one once it is changed unless you have a copy of the image somewhere else . this also appears to be where it is saved on cyanogenmod 7 , so it is possible that this is the " standard " location ( certainly a good place to check , at least ) .
others are reporting similar issues . is your build number 4.06 , 4.08 or other ? i would suspect that if you missed the initial rollout you will have to wait a bit , since they would want to do it gradually and not overload the network . you might get prompted again later or they might enable manual upgrades at some point . verizon says you can update over wi-fi , though again it looks to be an automatic thing rather than manual , but maybe you will get a second notification if you connect to wi-fi .
stylish 1.3b1 adds support for firefox mobile .
as long as the material of your clothes or bag contains no metallic element that could block the gps signal then your phone should be able to receive a gps signal fine while in your bag or pocket . i use the htc desire almost daily to record gps tracks , and generally keep it in my jacket pocket and have noticed no problems with the gps positioning . those problems i do have are related to travelling through built up areas or in buildings . you should remember that gps can be less accurate in dense urban areas as the receiver may be able to see some sky , but that patch of sky may not contain enough gps satellites for a direct fix . the signal may also be affected by weather , particularly humidity . have you tried any other applications , as it could perhaps be the app that is causing the poor performance you are seeing . for recording running i can particularly recommend runkeeper , i have been using it for six months now and it works really well , plus has some really good online features . for general gps recording the my tracks app is also pretty good . i would suggest trying a couple of different apps and comparing the results . if they are all showing gaps or jumps in the gps track then it may well be something to do with the way you are using your phone ( or the area you are in ) .
as far as i am aware , there really should not be any other settings which are affected by the ota . in fact , android central has a thread where people are compiling a list of new features and apps along with reported issues and bugs . they have put this ( losing your alarms ) in their list of bugs . it looks like it also broke netflix and wireless-n support , for what it is worth .
i am afraid there is not really a " one-stop solution " . as you already noticed , all the different backup types have different goals , all of them have their pros and cons ( see also our backup tag-wiki for an overview ) : while a nandroid backup covers the entire system at partition-level , it is not the easiest when you want to only restore parts . on its own , it is an all-or-nothing . luckily , there are other tools which can deal with those backup files : you can restore single apps with titanium backup , and even read single files from them ( see : how do i view/mount nandroid file on device ? ) . titanium backup covers almost everything on an app-and-settings level , and can read from nandroid backup files -- but it cannot create a full nandroid backup . also , restore between different roms can be a little tricky ( but that applies to all solutions ) , at least when it comes to system files . still , it does a good job even then when using its " migration mode " adb backup is a good thing , but only available with android 4.0 upwards and also restricted to " apps and settings " . additionally , it requires a computer to attach the device to for backup/restore . the latter can be avoided using apps like helium - app sync and backup , which run directly on the device and use adb as backend . i found the best solution on rooted devices is a combination of nandroid ( offered e.g. by clockworkmod recovery ) and titanium . for non-rooted devices , choices are rare : neither of the two are available there , which leaves the user with adb backup as the only half-way complete solution .
about your concerns : connection on air there is nothing that a log out at the end of every session would improve . if you do not use the email client , it will not transfer any data . and if you use it , it will query the server for new email etc . if the client would perform a log out at the end of every use , it just had establish a new connection again . conclusion : data related to the e-mail connection will be the same time on air if you do not use log out as when your e-mail client would log out every time . no gain here . just make sure that you have enabled a secure encryption . bandwidth you are right , that polling is the worst thing that could happen . but not from a bandwidth perspective . polling is just a quick packet asking " is there something new " and the server replying " no " or " yes and here is the data " . the data would be send later on anyways , so no big bandwidth consumption . it is more the battery life that should concern you , when you have a polling e-mail client on android . that said , trust the google engineers to build a e-mail app that tries everything to reduce battery consumption . if you use gmail you are safe , because the email app will use push notifications for new e-mails . if you use an imap account it depends on the server if it support the imap idle extension . if you use pop3 you are doomed , because it is a plain polling protocol .
this problem is a known bug in android 2.1 ( do not know if it is still present in newer versions ) . there is not much that you can do except being careful not to send too big emails . from my experience , it will eventually be sent but it can take up to a day . be careful because it will block all the emails you sent after the large one ! it seems they need to be sent in the order they were created . a solution to this problem is to use the dropbox application , to upload your pictures to dropbox , to " long press " on the filename , then " share . . . " and " share a link " by email to your recipients . this will only send a link by email so the message will not block as it does with large files .
do not worry vinit , one of the standard way for payment gateways ( including google checkout and paypal , paisapay etc ) to validate your account is by deducting a small amount ( typically 1 usd or an approximate equivalent 50 inr ) and returning it in next few days . please wait for few days and while doing so , please observe for any reversal of 50 inr . if you see a credit to your payment account then all fall in order .
touiteur has been updated today and now has filtering . please note that this feature may just be the paid version . i will update this answer with a link and qr code when i have confirmed those details . edit : it would seem that filtering is not a premium feature . the filtering can be found under the mute settings in touiteur -> more -> mute . you can choose to mute text ( inc . hashtags ) , users and apps ( sources ) . touiteur homepage
no - as far as i can tell you can not change the menu in an application ( unless that application specifically has that feature ) . you could try downloading another browser like opera , firefox 4 , or dolphin ( just to name a few ) . that being said , if you still want to use the default browser , you can " long-press " on the address bar and a context menu will pop up with the option to " share page " . you can use that instead . hope this helps .
install google maps . under settings from menu select ' edit home or work '
i have bad news : it almost impossible to get data from your internal storage if your mobile does not turn on . first we need to know more about the problem : what do you mean under not turn on ? does it light up or no signal at all ? what if you plug it into the charger ? can you see any lights flash up ? can you get into recovery ? if none of the above happen , then i need to ask : is your important data stored on your sd card ? most apps store their user data on sd card so you can access them if you pull out your sd card and read from that . if you re-install android , you will lose your internal data so if you have lots of important things on your phone ( not your sd card ) you should not reinstall without backup colornote does not store your data internally but uploads to the cloud . see their faq
from the devices page , it does not seem like your phone is officially supported - http://www.cyanogenmod.com/devices . as an alternative , see http://www.madteam.co/forum/development/%28development%29-cyanogenmod-7-1-%27galaxy5%27-port/ if you do manage to flash a custom rom , you can change back provided you use the roms supplied by http://samfirmware.com - not official , just a repository of original factory roms .
as of now ( unless someone can correct me ) there is no app that will monitor sprint 4g wimax data . although , it can be found by calling information *4 from a sprint phone and pressing 4 to hear details of the individual phone use . the 4g data will be listed , and can be sent in a text message to the phone ( if desired ) by pressing 2 .
a quick search brought up this article at http://blog.laptopmag.com/how-to-edit-video-with-movie-studio-on-your-android-tablet . while i do not have a tablet , i have played with movie studio before , and it looks like all you have to do is tap the timeline at the bottom of your clip , and drag the arrows that appear on its edges to trim it . this only trims the edges off , so if you want to take a part out of the middle , i would re-add the clip ( so you have two copies of it in your timeline ) , and then drag the arrows on the ends of the copy so you only have the part you want , without getting rid of the beginning of the clip from the original .
there is a paid app called eprint , which i believe works locally to printers attached to a wireless network ( printers themselves do not need to be wireless ) and does not appear to use a cloud service or need a pc in most cases . they have a free eprint version that you can use to test the functionality before you pay for the full eprint version . next there is printbot , this " network printer driver " supports 1,000s of printer types connected to a local network . the free version lets you print a few pages to test , the full paid printbot pro licensed version is unlimited . try both of those out and see which one works with your printer and apps . there are also some free proprietary apps that work with specific hardware , hp eprint should work , but only to hp printers ( both older network enabled ones and newer eprint enabled networked ones ) , samsung mobileprint should work ( but only for samsung printers ) . motoprint lets you print to a lot of different printer types as long as they are connected to a wireless network ( do not have to be wireless printers ) , annoyingly you can only install it on motorola devices , so not putting down as an answer for you but someone else might find it useful .
still no way without root . ( but i will post some quick links for root users . the old method ( need to edit settings . db with sqlite database browser ) : http://blog.pathany.com/2011/12/swype-on-kindle-fire.html new easier methods : [ guide ] get swype working without having to edit settings . db four simple steps to use alternative keyboards with kindle fire utility it is rather easy to obtain and revert root .
is not really an answer , but . . . there is wifi analyzer which shows more information on the wireless networks your device can reach . it gives you more detail than the average user would require . as far as i know , there is no application available on android ( yet ? ) that can " sniff packets " . would be an interesting application to have in the pocket .
unfortunately for us ( not so much for manufacturers and carriers , ) gingerbread closed the exploits that were previously being used to gain root privileges on older android os versions . this means that tools like superoneclick and similar will no longer work . the only way to get root on samsung devices with gingerbread is to flash a pre-rooted image onto the phone with a tool like odin or heimdal . forums like xda-developers and rootzwiki contain detailed instructions for flashing such an image ( kernel only , full stock system , or a completely custom rom . )
install go sms pro and use its Mark all read option ( its in More tab of options menu ) . as data container of text messages are shared between apps , changes will be reflected in stock messaging app too .
to remove any system default applications your phone must be rooted . and using this system app remover you can remove the system added applications . but you have to do this on your own risk . i have been doing a lot of research on android mobiles , i can tell that your system might not work properly if you remove any system added applications . but most of the applications work fine without any issue . updated system app remover is a paid application . there is one free application called root app delete . have a look at this . .
most apps do this now to protect the user 's mobile data usage . knowing that most data plans are limited ( 200 mb a month , in the case of my roommate ) , developers prevent users from , say downloading a 45 mb game from the play store/amazon app store via mobile network , as this would not be beneficial , seeing as it would take almost 1/4 of your data and would take a significant amount of time and battery . same goes with uploading . most apps do this as an option , though some ( in the case of the amazon app store ) will block you completely from performing these actions without wi-fi . but no , this is not an issue with your carrier . i have sprint ( and unlimited data ) and i am still forced to download certain apps and upload pictures through various services only through wi-fi . note : i have found that some apps that prevent wi-fi-less downloads ( i.e. . amazon app store ) allow me to do these on my network as long as it is over 4g . if you have this option , try it and see if it works for you as well !
this is really a question about android in general , and is based on a misconception of how android handles background apps . check out this xda post for a nice explanation of why processes sitting in memory in the background really are not a bad thing . you should only worry about exiting/force-quitting/killing an app if things start misbehaving .
if the water finds its way into the circuitry and causes a short , that could be bad , but i do not think there is any good way to quantify how likely that is to happen to any phone . i have a moto droid and get it a little wet all the time and have never had a problem , although i have heard of people bricking their phone under the same circumstances . if you do actually get it wet and it dies , it may not be bricked . after it dries out it will probably work again . you can aid the process by putting the phone in some rice or just blowing dry warm air on it . it is also worth noting that many phone manufacturers install moisture detecting stickers inside the phone . on the droid it can been seen through a little hole under the battery cover that shows red plus signs on a white background . if that gets wet , it'll bleed and that way if you try to return a broken phone and say it just died the tech can see if you got the phone wet , and even if that is not why it died , it'll void your warranty .
the problem was partially solved . download . apk file from the device ( with airdroid for example ) remove assets/fonts directory from the archive install the application with modified . apk file i suspect that this bug appears again with every application update , so this fix has to be repeated after every update
if you want to have any cellular functions apart from placing emergency calls , you have to have an actual cellular plan through a carrier . picture it this way : if you buy a land line phone for your house , take it out of the box , program speed dials , and set it on your table without plugging it into a phone line , you will not be able to receive any phone calls . your cell phone is simply a tablet until you activate a cellular plan through your carrier for it . also , the ability to place emergency calls is a feature on all cell phones that is not dependent on carriers . here is a list of uk carriers .
yes there is ! today netflix released an offical app . netflix blog post about release . currently netflix playback is supported on the following phones : htc incredible with android 2.2 htc nexus one with android 2.2 , 2.3 htc evo 4g with android 2.2 htc g2 with android 2.2 samsung nexus s with android 2.3 if you do not have one of these devices but you do have an htc or samsung device you can try this method here to make the netflix app work on your device . i have not tried this myself as i have one of the supported devices . try this at your own risk
i have seen some other reports avlbout 90 degree compass deviations , and they were reported on android 4.4.3 . now that was an extremely short lived version . on 4.4.4 the problem vanished . so i am still convinced that this was a 4.4.3 problem .
the camera api within android is not written to be able to capture raw . the camera firmware is at the kernel level and would require a custom kernel that is written with raw in mind . some of the post processing is being handled on the phone at the camera firmware level making it nearly impossible to find a way to actually capture raw images .
i have the same model and the digitizer is also 2/3 dead . if hold vertically , the left third from top to bottom works plus the rightmost vertical pixel line . i was able to unlock it using a two finger gesture : swipe the slider as far as possible to the right and hold it , then touch the right edge of the screen with a 2nd finger , then release the 1st finger . my permanent solution : installed cyanogenmod and enabled physical keyboard unlock . note that you can buy a replacement digitizer on ebay for around 20$ or so if you do not mind doing it yourself .
you could also use the my paid apps app . ( more information )
i have solved this problem . it was because of huge network traffic on the dhcp server , due to which the ack was not able to reach through wi-fi to the samsung galaxy android .
have you tried removing and adding both account ? or adding secondary account as primary account . making secondary account primary may not be what you want but its worth a try .
the xperia z supports usb-on-the-go , so with a usb-otg adaptor and a usb keyboard you should be able to enter the encryption passphrase to boot the device .
the facebook home app does not really do much itself . it gets all its data from the main facebook app , so it does not need to access the internet . doing any action from the launcher uses an intent to launch the main facebook app , so it does not need to ( say ) access your location or take photos to make posts : only the main facebook app does . to take another example , say you use facebook home to " like " something . facebook home does not go to facebook 's servers : it tells the main facebook app ( on your phone , so not using the internet ) to " like " the thing . then the main facebook app ( which does have the internet permission ) uses the internet to tell facebook 's servers about the " like " . the same goes for the size . all the facebook functionality , sync code , custom button graphics , libraries , and so on are in the main facebook app , so why would they duplicate them in facebook home ? facebook home probably just has a little code for laying out the home screen , a few icons , and the information android needs to understand that the app is a launcher . the apps can use each other this way because they are both by the same developer . ( actually there is a little more to it than that , but that is the first requirement . ) android verifies this by looking at the signatures on each app to check they were both signed with the same private key : in this case , a key that facebook ( the company ) has . without this private key , another developer can not create another app ( or modify this app ) that can use the facebook app like this . it is also possible for an app to create a new type of permission . so , as an example , the main facebook app could create a " read my facebook timeline " permission , and then i could write an app dan 's bookface , which would be able to request that permission in order to read the timeline directly from the facebook app , without needing the " internet " permission . when you install dan 's bookface , you had see " read my facebook timeline " in the list of permissions just like you do with the permissions built into the system .
with the big google plus push this past year , google have been slowly moving to retire picasa web albums entirely . first , they made it so that all of your picasa albums are available via google+ photos , then they have set picasa 3 desktop application 's sharing options to google+ as the default , then they even started redirecting https://picasaweb.google.com/home address to google+ photo albums , and android gallery sync options are indeed gone in 4.2.2 version . as of this writing , the latest gapps package includes the following change log : all apps updated to 4.2.2 versions google play store updated to 3.10.14 google play services updated to 3.0.25 gmail2 . apk ( gmail ) and googleears . apk ( sound search for google play ) removed since they are available in the google play store --may require uninstalling and reinstalling gmail and sound search after flashing . keeps previous version 's photosphere/picasa sync install on mako , manta , and tuna . the last line means that the gallery , which is no longer a stand-alone app , and instead integrated with the camera app , is an older version in order to preserve the picasa sync functionality , while keeping the newer camera features such as pohtosphere . unfortunately this is only available on very few devices such as nexus 4 ( code name " mako" ) , nexus 10 ( code name " manta" ) , and the galaxy nexus family ( code name " tuna" ) . this is due to the camera apps not being open source on either google 's android core apps , or every other manufacturer 's ui overlay . it is therefore impossible to get the picasa sync code working on other devices . if you are willing to experiment a bit , there is an older version of an add-on to the main gapps package here which may help you get picasa sync back . you should flash this gapps-jb-picasa-20121011-signed.zip file after flashing the latest gapps . zip package . however , keep in mind that this add-on was designed for android 4.1 ( not 4.2 . x ) /cyanogenmod 10 ( not 10.1 , ) and will therefore remove any newer camera features . it may also cause other unforeseen issues and instabilities , so make sure to take a nandroid backup of your current rom before flashing that file .
a " release candidate " is not a stable release . you should report this error to the cyanogenmod developers so that it can be investigated and fixed for the final release .
in the context of android devices , the terms are often used interchangeably . host mode usb has two different kinds of endpoint ( connected device ) , like a client-server interface . one device is the computer ( or host ) , and it is in charge : it is the server . all the other devices ( the peripherals ) are the clients , and can only communicate with the server . usually , a device can only act in one of those two rles : it would not make sense for ( say ) a keyboard to be the host . that is the way the protocol works , and the connectors are designed to make that easier for users : hosts have the rectangular a connector , and peripherals have either the square b connector or a mini- or micro- version . host mode is a name for when a device is acting as a host . every usb connection has exactly one device in host mode . pcs always run in host mode . ( you would not usually call it that for a pc , because it is not really a " mode " , it is always like that . ) usb-otg a phone is a bit different , though . sometimes you want it to act as a peripheral : for example , so you can plug it into a pc , so the pc can access the phone 's storage . sometimes you want it to act as a host : for example , to connect a physical keyboard or mouse to it . this is why many android devices now support usb host mode as well as usb peripheral mode : they can act in either rle . but how can you make this work , when a host 's usb socket is different from a peripheral 's ? this is where usb-on-the-go ( otg ) comes in . it adds an extra pin to the micro-usb socket . if you plug a normal a-to-b usb cable , the device acts in peripheral mode . if you connect a special usb-otg cable , it has the pin connected at one end , and the device at that end acts in host mode . this can be a little confusing if one cable has seemingly identical plugs at either end , which do different things . but cables with usb-otg at both ends are uncommon : it is more common to use an adaptor , which has a host-mode usb-otg plug at one end , and a rectangular usb-a socket on the other . you can plug a normal usb cable into this adaptor , and it will work normally . conclusion the names refer to two different parts of the usb technology , but they are very similar . after all , if a device " supports usb-otg , " it must support acting in " host mode " . the converse is often the case , but not always . most android devices that support host mode do so via usb-otg , but there are a few counterexamples : the original asus eee pad transformer , for example , has usb-a sockets in its keyboard , allowing it to act in host mode without a usb-otg cable . and of course pcs support host mode without usb-otg . so although the terms are usually used to mean the same thing in the android world - can i plug a usb stick into my phone ? - and for most devices it makes no difference which you are talking about , there is a distinction .
check out the free stayawake app simple app to toggle a stay awake mode . enables stay awake , always if plugged in to ac/usb
i do not think there is a setting in adw that can do that . i use adw . ex and i looked through all the settings and did not see any way to achieve what your are asking for . it is , however , open source , so someone could implement the option for this , or you could request it to anderweb and he might add it to an update .
it works out that you just have to keep trying . the power and volume down together ( for around a second ) will eventually yield a screenshot about 1 time out of a hundred . took a look at most of the apps out there and they either need you to root the device or install loads of other stuff , work for phones rather than tablets or just do not work . guess i am stuck with the crazy combination !
patch files are not specifically to do with android . they just represent a difference between two text files ( or two folders of text files ) . they can be produced by the diff tool , or by a version control system , and the same change can be applied to files by the patch tool , or by a version control system . patch files are often used by programmers to communicate a change that should be applied to source code .
the access point supports wi-fi protected setup ( wps ) , which allows easier connections to the ap . you can long press the ap to use this feature . see wikipedia for more info .
well , samsung 's power saving mode consists of 4 features : cpu power saving : limits the maximum performance of the processor ( may also disable some cores ) screen power saving : uses a low power level for the screen background color : uses a dark background color for some apps , which might reduce power consumption on some screens ( see here ) turn off haptic feedback : is the vibrating if you use the hardware keys or type something on the virtual keyboard . juicedefender consists of several other features which might save some battery , if correctly configured : it let 's you control when to use wlan/2g/3g connection , so you do not need to change them manually ( it can be configured to disable all 3g and wlan at night for example ) it has location aware wlan control , so it can automatically enable/disable wlan when it is available in this location it can also do cpu-scaling , limiting your cpu-power when you are phone is in idle state *some features might not work because they need a specific rom so juicedefender can save a lot of battery life if properly configured and will only slow down you are phone when it is not in use ( only if configured properly ) . ( cpu ) power saving will defineatly reduce your performance .
yes , assuming the device has been rooted and someone has engineered the update to work with your specific device . how fast that happens depends on how hard the devices manufacturer has made it , and how active the community is . its not as simple as just loading windows on a computer . i asked a similar question a while ago . check out the answers for more detail : what is involved in installing android onto a device ?
for this to work , your nexus 5 will need the " always listening " mode . it is not supported on this handset officially , but there are community developers working on enabling this feature . as of this writing , the development is still in a ( semi- ) working proof of concept stage .
the equivalent of an ipod in the android world would be one of these two : a handset with no telephony at all , this will be wifi only an example of this is the samsung galaxy player . a prepaid handset phone , this will still connect to wifi , but later on if you wanted , you could connect it to a phone network an example of this is the lg optimus v on virgin mobile . as long as the manufacturer supports it ( check the product page , but i think most do nowadays ) , you will be able to download apps from the google play store . you will also be able to download from alternate stores depending on the device . finally , i think all android devices can download from the amazon appstore .
i think gtalk uses port 5228 , and the notifications and market downloads both use the gtalk protocol internally .
i found a reason of my problem . before installing android file transfer i installed kies . after installing aft i uninstall the kies . i understand that when i uninstall the kies uninstall usb driver too . so installed kies again and aft is working ! ! ! its really cool application !
broadly speaking , if you have a " usb " cable that only connects pins 1 and 4 then you will get power and no data ( best buy was selling cables like that as universal usb charging cables a while back , not sure if they still do ) . likewise , if you have a cable with only 2 and 3 , you will get data but no power . if you are curious , here 's a wikipedia page with the standard usb pinout . note : micro uses the same pinout as usb a .
you could simply use a bluetooth/wifi mouse app like premotedroid . there are a bunch of others , and generally speaking they just allow your device to be used as a mouse/keyboard input . if you can pair with your pc it should work , although i have never tried it myself ( i do use premotedroid to pair with and remotely control my xoom , though ; works great ) . another option would be some kind of vnc or remote desktop client , but that is not as lightweight and some of them do not support linux ( splashtop , for example , does not have a linux server , iirc ) .
i use a combination of keepassdroid , wavelauncher and clipstore , which allows me to access my password manager from any app without having to close it , and copy my password to the clipstore before returning to the app i was in . sounds more complicated than it is ! alternatively , many like lastpass for automatic password storage and entry . but if you really want something gesture based , maybe biowallet along with it is separate biowallet browser might be of insterest . you can assign a signature , which is infinitely more secure than point to point gestures .
yes . page camera is now included in the evernote widgets . add it to your droid screen just like you would any of the other evernote widgets .
silent mode definitely is not supposed to mute media or alarms . both of those are controlled by you , unlike calls and other notifications that are caused by external events . you would not want to miss your alarm just because you forgot your phone was on silent : ) but it is definitely strange that it disables the volume controls entirely , that must be a motorola thing . you could try the audio manager app for better control over the settings . it does not sync the media volume to the ringer volume , but you can use profiles to quickly set up one where both are muted and then it is easy to switch with a click or two . it also manages alarms , notifications , in-call volume , and " system volume " ( probably the noises you can enable for when you click things and so on ) .
i have found that if i search for an address ( or other location ) , not too long after that i get a card with driving directions to that location . if i tap the card , i am asked if i " care about travel time to this location " . usually i say no , but if i say yes i will have a new card that gives me the travel time to that location , just like for work or home . in case you are wondering , the place to edit your work or home is Settings | My stuff | Places... . only home and work are available for me , but maybe they will add some more custom locations in the future .
if you go to storage in settings , you can see a basic breakdown , i am guessing apps wont be the biggest , however look to see if pictures and videos ; audio ; downloads ; cache or misc . is taking up a lot of space and click on the relevant entry to have further actions ( clearing cache , deleting downloads , etc . . ) . if this option is not available in settings ( it is in aosp , but may not be in touchwiz ) , try searching the play store for a comparable app ( see @user284oo6 ) .
after spending the whole week searching for this issue and testing different settings and tricks recommended by users from other forums , i have finally found the culprits . it seems that the least mark of your fingertips on the lens of your phone 's camera will make it less sensitive to qr codes and barcodes in general . that and also not having autofocus on . things i did that helped : clean the camera lens with a soft cloth to remove fingerprints or other marks turn on autofocus on your camera , if it is not on try setting camera action to macro , this seemed to make it recognize codes faster . i hope these tips can help others as it helped me . edit : also check this forum for more tips on this matter .
i now have gingeryoshi 1.5 running on my htc magic 32a , so i will answer my own question and explain how it went . as for the radio 6.35 , answer is yes , you can use it with the gingeryoshi for 32a new radio . here is how i swithed from 2.2.1 cm6.1 radio 3.22 to 2.3.5 gingeryoshi 1.5 radio 6.35 1 ) i reverted my htc magic back to the stock rom 1.5 + sense , this to simply revert to the new 6.35 radio . i did the update by connecting the phone to usb and running the ruu ruu_sapphire_htc_europe_3.05.401.1_test_signed_nodriver . exe 2 ) then i had to reinstall a recovery , as we have radio 6.35 we need a hero recovery , that is amonra 1.6.2 for hero ( the 1.7.0 wont work with magic ) 3 ) i flashed 1.76.2007 spl at this point only thing left is to flash gingeryoshi . from recovery , do a full wipe . ( i did not care about having an ext partition , so i left my sdcard untouched ) 4 ) flashing " ginger yoshi 1.5 new radio 32a . zip " from recovery following install procedure , answering the questions in order : - no ext - zeam launcher - no swap on ext - big density reboot : new htc logo with hiding bugdroid enjoy gingeryoshi 1.5 and android 2.3.5 , so far everything seems to be working fine , and no more troubles with my simcard . quadrant now gives 387 instead of 299 with cm6.1 :- )
f-stop media gallery does exactly that . you can preview photos and it has an on-screen 5 star rating and " favorite " button . unfortunately , the tags do not " stay " with the photo if you upload to google+ or facebook .
voice reply is not exclusive for samsung phones : i get it with the same " what is the weather " query on a nexus-7 . but it is controlled by a setting in google now . from the main window , go to the menu and choose settings . from the settings page , you want voice , then speech output . set it how you like . but take note that you only get a voice reply for the special queries that google now is programmed for , not for web searches . to get a list of these special queries , press the microphone icon and ask , " help . "
as trampster said , currently samsung are only pushing firmware updates through their windows-only kies software . many manufacturers push out the updates wirelessly " ota " ( over-the-air ) straight to the phone , so never go near a pc , and some provide a file that you download onto the phone 's sd card and then boot the phone into a special update mode , none of these have any desktop os requirements . other than that most of android is designed to sync with " the cloud " so mail , calendar , contacts , etc all sync with gmail , social networking sites , and some 3rd party mail/calendar/contacts providers straight from the phone to the server . music , pictures , videos etc live on the micro-sd card in your phone which can be mounted as a drive on any os that can normally mount usb drives . see this superuser question about mounting a galaxy s on ubuntu where it turned out to be much easier than the questioner thought what is the mount point samsung galaxy s for ubuntu desktop ? apps either save their data to the sd card , sync to a server on the web , or ( in very rare cases , but i do have one app that does this ) sync via wifi to a pc on the local lan . so , in general android phones really do not care what your desktop os is , as you will rarely need to do anything other than connect it as a usb drive .
every mobile battery has an inbuilt thermistor , ( which is a transducer which varies its resistance with respect to its temperature ) with which the charging circuit constantly measures the battery temperature . it can even prevent charging the battery if the temperature reaches dangerous level and by controlling its temperature , the life of battery is increased . mobile battery has more than two terminals , one of which is for this thermistor . see the image in my question asked in this site .
general information you might want to take a look at what do the permissions that applications require mean ? -- our " community wiki " which hopefully becomes such a ressource one day . next to that , you might want to take a look at app permissions explained  what do they really mean ? , a blog article at androidpit giving at least some short explanations . techpp 's article use permissions to secure your private data from android apps goes a little deeper into details ( recommended reading ! ) . another nice overview is provided by binarydroids . edit : i have tried to sum up information from all kind of sources i could find , so the probably most comprehensive collection can be found at android . izzysoft . de : permissions . do not be afraid of the " . de": it serves its content in english as well . ( disclosure : i am the owner , creator , and maintainer of that site . ) a last direct recommendation is how app permissions work and why you should care -- and for more , please visit our good old aunt google : ) edit : i could not resist to add more valuable hints , as this is a very sensitive topic . so i will continue updating my answer : android permissions explained , security tips , and avoiding malware , a very thorough article on more than just permissions ( seemingly similar article here ) what can a zero-permissions android app do ? android os : malicious apps can steal permissions ( including a chapter on how permissions work ) the ins and outs of scary android app permissions ( a general introduction into permissions and the " abouts" ) not directly an answer , but an interesting ressource on our sister-site : studies on android users ' attitude to security . names a lot of further sources , studies , etc . , including " permissions " how to find those permission-grabbing add-ons in android reveals another interesting fact i was not aware of , as obvious as it might look once you know it : advertising networks get the same android-permissions as the installed app theyre associated with . ouch ! a paradise for profilers . . . and , there are more permission-grabbing add-ons . . . smartphone apps : is your privacy protected ? use permissions to secure your private data from android apps ( while already from 7/2010 , it still has good explanations on permissions existing back then -- and still there today ) advertizement inside apps also keep in mind that many permissions some app requests might not be required by the app itself -- but rather by some ad module that app uses . so according to techrepublic 14 , mobfox and admob , two of the biggest ad networks , require the following permissions : INTERNET , ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE , ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION , and READ_PHONE_STATE ( so they can know who you are [ READ_PHONE_STATE: phone number , imei/imsi ] , where about you are [ ACCESS_COARSE_LOCATION ] , what networks you are connected to [ ACCESS_NETWORK_STATE ] , and whom you are communicating with [ again READ_PHONE_STATE , while in call , for the " remote number" ] ) . does this look a bit too paranoid ? that does not mean nobody 's after you , see deep dive into ad network behavior on android . which means : if you do not feel well with some combinations , you might simply check if the app on your wishlist also has a paid version -- which might do without those permissions , as it does not carry the " ad module " . speaking of this : addons detector will help you figure out which of your apps carry such a module piggyback . in this context , also consider : as trustworthy as the app developer might be , ( s ) he might not be aware of and has no influence on what those " ad modules " do with your data . remember : advertising networks get the same android-permissions as the installed app theyre associated with . 13 on this topic , also read : android apps and advertising : a bit too cozy android ad networks found accessing users private data free android apps often secretly make calls , use the camera how to curb aggressive mobile ad networks ( interesting to read for users , recommended reading for developers ! ) android adware abusing permissions , collecting more than they need reports show aggressive mobile apps want many permissions they do not need mobile ad networks accused of invasive apps ( with a " real life example " -- or rather " live example " ? ) top mobile ad networks : check out the networks on what permissions they want , how developers rate them , and more was this shocking news for you ? did i infect you with some " paranoia " -- and now you fell " left alone " with your bad feelings ? i will not leave you without some recommendations . first , you might want to know which potential " data thieves " you already invited to your device , unaware of those risks . it is usually no bad intention of the developer ( you know : " no money , no honey " -- the devs have to make a living as well ) . so having identified some " bad guys " , you might want to confront the dev and give him the option to switch to a different , less " dangerous " ad provider ( after all , the dev might have been unaware of the risks involved as well ) . if he is unwilling , you can still decide whether to kick the offender from your device . or to " go pro " , if there is a pay version available which comes without an ad module inside -- and honor the dev 's work while safe-guarding your data , which i would say is a typical win-win situation . so : what options do you have ? i will give a few examples below . addons detector knows a lot of those modules . high rated ( 4.7 stars at more than 3,000 ratings ) , it not only detects ad modules , but also analytics , development , and licensing modules lookout ad network detector -- nomen est omen -- concentrates on the ad modules . its additional value is the ability to tell you exactly what data is being collected , and by whom . comparable rating ( 4.4 at > 3,000 ratings ) trustgo ad detector offers comparable features , and also gives you details on the ad networks ' behaviour and backgrounds . currently 4.5 at ~ 2,000 ratings . " root users " might also have heard of several ad-blocking apps ( e . g . adaway , adblock plus -- the latter not even requiring root ) , some of them able to not only " block by host/ip " , but directly de-activating the ad modules . well , those are no longer available on the playstore , as google has banned them . but you certainly will find them in other places on the web . make sure to select a trustworthy source , if you plan to make use of those . i recommend f-droid , which has its own " market app " with the same name , so you get updates as well . all apps there are open source and thus free of charge . and no , obviously no " hacked pro versions for free " , all fully legal and lawful : )
i suspect that the events for which you get notifications have a reminder set in them . so the easiest way to get rid of the notifications is to turn off the reminders in the events themselves . typically , you would not have a reminder in the birthday event but if the event came from somewhere else ( like outlook or other phone ) then the reminder might get added to it . i had this problem on some phones . . . however , it could be very tedious to remove reminders individually if you have many events with unwanted reminders . the second part of the question : i would use tasker app for that . however , you have to pay for it . i am aware of a free automation app automateit ( sorry can not add a link because i do not have enough rep here ) and from description it looks like it can also kill sound based on a rule but i have not used it myself so will not comment . for tasker there are instructions on how to implement " sleep mode " with which the phone with " shut up " at night . if you go down this path i can assist more since i have set this up on my phone and it works quite well .
the problem lies in the number of rows on the screen . on the screenshot in the question , there are six rows designated for shortcuts and widgets . if the number of rows is reduced to five the music widget comes out as it should : screenshot ( click for larger variant )
i finally figured out how to fix this . i do not know if this is the best way to do this , and if this is unique to just this phone , but here 's what worked for me : rebooted the phone unlocked it at the lock screen that popped up when i came to the activation setup pages , i pulled down the notifications shade " quick settings " > > " all settings " > > home button i am not sure how exactly this worked ( glitch or bug , maybe ? ) , but it did . thanks for all the help !
go to your settings on your phone when in your settings go to " sound " , then " silent mode and vibrate " and things will pop up push " silent mode " then push " vibrate " , then " never " then your phone is all the way off ! !
custom keyboard layouts is an official feature of android 4.1 jelly bean . it is called " user-installable keymaps " , see more here . if you do not want to wait/upgrade : besides this , android uses keymaps also for bluetooth hid devices ( your device , some number keypads , apple bluetooth keyboard , etc . ) . more info how to change this is here .
i believe that matthew read is correct about there being no native way to sync this , and about locale 's ability to work around this , but i am going to suggest some cheaper and simpler alternatives to the $10 locale app : tasker ( $6.50 ) : basically the same as locale but cheaper . with this ( and probably locale ) you could set a profile that turns on autosync for only 5 minutes and repeats this every hour ( or whatever timeframe you want ) . also , tasker can use locale plugins . juicedefender ( free ) : i have used it before ( although never tried what you are trying to do ) and it is super easy to setup and use . it allows you to control total connectivity and app by app connectivity control . it also claims to allow you to schedule " synchronization events " , which i have never tried by sounds like it would control general and app specific syncing . sync schedule ( free ) : i do not think this will be as useful as the name suggests but if all else fails it is worth a shot . it allows you to set times for the autosync to turn off and on but i am not sure if it lets you set multiple time windows per day so this may be of limited use . also regarding your " is there any way to make it pause when i actually want to use the phone ? " question , the native android power control widget has an autosync as one of the options allowing you to toggle it on/off at will .
it is the same . at least in my setup ( htc desire s ) . the image i favorite end up in a gallery folder with the same name as the dropbox folder they are in . edit : the gallery app might play a big role in this . on some systems they are known to take quite a while to update etc .
power saving mode ( by default ) turns off some vibration , but it should only turn off the " haptic feedback " vibration ( vibration when you touch certain ui controls ) . you can change that by going to settings , power saving mode , and unchecking " turn off haptic feedback " . that is the mode i run my sgs3 in all the time . to get vibration working for text messages , you also need to enable vibration in the settings of the Messaging app itself ( i am not sure which settings you were referring to when you said that you " went into settings and enabled everything that has the word " vibrate " in it" ) . to do that , go to the conversation list in the messaging app ( not an individual conversation ) , hit the menu button , then select settings . look for the " notification settings " section and check " vibrate " . to get vibration working for incoming calls , there is a similar setting in the Phone app . launch the Phone app , make sure you are on the Keypad , Logs , or Favorites tab , tap the menu button , select Call settings . then select Ringtones and keypad tones and select Incoming call vibration . the Device vibration will let you modify the vibration pattern used ( so you can tell an incoming call from a text message / email ) . to get to the Phone and Messaging apps : press the " home " button at the bottom of the phone ( the physical button in the middle ) . that brings you to your home screen . the touch the " apps " button ( it looks like 9 square white dots , and is usually on the lower right of the home screen ) . that will bring up a list of all applications installed on the phone . scroll through looking for an app named Messaging ( or Phone ) . the icon for the Messaging app looks like a white envelope with a yellow piece of paper coming out of it . the icon for the Phone app looks like a green square with a white phone receiver on it . tap the app icon , then follow the instructions for each app above to activate vibration for text messaging and incoming calls .
what if you used tasker/locale with this plugin ? you could then turn off data using apndroid .
chrome to phone is a great app . it is one of my most used apps . install chrome to phone from app brain or the android market . next install the chrome extension . finally find the directions on google maps and click the chrome to phone button . this will open up either the web page , google maps , or google navigation ( can not remember ) on your device assuming your device is connected to the internet . however , since this is not a phone i suspect you will not have an internet connection while you are driving which could be a problem if you are trying to use google maps/navigation .
google maps 5.0 has an offline mode that will allow you to view maps without an internet connection . google is now caching large areas on android devices based on what areas they frequently search in google maps from their android phone or tablet . this means people living in new york city , for example , will always have local street and area maps content . but if that is not satisfactory , there is always mapdroyd : mapdroyd stores map files locally on your device using our highly compressed and efficient micromap format which is designed and optimized for embedded devices .
dropbox is making it seem more complicated than it really is . unlike on the pc version of dropbox , the files you see in the dropbox app are not actually stored on your tablet . it is just a list of files you could download . when you view the file from dropbox , it downloads it temporarily into dropbox 's private storage area , and then temporarily gives the app you choose access to the file . just click " save to sd card " . that actually downloads the file to your tablet , and saves it permanently in a storage area that other apps have access to . after that , the image will show up in gallery , probably in its own " dropbox " album .
you can use either the way geff_chang suggested or use android service menus in the service menu , it is located at Software info -&gt; Phone info you can always use third party apps as well .
maybe this post from xda will answer your question . this is not an apn problem , it is a sim problem . your provider has one set of numbers on your card , and another set of numbers that actually identify the network , and they do not match . technically , from the phone 's point of view , you are roaming , even if it is the same provider . from the provider 's point of view , you are not roaming . up until cupcake , we had that same problem here in canada when using the " fido " network ( which is owned and operated by " rogers" ) . the network identified itself as " rogers " , the sim cards identify themselves as " fido " , the phone think 's its roaming . so ; you do not need to worry about roaming charges when you are actually connected to the correct network . but ; you do not have an easy to read display to tell you when you are really roaming , nor can you make configurations that are based on whether you are or are not roaming .
from the code comments : // ... Verify it matches one of the given public // keys.  you can not just use any old signature , that would defeat the purpose . apks , on the other hand , are intended to be created and distributed by anyone and the signature is ostensibly to verify the source rather than limit the source .
as long as your charger device deliveres the right voltage then you should be safe . the maximum current specification is how much ampare it can deliver before the voltage from your charger goes out of usb voltage specs or blows a fuse . i do not know how they have constructed the htc desire battery chargine part , but i would use your charger . they should have some current limiter for the battery in any case , or you could not charge your phone in an ordinary computer usb connection .
according to amazon 's developer agreement ( see section 2 ( a ) ) a developer receives at least 20% of the price the developer sets for the app , regardless of the price amazon actually sells it for . according to everything i have read , this applies when amazon makes an app free ; it is not a special case . edit : they changed the agreement , adding the sentence " no royalty is payable for apps with a list price of $0.00 . " this may or may not have changed the original meaning of the agreement ; the definition of " list price " ( section 5 ( i ) ) was thought by many , myself included , to mean the original price set by the developer . the wording is not clear and a lot of people obviously misunderstood what was supposed to happen .
in the comments , ce4 pointed out what was going wrong . a space gets inserted automatically after each exclamation mark ( and probably other sentence limiting characters like full stop , half stop or question mark too ) , resulting in an invalid password with a space char too much . whenever i enter an exclamation mark , i also enter the following character , use backspace twice and then enter the following character again . seems to be the simplest solution yet . samsung should consider turning off these weird auto-complete stuffs in password boxes !
you first have to convert both dates to seconds using variable convert . then subtract those two values to get the number of seconds between the two dates and convert that value to the number of days by /24/60/60 ( hours/minutes/seconds ) . here is a sample task that illustrates using 08-01-2014 as %startdate and today ( %date ) which is 08-23-2014 as %today . the result is 22 days . a1: variable set [ name:%startdate to:08-01-2014 do maths:off append:off ] a2: variable convert [ name:%startdate function:date time to seconds store result in:%startdateinseconds ] a3: variable set [ name:%today to:%date do maths:off append:off ] a4: variable convert [ name:%today function:date time to seconds store result in:%todayinseconds ] a5: variable set [ name:%secondssince to:%todayinseconds - %startdateinseconds do maths:on append:off ] a6: variable set [ name:%dayssince to:%secondssince / 24 / 60 / 60 do maths:on append:off ] you could shorten this a bit by eliminating a3 and replacing %today with %date in a4 . also , you could combine a5 and a6 by using ( %todayinseconds - %startdateinseconds ) / 24 / 60 / 60 . i split it up only to show the individual steps better .
after some digging around , it turns out that there is indeed a way to handle localization in the sdk that could help answer this question , but from the localization documentation , i do not get the impression an end-user can easily find these files and read them . izzy 's two suggestions from the comments are really the best available solutions here . switch the system language in the settings , provoke the error message , write it down , and switch back . while the system language is switched , all apps will use this if not explicitly told otherwise . you could try is to google for the translation , which might turn up the translation xml file holding both , original string and translation .
i believe this feature is called text reflow and is not an actual a feature of android but more of htc . the htc browser reflows the text as you zoom in . this can get very annoying especially because after reflowing it can move your focus area to the closesr text not what you were zooming into . my personal pick for an alternative browser is dolphin browser mini . it has both the functionality you are missing in the stock htc browser but also the speed you expect when loading webpages and launching the browser . dolphin browser mini
i followed this guide rooting mine : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1773659 i started at step 1 . how to install twrp or cwm : on stock firmware or custom roms - gb , ics and jb the guide even has a section for troubleshooting odin errors . be careful with odin . when you are editing your bootloader . you can brick your device if you do it wrong , and then your only option is jtag repair , which will cost you ~$50
i found a user reporting 123 mb of free internal memory after the upgrade , vs 134 mb on a stock froyo , so you lose 11 mb when upgrading , although it seems that applications take up less space and app2sd is more efficient . i would like to hear more stories though .
unlikely to be possible in this context , as dalvik cache has a fixed system-wide location ( /data/dalvik-cache ) . so you cannot have " linked apps place their dalvik cache directly on sd " . either all or nothing . take a look at the app2sd tag-wiki for alternative approaches which might allow to move the entire dalvik cache to your sdcard . but a selective move imho is impossible . remark : an exception to this general rule are odexed roms , where the .odex files sit in the same place as the app , at least for system apps . so there might be a way to do the same for " user apps " which i have missed . )
it was current data usage from settings > data usage > show on lockscreen .
thanks for advice , problem was with ms exchange . i had to delete ms exchange account and recreate after this exchange asked me about permission for account and everything works fine .
is your nexus 4 100% stock ? ( i.e. . no xposed module changes , or low-level tweaks like status bar mods and dpi changes ) . verification will fail if the system files on your device do not match factory/the expected ones . i had this happen to me several times with both my n4 and n5 . reverting the changes i made ( thankfully , they were not too many ) fixed it .
it looks like a whatsapp problem . your best bet would be to raise this concern with whatsapp themselves . there is no guarantee that they had fix it , but this is not google / android issue either ( from a general perspective ) . developers should follow " best practices " when developing android apps . update 2013-10-07: this issue has been discussed in xda , and it is because of how whatsapp handles notifications ( no specific details given ) . in that thread , there is a possible solution using the light flow app .
click the notification which will open Data usage settings and move the orange warning bar above data usage level . next warning will appear when the warning level is exceeded again .
connect your phone open the windows device manager open each relevant device ( if more than one is shown ) , choose " update driver " , and select android_winusb.inf
in short , you are correct . disabling in-app purchasing completely via In App Purchasing option makes password-protecting under the Parental Controls settings redundant . it is definitely confusing , and could have been better accomplished by having just one setting with 3 options : disable , allow , allow with a password . it is possible that these two settings used to work differently on older versions of this app , and developers decided that keeping the settings separate would be less confusing to existing users than combining them .
well , there is a menu available for handsets running android os . to get the menu , go to your stock phone app and type the following . **#*#7378423#*#* it is simply *#*#SERVICE#*#* there are many things you can do in this menu . view service information check service settings carryout service tests reset customization settings some of these items may differ from handset to handset . these are the typical menu items available . this menu comes handy when checking the total call timer ( in service tests ) , rooting status check ( in Service info -&gt; Configuration ) , etc .
the new version of gdrive fixes this problem , however the offline-compatibility is worse .
you can use an alternative launcher like launcher pro / adw / go launcher etc . all of these have options for hiding apps from the app drawer . unfortunately , the gallery app will still appear in share and send to menus in various apps . no way around that . if you would rather certain folders remain invisible to the gallery app , place a blank file named .nomedia in the folder to keep it from being displayed in the gallery . unsure if quickpic will also have same functionality .
your phone needs space for upgrades , temp files , and the like . you can not fill it up to the brim any more than you can fill the hard drive a computer os is on . google will not do away with it . if you are out of space and your phone does not take an sd card , then yes you will have to clear up space for new apps . if it takes an sd card and you have root or 2.2+ , you should be able to move many of your apps onto it ( search for how ) , and app2sd support is being encouraged .
found this at : http://orlygoingthirty.blogspot.com/2011/01/how-to-uninstall-expired-launcherpro.html i finally found a workable solution : download the latest launcherpro apk ( or hopefully any other apk ) . connect your phone to your pc and mount the sd card . copy the new apk to the top-level of the sd card and rename it to something short ( like lp . apk ) . unmount the phone , then in the phone browser ( which is the only thing lp lets you run ) , type the following in the url bar : file:///sdcard/lp . apk ( notice the three slashes ) this will force-launch the installer application on the phone . now on my phone , it was set to disallow non-android market apps from installing ; since the apk is not off the android market , the phone popped up an error and offered to let me change the application setting . which launches the settings application .
i solved my issue using a 2a charger instead of my phone 1a charger or the usb port that provides only 0.5a . i am sure i have been able to charge my nexus with all the power sources , but maybe i left it on charge all night long .
the answers to how do i copy pictures onto a folder on the home screen ? provide a couple methods of creating shortcuts ( it requires another file manager ) . as well , the root explorer file manager allows you to set the default path when it opens ; you could set it to the path of this folder , so you would not need to browse to it .
turns out that the solution for this problem is the one i alluded to above . the system date/time preceded the certificate 's issue date , and i suspect that was causing the problem . setting the date to the correct date ( or sometime between the certificate 's issue and expiration date ) seems to have solved the problem .
the likeliest culprit for your high latency is first and foremost the fact that you are using a wireless carrier 's network , which are notorious for their high ping times . switching from one carrier to another probably would not solve your problem , and even if you went from a 3g contract to 4g you probably would not see that much of an improvement , especially as more and more people start buying 4g capable devices . additionally trying to do something as data-intensive as play world of warcraft over your cell carrier 's network is never going to feel right . games like that rely heavily on low response times and are best left for wired broadband connections .
a developer on the xda forums provided a script that changes the default behaviour so that connecting by usb mass storage is the default behaviour . i had to use a file manager app that gave me access to the root directory , i placed the script in /system/etc/init.d/ , changed the script 's permissions to rwxr-xr-x , and then rebooted the phone . now i have the full functionality and ease of use i hoped for . i will probably eventually have to use to something like mtp or whatever , but hopefully in the meantime while proper support is developed by all relevant parties , i will not have to suffer .
although i still hope that someone else gives me a easier and quicker solution , i have found the following procedure to be a fairly quick method to accomplish what i wanted ( someone else will certainly have another idea regarding this , i am sure ) : i send the contact information using the Send via gmail to my own gmail account , press Download in the received email and choose Contacts and Phone ) . since all information is present in the . vcf file attached to the mail , i can now easily create/duplicate a new contact without having to enter the name and phone number again .
the xperia mini pro and the xperia x10 mini pro are actually different phones . confusing , i know . the former appears to be a " refreshed " version of the latter with your specs .
i solved the error . instead of selecting pictures from a folder , use the album , and the picture folder will be listed as an album . deselect all the other albums , and pictures should show up .
http://goo-inside.me/evo/stock/ruu/ provides a straightforward guide , reproduced below , of how to revert to a stock rom , and it looks like all you need is clockworkmod . you probably want the newest dec . 15th software linked on that page . heed the warning ! warning ! ruu'ing your phone will wipe all data on your phone , and if done incorrectly , can brick your device permanently ! performing an ruu entails completely wiping your user data , removing root , removing your custom recovery , and switching to the specified radio , hboot , and stock sense rom version that is in the file name . instructions : download the unrevoked forever s-on tool and flash from clockworkmod or amon_ra recovery . download zip file for whatever software version you want to restore to . note that you may not be able to downgrade , depending on your current software version . check md5 ( windows : hashcheck , linux/mac : use md5sum comand from terminal ) . rename file to " pc36img . zip " ( ensure that you do not have file extensions hidden , aka , that the file is not now " pc36img . zip . zip" ) place file on the root of your sd card . boot into hboot by powering off phone , then holding down volume down and power until you are taken to the white screen with the skating androids at the bottom . when asked if you want to flash the file , press volume up to confirm . the remainder of the prompts should be self-explanatory after that .
i also agree with nanne but will two suggest two other ways of monitoring your data connection . . . you can add the power control widget to the home screen . it comes stock with android and it will lets you easily toggle the wifi among other things . when wifi is on , 3g will be off and you will have a visual representation right there . there are 3rd party version of this widget that actually let you toggle the 3g connection specifically . if you have a limited data plan as you do , beside just being diligent about monitoring your data connection , you can automate the monitoring process with something like phoneusage pro . this app allows you to set daily , weekly or monthly limits for data usage and it will notify you when you hit those limits . since theres sometimes a lag in registering data you could set up a notification to let you know when you have used 750 mb of 3g data in a month and then you will know it is time to start using wifi more frequently .
you should get the option to add them unsynced . like this :
try running this command from your pc : adb shell bmgr enable false  if you have more than one device or emulator running/connected , you will need to add the -s DEVICE option .
ok i believe i am a step closer to solving this adding to the dictionary issue . this is how i am getting around it firstly my keyboard is set to portrait type 3x4 predictive text on with continuous input . now to add a word turn off predictive text . now type your word manually and when your done , and with the cursor flashing directly next to the end of your word , goback into settings and turn predictive text back on . now when you back out of setting you should see your word in the suggestion list above the keypad . tap your new word and you should find it added to your dictionary . this method also works for email addresses . just to be clear this is for use on android 4.1.2 my device for all concerned is samsung gs2 . let me know if this helps .
one method is to put a file called .noMedia in the root of every folder that you do not want to be scanned . it will not improve the scanning of actual media , but it will prevent wasted time searching elsewhere ( or indexing things that you do not want indexed , such as app assets ) .
yes , it is possible . need a file manager w/root first , you need a file manager that has root access . personally i use es file explorer . within es file explorer , you will need to enable root access ( it is under the tools part on the left menu ) . all users will need to have signed in all users must have had to signin at least once to create their partitions . else , you will not see them . browse the exact location is : /storage/emulated/* # Android &lt;= 4.4.3 /mnt/shell/emulated/* # Android &gt;= 4.4.4 (actually, it may be 4.4.3 too)  where * is the userid . i am not sure how to get the user id , but on my tablets with 3 users it shows up as : /mnt/shell/emulated/0 # owner account /mnt/shell/emulated/10 # first user I created /mnt/shell/emulated/11 # second user I created  from what i gather for userids , it goes in order that i created the users . 0 = the first original owner account . then each account goes up from there ( 10 , 11 , 12 , etc ) . note : if your file manager does not have root permissions ( meaning the app itself must request root access ) , then when you enter one of the directories above , they will be blank . this is telling you that your file manager does not have root access - you need a file manager that knows how to request root access .
there seems to be a problem with the latest cyanogenmod 7.1.0 and the german locale . possible solutions are some users report that if you search google on your phone for " gmail market " and open the market:// link with the market , gmail will install . use the market enabler to change your mobile provider and download the gmail app . manually install the . apk from this thread
it sounds like you want the extremely common ls -l  for reference , the complete busybox help for ls :
yes , you are justified and they are being sneaky . once a set of permissions is allowed , it can install new permission into that same set without getting approved on update . but you can retake control . if your rooted , you can download the xposed framework installer from the xda forums . xposed installer http://forum.xda-developers.com/xposed/xposed-installer-versions-changelog-t2714053 " xposed is a framework for modules that can change the behavior of the system and apps without touching any apks . all changes are done in the memory . " must be rooted playpermissions xposed module http://forum.xda-developers.com/xposed/modules/playpermissionsexposed-fix-play-store-t2783076 " this module aims to fix this problem for users who care about permissions . it'll do the following : 1 . make the play store show you all of the app 's permissions . 2 . require you to manually update apps with new permissions ( regardless of the category ) . " xprivacy module http://forum.xda-developers.com/xposed/modules/xprivacy-ultimate-android-privacy-app-t2320783 " xprivacy can prevent applications from leaking privacy sensitive data . xprivacy can restrict the categories of data an application can access . this is done by feeding an application with no or fake data . there are several data categories which can be restricted , for example contacts or location . for example , if you restrict access to contacts for an application , this will result in sending an empty contact list to the application . similarly , restricting an application 's access to your location will result in a set location being sent to the application . " modules require xposed framework to be installed to function properly .
not sure about keyboard font but maybe you can change the font in apps . check out this link - custom fonts in apps . and also this link - custom fonts in apps 2 . link 2 is from external site .
ok if you havent checked out the link uri posted , " root , " to put it simply , is administrative privileges on the phone and gives you the ability to mess with core system files and configurations . the " superuser " app is just an app that is designed to grant or block root permissions to different apps . rooting android phones is sometimes complicated but it mainly depends on the phone and manufacturer as different manufacturers lock down their phones in different ways . some developers have brought it down to you just plugging in your phone when a certain app is running and everything is done for you while other times will require you to run terminal commands , and download specific software onto your phone . unlike standard desktop linux , root has to be acquired through exploits apparent in the phones . now why gain root ? well for android phones , it allows us to a variety of things such as have the ability to underclock our processors for considerably better battery life or overclock them for performance . we can also create wifi-hotspots with ease , run network based attacks such as arp-poisoning , conduct cookie hijacking and so on . its like jailbreaking an iphone ( except its a lot more power to tinker in the palm of your hands ) . in your case , your app probably configures the network card on your phone for the file server in a way that cannot be done with the traditional android api and so needs more system access ( hence the request for root permissions ) . there is no " simple " setting to turn on root no matter what phone you have . this is because carriers make money by locking down your phone and forcing you to pay for more functionality ( i.e. tethering/wifi-hotspot ) . if they give you the ability to activate root , then some people could easily circumvent their control , thus making them lose money . the other possibility is that careless people who do not know what they are doing could seriously mess up their own phones and thus making it a support nightmare for carriers and manufacturers who now have to deal with bricked phones . what should your best approach be ? it all depends . if you really plan on tinkering with the phone or want custom software or want better battery life , then rooting is for you . if you just want to use your phone with no extra functionality or no hassle , then do not bother for root as you probably do not need it . if you do want to root , carefully follow all instructions and do your research . your best place to start is on your device forums on xda here : http://forum.xda-developers.com/forumdisplay.php?f=1404 the 1 click root also has a very good chance of working but this is not verified to work with your device afaik .
unlocking the bootloader will void your warranty . the first situation is not covered by the phone 's warranty , but the second might , according to your country 's laws . for example in finland , the repair company has to show that the problem is directly caused by flashing in order to deny the warranty claim . it is possible to get the phone repaired , but you have to fight with the repair shop and possibly with samsung to get it done , and it could get tricky . having said that , flashing is pretty easy as long as you follow the instructions to the letter and do not rush . bricking is pretty rare if you are cautious , so i would say go for it : )
solved it myself after hours of googling . i really only needed to run error checking on the internal storage ( checkdisk ) in windows . since i could not get windows to mount the drive normally , i tried booting into clockworkmod recovery mode and then connect usb . ran the error checking ( right click on drive , properties , tools , error-checking ) , rebooted phone and voil ! life is beautiful once again .
check the size and format of your sd card . the current clockworkmod recovery version ( 6.0.3 . x ) does not support exfat partitions . if you have a newer card that is over 32gb , chances are it is formatted using exfat file system , due to limitations of fat32 on windows . the solution is to either use a smaller card formatted as fat32 , or use a different recovery that supports exfat , such as twrp , for example .
it turns out the compass needed to be calibrated . i rotated the tablet a full 360 degrees in all three axes , and the problem cleared up . i used this app to monitor the orientation sensor , and while i still see the x axis orientation value drifting , it is being corrected automatically so that accuracy is maintained .
the clockworkmod folder contains data that cwm created , and more specifically the backup folder is where your device 's backup files are stored . all of those files are what constitute a nandroid backup of your device . if you are looking to free up some space on your device you can delete the folder , but cwm will recreate only the folder every time you reboot ; the backup files will not be recreated , and will only be generated when you use the backup feature so be sure to copy these files to a computer ( for backup purposes should you ever need to restore it ) . i often create nandroid backups , copy them to a computer or external storage , and then delete them from my device to save the memory for more useful things .
the problem is not that a file already exists at that path : it is that the app you are trying to install is already installed on the phone . have you previously tried to install superuser as a normal app ? you need to uninstall it before you can root the phone . uninstall it in the usual way from settings  apps . in addition , the motochopper exploit only works up to the 4.2.2 firmware for the galaxy s4 ( and only s4 variants with the snapdragon chipset , not exynos-based ones ) . if you have already updated to 4.3 or 4.4 , this exploit can not work . you need to use another method , for example unlocking the bootloader the conventional way ( though if the phone is carrier-branded the carrier probably has disabled unlocking the bootloader ) .
i would personally recommend using a terminal emulator or adb shell and then using the ls command . you can get the uid 's listed by name if you use the -l flag and listed by number with the -n flag . note that in the /data directory you will need root permission in order to index the files/directories , so ls will fail with a normal user :
there is a much easier way , but it may not be supported in all countries : buy them each a google play gift card , and attach it to their accounts . they come in different " sizes " , so you can limit the amount they can pay . no identification stuff connected to the cards , and once they are used up there is no more use for them ( of course , you can buy the next one ) . another positive aspect : you might decide to let your kids use them themselves . the danger is just as high as the value of the card ( though content might pose a risk ) . so it is like " pocket money " for learning " monetary responsibility " : )
killing all running apps did not solve the problem , nor did disabling the automatic sync for google account items like videos/photos ( which i heard suggested for a similar battery issue ) . what did work was simply rebooting the device by holding the power button and picking shut down . after rebooting mediaserver no longer appears to use much of my battery in the usage chart and my charge lasts like it always did . so if you get the same issue , just reboot .
according to this xda-thread an apple usb-> ethernet adapte r works on a similar ics device . so technically it should work . but it in your case it could be hardware limitation , so you should try it out before buying . just go to an apple store and ask kindly ; - )
according to this thread on code . google . com ( from april 2012 ) , it seems that one user solved a similar issue after they were advised to turn off 2 step auth to use google play : i am having same issue and tech just advised i have to turn off 2 step verification to get into play . so i would disable 2 step auth on the google account associated with the device and try again . ( if that does not work , i wonder if it is even worth trying a factory reset with 2 step auth turned off . . . ) btw : that thread is in the issues list for source code behind the google authenticator application . the issue is not actually related to that application , however , after setting up 2 step auth the user reportedly could not access google play so that is why they blamed that app . alternatively ( still assuming 2 step auth is part of the issue ) , you could create an app-specific password for google play as described in this answer . quoting that answer : create an app-specific password for google play at https://accounts.google.com/issuedauthsubtokens ( e . g . , name it " android phone play store" ) . on the phone , add a 2nd google account ( all settings > accounts and sync ) . launch google 's play store . go to menu > accounts . switch account ; then , switch back . when it asks for a password , enter the app-specific password you have created .
here is how i solved both problems : 1 ) remove battery and reboot . two times because it was still behaving strange the first time . 2 ) remove files little by little , until i found the problematic file , called %01.%02 , i recognized its content as a tile from the maverick map app ( which i have not launched so it is more of a random casualty ) . anyway , i renamed that file to a.a. and then deletion was successful .
are you able to get into the recovery boot menu ? ( on my phone , it is accessed by holding down the vol down button when turning on the phone ) . if so , there may be something that can help you . i have had this happen to me , and what i had to do was to try re-installing the rom from the zip file , using the process described here ( scroll down to flashing cyanogenmod - method via recovery ) . on that page , it also states " as of right now cyanogenmod is not officially available for the htc thunderbolt " . i did a bit of digging , and found that the only available cyanogenmod roms for the thunderbolt are unofficial . at this juncture , i would suggest flashing a different rom , or an earlier version of cyanogenmod , if you still have the zip file you used before the update .
" in the case of devices without true external storage , it is still necessary for android to provide an emulated external storage in order to remain compatible with older apps . in other words the ram is physically internal ( non-removable ) but a section of it is partitioned and the android file-system apis treat that partition as being " external " and world-readable . " taken from answer by @squonk stackexchange-url as to where to store your downloads at storage/sdcard . the others are symlinks to that location . a symlink is a shortcut , a low-level pointer . a symlink will look like the linked file is actually there , rather than it just being a shortcut . once you tap on it , itll be directed toward the actual file location and run/use data from there .
your handset is not damaged , not totally . but you do need to get some professional help , someone who is willing to carry out the procedure in restoring it , provided that someone has the necessary tools at their disposal . however , you can fix your imei using a highly specialized but expensive repair box such as z3x , nspro , to name but a few . mostly , smartphone users do not have access to them and only repair labs or specialists have them .
there are some ebook reader apps with can enable you to share book passages . and you can use google translate to share them . . . so select the passage and share it using google translate ! for example , the kobo app for android and aldiko ( free or 2.49 ) are ebook readers which enable to share book passages . google play books have a built in feature to translate passages too ( it must use google translate ) . obviously , you can also copy the passages by hand , open the google translate app and use it to translate what you have just copied . it is not quite smart or ergonomic but it works .
hey i got solution after giving lot of time on this problem . this is the defect of samsung software . actually every software version is linked with some number . but it not send any sms to that number . because of licence , security reason they need to linked every version to particular number . if some problem occur in mobile phone then only it communicate with this number . but in some particular software there is some defect that is why it send sms when new sim inserted into mobile . the solution is go to your nearest samsung service center and update your software .
i actually found taskxp for multitasking which someone recommended . it is just what i wanted . it shows my recent apps and any apps that i pin , in an overlay that i can quickly hit back from .
pictures , videos , downloads , and music are all stored on the sd card by default . you can get at them by popping your sd card into any card reader . ( probably have to get an adapter ) app settings are stored on the phone . but if those apps support google 's backup service those settings will be restored on your new phone .
see my answer here on some ways to save battery power on your phone .
it is always enabled on the kindle fire . you simply need to add the fire 's device id to your android_usb.ini file so that the google adb drivers will find it . you can do this from the command line very easily with : echo 0x1949 &gt;&gt; "%USERPROFILE%\.android\adb_usb.ini  then restart adb adb kill-server adb start-server  and you should be good to go . if it still will not recognize it then you may need to go into the " manage " menu and uninstall the fire , then unplug it and plug it in again ( i do not remember if that step was necessary ) .
after a lot of experimentation and backwards and forwards and disabling and enabling various things , i have got it to the point where i have not seen that error popup for about a week now ( which is a huge improvement over it appearing every 10 minutes ) . unfortunately logcat never seemed to show any obvious , enlightening errors when the force close messages popped up , so there was nothing to work on there . various posts on web forums suggested that going into accounts and sync disabling sync on calendars and contacts , then clearing the data on the calendar and contacts app should help , but it did not seem to for me . in the end what i think solved the problem was : completely deleting all my non-primary google accounts off the device ( i have a primary google account , which is a google apps one , plus another google apps account and a normal gmail account ) disabling all of the sync on my primary account clearing the data on the calendar and contacts apps leaving it an hour before re-enabling the sync on my primary account leaving it a day before adding back my secondary accounts , and enabling their sync not 100% sure which of those steps solved it , but after doing all of those steps in that order my problem has gone away .
rehearsalassistant is what i ended up using . it is ok for now .
please visit http://www.twofortyfouram.com/support.html q : i see the shortcut setting opens apps . . . how do i kill apps ? a : android treats memory differently than a desktop computer . when leaving an app , it is paused rather than killed , so that returning to it later is faster . if android needs more memory , it will automatically close apps that have been paused but have not been used recently . because android manages memory automatically , " task killer " apps are not necessary . google has blocked " task killer " apps for android 2.2 and later . while it is not possible to " kill " apps on android , the shortcut setting can be used to simulate this behavior by bringing the home screen to the foreground . to do this , simply create a new shortcut setting that opens the " launcher " or " home " app ( on htc devices , the launcher might be called " htc sense" ) . when the setting is fired , it will bring the home screen to the foreground , pausing whatever application was previously on the screen .
search the settings inside the camera app there should be one to change/disable camera sounds . if there is no such option , i am afraid the only alternative you have is to try alternative 3rd part camera apps .
have just noticed this too on my ( original ) galaxy s since it got the gingerbread update , presume that this is something that samsung have changed in their gingerbread build , as the s2 comes with gingerbread from the factory . on the galaxy s ( and i presume it will be the same on the s2 ) they have a built-in storage ( either 8gb or 16gb in the original s ) that looks like an sd card to the os , but is actually built into the phone , there is also a micro-sd card slot , that can take normal micro-sd cards . previously these showed in the phone as " internal sd card " and " external sd card " , since gingerbread they are now shoing as " sd card " and " usb storage " . it looks like " usb storage " is the built-in storage space ( 8gb on my phone ) , whereas " sd card " is the separate sd card that plugs into the slot by the battery and you can plug the card in yourself ( i have got a 32gb card in mine ) . most apps do not know that there is two separate storage spaces , as this is a samsung thing , not an android thing . media files copied into either location will be picked up ok by the media scanner , so you can put your music , etc where you want without any worries . some apps , like the camera app , have been modified by samsung to know about the multiple storage locations and will let you save to either ( configurable in the settings ) others do not , and will only save to the " usb storage " space . i have not had a chance to play with kies air since gingerbread , so can not help you there ( but i will try to over the weekend and update ) . but for file manager apps you should be able to see the folder /mnt/sdcard which is the " usb storage " and looking down that you should see a folder called external_sd which , if you open it is your micro-sd card . for any apps that let you pick where to save files , saving to this location will ensure its on the actual sd card .
glympse seems like a good alternative . just pick who you want to share with , and for how long , and they can follow you on their phones or computers ( and they do not need glympse installed ) .
figured it out . . . go to the wifi settings , hit the menu key and choose " advanced " , and uncheck " avoid poor connections " .
there is no such thing as an " i747 t999" . the i747 is the model used by at and t . there is no relevant difference between the i747 and the i747m used by bell and telus , or the i747r used by rogers . they are identical as far as software or repairs are concerned . the t999 is a different model used by t-mobile , wind mobile , and possibly others . the only real difference is the supported frequency bands , though this means they are not intercompatible for roms . casings are identical , as are common parts like the camera or screen . i would presume that by " i747 t999" , they mean the part is compatible with both the i747 model and the t999 model , which it should be , as the physical form of them is identical .
https://support.google.com/hangouts/answer/3118600?hl=en this does not work ? i have not tried it , because i do not have hangouts on my phone . edit 1 sign out of hangouts tip : if you dont want to receive notifications , enable snooze notifications . touch menu >  settings > touch your google account > scroll to the bottom and touch sign out .
try installing betterbatterystats or gsam battery monitor pro . both apps can provide you granular data about how your phone 's battery is being drained . you know the power hog is google reader but these apps can help you determine if the app is killing the battery because it is using a ton of data or if it is initiating long or frequent wake-locks . . . if i had to guess without any more info , i would guess that reader is updating in the background frequently and consuming a lot of data .
your device is in download mode . i do not have that device , but if the battery does not come out , you will probably need to use adb and send an adb reboot to get it out of download mode . if you do not know how to use adb , then you can just let the battery die . i do not like that option though because the same image will be on the screen for an extended period of time . does the screen look like this : to use adb : download the usb drivers from samsung download the android sdk connect the device to your computer via usb cable open a command prompt where the android sdk was installed and change to the platform-tools directory . for example , my sdk is installed at c:\android-sdk so i run the following : c:\android-sdk> cd platform-tools then try to reboot with adb : C:\android-sdk\platform-tools\&gt; adb reboot  if that does not work try the following command : C:\android-sdk\platform-tools\&gt; fastboot reboot 
first are you talking about storing the music on your android device or on the google servers ? if you are planning on streaming music to your device from the google music play servers then you can not store your music in a lossless format see this page about formats on google play music , and notice this line : flac , ogg , and aac files are transcoded to 320kbps mp3 however , if you want to store the music locally on your device then your question makes more sense . there are a few ways to put alac music on your android device in flac keep your library in alac and convert songs to flac as you want them . then move the new flac files to your device . a program like max should be able to handle the conversion for you . convert all of your alac files to flac in place and then use fluke to enable flac playback support in itunes . what option you select depends on how much you like to keep your os free of plugins like fluke and how ofter you are moving music to and from your device .
go to settings -> apps , swipe to all , scroll and press launcher , then select clear data . your home screen is as good as new : ) update : as suggested by chahk below , a good way to avoid cluttering your homescreen is by going to the play store then going to menu -> settings and un-checking the auto-add widgets option .
as far as i can tell , this is not possible within android 's calendar apps . it is possible , however , in google calendar 's web app . if you are syncing with a google account , you can go to google calendar and set up events to repeat every 5 weeks . you would have to set up each segment separately , but you could then set that segment to repeat every five weeks . for example : go to google calendar add an event for one day of work ( say , a single night shift ) edit event . . . check box for " repeat . . . " in the popup that appears , set to repeat every 5 weeks , and select the days that week that have the same schedule ( e . g . , mon , tues , wed ) . repeat for each segment in your schedule . if you use the same google account to sync your calendar to your phone , the schedule should appear shortly .
i hope someone comes up with a different solution : as far as i can tell , the solution presented in the answer by al everett , does not work . my work around : i have created a folder called ' inbox server ' on the exchange and set up a filter to move all incoming mails from inbox to ' inbox server ' . since the sync only syncs the inbox folder by default , effectively , no exchange emails are synced now . but if anyone else has another solution or comments , please let them know . i will be glad to read them .
iirc , one difference is that odin can change the filesystem to a different " format " . for example , there are rom for the galaxy s devices that would change the filesystem from rfs to ext4 . if you did a nandroid of the device , before you flashed the rom , then decided to go back to the " stock rom " , your filesystem would still be ext4 . this could cause issues if it is not a filesystem that the stock rom can deal with , or expect . as for , " is it better " , it does make it easy for samsung owners to go back to complete stock , but nandroid is still a full backup of your device at that time and could , essentially , work just as well .
/cache partition is mostly for saving the downloads from google play store , found in /cache/downloads . it also can hold the recovery log found in /cache/recovery called last_log as well ( this holds any errors and/or diagnostics from the recovery binary a l cwm or stock , which will get logged in the file to aid debugging and development of the recovery binary ) . there is also another directory in there called lost+found which holds any recovered files ( if any ) as a result of file-system corruption , such as incorrectly removing the sdcard without un-mounting it . so really , there is no loss of data from clearing it . in fact , upon android boot-up , the script will clear out the /cache/downloads to make way for any new downloads/updates from google play store .
mhl is a new wire protocol , using very clever signalling technology to use very few wires to transmit a lot of data : 1080p video , 7.1 channel surround sound , and rcp remote control data . mhl also uses the existing power lines on usb to allow the tv to power the connected device . when connected to an mhl display , the display controller on the phone speaks the mhl protocol just like it would speak the hdmi protocol to an hdmi display . the mhl standard itself is just the signalling protocol : it does not specify what connectors are used . this allows the micro-usb connector on a phone to detect when it is being used for mhl , and switch to speaking the mhl protocol . apart from the connector , there is no relationship between mhl and usb , so you can not use a usb hub : the cable has to connect directly to the device . hdcp hdcp on mhl works in exactly the same way as over an hdmi or displayport connection : the intention is that only consuming devices with a valid , unrevoked device key can perform key exchange and thus decipher the content . see the wikipedia page on hdcp if you want to learn about that , or about why the intended behaviour is not the actual behaviour . mhl connections there are three types of cable . the first is not an adaptor at all : it is just a cable for connecting an mhl producer such as a phone to an mhl consumer such as a tv . you can only use this if your tv supports mhl and has the appropriate connector . the second is the 5-pin micro-usb-to-hdmi adaptor you have mentioned . you can still only use this if your tv supports mhl , but it means the tv does not need a special port . it does not use the hdmi protocol , or convert any signals : it is just a cable with a micro-usb connector on one end and an hdmi connector on the other . the third is the 11-pin micro-usb-to-hdmi adaptor . this is needed for newer samsung phones , which are incompatible with the 5-pin adaptors . only the connection to the device is different : as far as the tv is concerned , it works the same as the 5-pin adaptor , and the tv must still support mhl . as you have surmised , the use for the extra pins is that 11-pin cables support using usb-on-the-go at the same time : the adaptor is y-shaped , with a micro-usb connector at one end , and hdmi and micro-usb connectors at the other . the usb part works as normal and can be used with hubs , either in host mode or peripheral mode . displaylink the other thing you have seen , a " usb to hdmi convertor " , is for pcs . software running on the pc acts as an extra framebuffer , and uses proprietary compression technology to compress the video stream so that it can be sent on a normal usb link . the compression protocol is secret , and optimized for sending computer guis rather than movies . the hdmi end of the convertor has enough processing power inside it to decompress the stream into a framebuffer , which it sends over hdmi to the connected screen . the technology is developed and owned by displaylink ( formerly newnham technologies ) , based near me in cambridge , gb . because they rely heavily on software running on the producer , they do not support android , and likely never will . and because the compression protocol is secret and proprietary , the open-source community will not be able to supply a driver either . these devices use the standard usb protocol , so they work with hubs , but of course any delay or bandwidth contention caused by other devices will make the display laggy and add compression artifacts .
this depends entirely on the oem and what features they decide to put in their devices . however , i have used a panorama feature since the beginning ( 2.3 gingerbread ) on my nexus s , and have had it all the way till my 4.2 galaxy nexus , so i can say that the stock android camera app has panorama , at least 2.3 onwards . beyond that , device specific panorama is dependent on the oem . you could always use third party apps , like this one , which supports android 2.1 and above .
as far as i know this is not really possible . but there are apps available in the play store that implement a panic button where you can place a button on your home screen ( and maybe also your lock screen , but i have not it yet ) . one of those apps i found is red panic button . but you can also have a look in the play store yourself if you search for something like panic button etc .
make sure your proxy server is not blocking video streaming . if connectify is broadcasting an internet connection which is already established thru proxy , android has got system-wide proxy connection . so , there is no need to setup proxy in particular player . sometimes , proxy servers limit the speed of video streaming and even block it . so , get this info first if proxy server is not managed by you . then , try using real player and let me know . .
it was hard to take screenshots on 1st generation kindle fire tablet . you had to android sdk etc and connect to your computer etc just to take a screenshot . we are used to print screen function on computers . how to take screenshot of kindle fire hd or kindle fire 2 1 . press and hold volume down and power buttons simultaneously . your kindle fire screen flickers and takes a snapshot of tablet screen . you can find the saved screenshot images in photos > screenshots . make sure to select device tab at the top as shown below . you can send saved screenshot via email , skype etc . i did not any option to send them via bluetooth . it seems kindle fire has limited sharing options .
after some searching , it turns out this feature is provided by the sprint network ( although that does not rule out that other carriers/devices may provide similar functionality ) . the q and a at community . sprint . com points to the sprint connection optimizer , aka the " intelligent mobile network and wi-fi setting . " this setting " will automatically connect you to wi-fi networks on your device 's remembered list . " this setting can be enabled/disabled by navigating to settings > more settings > mobile networks > sprint connections optimizer .
try tunein radio , it has both stations , and it is great ( and free ) !
i found the solution by myself . in settings > lock screen you can configure your lock screen . there are options to change the way screen is unlocked , to change wallpaper and to change widget and shortcuts .
i also have the safe device and had faced the same problem . i have two wonderful solutions : 1 ) use link2sd . this app moves your app 's apk , lib and dex file to second partition of you sd card . it will leave only the data files in the internal memory . so you can install nearly five times the more apps . i have a blog post if you want to try it out . 2 ) use sueprnova rom . this rom is the stock rom with data2sd support . so you can even use 2gb of sd space as internal memory . both of this solution requires you to have a better class of sd card .
ok , what i ended up doing was using the astro file manager app to access /system/customize/resource on my phone , which seems to have the wallpaper graphics ( amongs a load of other stuff ) . i copied the wallpaper i wanted to customize to an easy-to-reach place on the sd card ( edit | copy , then paste , in astro ) , and copied it to my pc . customized the wallpaper , and then copied it to the sdcard 's dcim directory via a usb cable ( you can also use bluetooth for this ) . i set it as my phone 's background and it worked ! yay ! kudos to the people at xda-developers . for those interested , i just wanted to have my phone 's make/model display as part of the background . here 's my new background wallpaper :
es datei explorer is more than just a simple file explorer . it offers a bunch of additional features , which explain most of the permissions you have listed . i am using this app for years already and can assure you : it never abused any of the permissions ( especially i never saw it making " phone calls " , and yes , i supervise such things ) . but for the things you list : storage : what do you thing where your files are , um , stored ? all file managers access the " storage " . otherwise they could not write there , so you could not copy/move files . phone calls : this is a permission group , not the permission COST_CALL itself . the only permission from that group which es file accesses is read phone status and identity . so it can detect whether there is an incoming/outgoing/ongoing call ( and see the remote number ) , as well as check your device 's id ( imsi ) . not sure what for the app needs this , though . network communication : this app can also access the network ( feature list : remote file manager ) . so you can e.g. use it to copy files from/to your computer , e.g. using windows shares ( also known as samba , smb , cifs ) . a feature i really enjoy quite often . so nothing bad about this ! system tools : again a permission group . here the app requests : modify system settings , connect and disconnect from wi-fi , set wallpaper , install shortcuts , uninstall shortcuts , access bluetooth settings , prevent phone from sleeping . all mentioned permissions are explainable from the app 's feature list , though the " modify system settings* is a little unclear . hardware controls : once more a permission group . only used permission here is control vibration . so no danger from that , either . so the point is to look behind those " permission groups " what permissions are really requested by an app , and cross-check that with its features . if something 's unclear : ask , as you did : ) " better save than sorry " is a good attitude ! if you are still concerned , and rather want a more minimalistic solution ( as you do not need all those features ) , there are plenty alternatives . but i personally can warmly recommend you this app , from my own experience : it is easy to use , and never let me down in years . no " permission abuse " either .
if your phone is not rooted , then you can not access the " os " or the " programms " . when you plug your phone , you can only browse its internal and/or external storage in a file explorer . if you are not rooted , you can use adb to browse the " os " , but you can only view it and you can not access /data folder . if you are rooted , you can access and write all to the internal parts of the system , but it is dangerous if you do not know what you are doing . in every case , you can not see it through windows explorer .
i had bad luck with any " cheap " cards that i ever bought . they usually end up being " off brands " , and some of the slowest performing . the cheap ones usually do not even mention the class rating , which means they are probably a class 2 , or worse . i never had them fail in the short time you seen , but they did fail , and after 2 cheap cards failed on me in my android device , i spent the extra couple bucks and went with a " name brand " class 6 ( i could not even find a class 10 when i bought it ) . i have had this card for almost 3 years now , it has moved between 3 different android devices in that time , and has seen its share of custom android roms flashed to the host device . not to mention it even had a time , before froyo , it was partitioned to with 1gb ext4 partition to act as an " extension " of the devices internal storage , and even swap at one point on my adp1 . i have had zero problems with it .
turns out you can forward all traffic over the network by entering 0.0.0.0/0 you can then check by doing a google search for your ip and it should now be the public ip of your vpn 's gateway
it is possible that the usb cable is designed for charging only ( i.e. . not a data cable ) , or is of poor quality . off-topic : although not a usb cable , i have encountered otg cables that could not detect a usb drive . in this case , it was a poor ( or defective ) otg cable ; other cables were able to detect the usb drive . related posts ( external ) : all micro usb cables are not created equal ?
as you have already tested , trying out different browsers might be a good alternative . i suggest you try either boat browser or dolphin browser . my stand for chrome browser still remains . it is still an immature browser , and lacks many features / add-ons that are available in other browsers .
on my galaxy s3 , running 4.1.2 , the user dictionary is a background service that can be disabled . if you are running a similar device look into the following : settings\app manager\all\user dictionary click the disable button . if you are using a different device or system this could get you started in the right direction .
if its dropping your data connection , why have not you uninstalled it already ? seriously , there are things you can do with stock applications to improve your battery life , like turning off wifi , gps , data connection manually , all of which can be down easily with the power control widget . also , i noticed that there is a beta version of the app that is noted as being frequently unstable . is this the version you are using ? if so , buyer beware .
if you have not opened the application in a while , it will naturally disappear from the list of recent apps . try opening it with the widget and then going back to the home screen . if gmail is once again under you list of recent apps , you just have not opened it in a while . if it does not appear at all , then the widget you are using does not add gmail as a recent app .
backup your apps using astro file manager or mybackuppro or titanium backup . then perform a factory reset to wipe everything . finally , from the backups , restore the apps , but not the data . ( most backup apps allow you to do this . ) be warned that some apps store data on the storage card , so a fresh install might still pick up the old data off your sd card . be sure to erase your sd card too .
judging from other apps , i would suspect the answer to be samsung printers only . that being said , hp has eprint , but google 's cloud print offers printing for older models of printers as well regardless of make .
there is really no way to answer this question . there are devices out there that got to version 1.6 and are at the end of the line . i have a droid with froyo ( 2.2 ) and do not expect to get any more os updates . it all depends on the hardware and , most importantly , how much effort the manufacturers and/or carriers want to put in to update the device . if the past is any indication , the answer there is " not much " . they seem much more interested in selling their new phones . while google and the manufacturers recently met and said that there will be more of an effort to support and update devices for at least 18 months , we have not seen the results of that . while they occasionally backpedal on announcements of " no more updates " it has not been very frequent . if past performance is any indication , i think you can expect a few point releases , and perhaps a full release ( to version 4.0 ) but beyond that i do not think is going to happen . this is , of course , speculation , and this is now a fairly long non-answer answer to an unanswerable question .
with 4.3 , android apparently has three types of " users": primary user ( admin , owner ) secondary users restricted profiles primary user is the first user created for the device , when setting it up . all users ( the primary user and secondary users ) have pretty much equal control of the system - they can alter all the system settings , create more users , etc . but they cannot access the data or the apps* of the other users . since all users can only access their own data , they can also be linked to different accounts . likewise , they could also use a same account if you set it up for each user individually . however , this does not make the device aware of the different users useing the same account - each user has their own " link " to the account , unaware of the others . a restricted profile is different . like users , it has it is own settings , and own data . however uses the primary user 's accounts and installed apps . the primary user controls which of these are enabled for the profile . further , these profiles can be given parental-type restrictions to content - such as blocking all content defined as " mature " . ( note : this requires support from the apps providing the content in order to work . ) * - google play appstore does sort-of support some inter-user data - when you install an app that another user already has , the same app code is used by both users . this means it does not need to be downloaded a second time , and does not take up extra space . it also means that when one of the users updates the app , it is updated for everyone . however , only thing shared between the users is the app code , the users cannot access each other 's data . more information on developer . android . com , see specifically : support for restricted profiles .
i have found that cyanogenmod has something like this , but i did not really want to install that just for easier volume controls . i found that there is an xposed module called gravitybox that includes this . it included a lot of other stuff that i did not care about too , but thankfully someone extracted this specific feature and repackaged it as expandablevolume . i installed that , and it works great now ! ! example 1 example 2
summarized answer : the main issue your facing is that you are using smartassv2/ondemandx that was developed for stock kernels . but you are using it with a non stock kernel , the cyanogenmod 7.2 . see bellow a summary for each of them . useful reading : a beginners guide to android kernels smartassv2/ondemandx governors stock kernel is the factory firmware . if you are using smartassv2/ondemandx governors , they are modules for phones with stock kernels because they do not have ' smartass ' or ondemandx ' governors : xda developers forum :: smartassv2/ondemandx governors for rooted/stock rom | 2012-02-24 last updated : by andyx ; 16th may 2012 at 07:47 am . this modules are for people with stock kernels because they do not have ' smartass ' or ondemandx ' governors . differences between this modules and build in stock kernels : allows to set max cpu freq when screen is off ( to save battery ) , allows to set starting cpu freq when phone awakes ( to speed up awake process ) , allows set/change almost all aspects of governor ( to suite needs ) , should be a bit more responsive when parameters are well chosen for smartassv2 governor . cyanogenmod 7.2.0-rc1 the current cyanogenmod 7.2.0-rc1 u8160 port status is stable , but there are some known issues reported . already fixed reboot related issues : v0.9 ( 20120203 ) : hotfix 4test5 [ 21 feb ] : revert longterm patches due to random reboot issue . v0.7 - 22 january 2012: kernel stability fix ( disabled sched_hrtick due to instability/random reboot issue ) . note : check your version . the latest is v1.3 released at 2012-06-25 . use the link bellow to get detailed information about the development and what users are reporting . if you have got a version above v0.9 , consider reporting your issue , thus allowing the developer to deal with it . if your version is not the latest , consider changing to it . xda developers forum :: huawei u8160/u8180 cyanogenmod 7.2.0-rc1 u8160 port latest release : v1.3 last updated : by psyke83 ; 25th june 2012 at 01:57 pm . thread responses : 3830
all you really need to to is enable usb debugging in the device settings and plug in the device . as long as you have eclipse , adt plugin and the android sdk installed , which you do if you have been using emulators , you should be good to go . eclipse will automatically use the device when it is plugged in and no emulators are running , unless you have told it not to . if you are using windows , you may have to install the device vendor 's usb drivers ; if so , windows should prompt you about this when you plug in a device with usb debugging enabled . the android training class building your first app will walk you through all of these steps with a sample application .
according to steve kondik , this is essentially old code that is leftover from older versions of cyanogenmod : this was only here for apps that were statically linked against uclibc in old cm versions . it can likely just be removed . however , he also goes on to note : also , this file is not written when connecting to a network as /system is readonly . the actual dns servers are read from system properties . i also just verified that the dhcp supplied servers are actually being used , so this issue is invalid unless someone proves otherwise . so the values in /etc/resolv.conf actually do not reflect your dns settings . what you can do instead is use getprop to find your dns values . you can pare it down rather nicely if you grep the output like so : getprop | grep dns  also worth noting : the /etc/resolv.conf file appears to have been removed completely in later versions of cyanogenmod . i do not have one on cm10 at all , but getprop does correctly show my dns settings .
multiple triggers are supported on automateit pro : http://automateitapp.com/index.php/user-guide-2/composite-triggers-actions-pro-version-only/ as of version 3.0.54 ( released on feb 2013 ) , you can unlock pro features from within the free version . read here how to unlock features : http://automateitapp.com/new-release-rich-notification-unlock-pro-features-and-more/
according to this thread , your device is rootable using framaroot . as you only need a temproot , the first thing to try would be to : extract the temproot binary used by framaroot and push it to /data/local/tmp or any folder where you can set permissions flag this file as executable then run it $ chmod 777 filename $ ./filename  if successful , you have temp root and can remount the system read/write # mount -o remount,rw /system /system 
according to the specs at wikipedia it is 320 x 480 px 3.2 in ( 81 mm ) hvga 65,536 color lcd 180 pixels per inch ( ppi )
if your phone is rooted , i would highly recommend droidwall . it is a firewall application that allows you to restrict access to internet by application . it has separate permission settings for wifi and cell data , which allows you to restrict the data usage by the connection as well . chances are though that you will also need to be running a custom rom or kernel that has " iptables " module built-in . in terms of minimizing data usage in general , there are several settings you can play with . i would recommend going all manual by disabling " auto-sync " and " background data " options under Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Accounts &amp; sync . then take a look at interval update settings in all 3rd-party apps you use for services such as twitter ( twidroid , seesmic , etc . ) , facebook , e-mail ( k-9 mail , e-mail , gmail , etc . ) , rss feeders ( newsrob , feedr , etc . ) , and others ( widgets , weather apps , etc . ) most such apps let you configure the update interval via settings . either make them all disabled/manual , or use the farthest update interval they allow . also disable any notifications in these apps so that they use even less data . you might also be able to use some apps/widgets that toggle the data connection ( without affecting the cell signal ) and only enable it when you need to use apps requiring data ( retrieve e-mail , catch up on tweets , use browser , refresh weather status , etc . ) and then toggle it back off when you are done .
yes there is , though it is not really elegant and it is a really bad idea to do it . the app that you do it to , will more than likely break if you revoked a permission and it tries to use it . if this would not be enough you will lose your app data and you will not be able to update from the play store . with that said it is not that hard to do . you need apktool . refer to this guide on how to use it ( you will need the decompile and compile commands . ) and this on signing the apk after you are done . you need to modify the AndroidManifest.xml file . look for lines like this : &lt;uses-permission android:name="android.permission.CAMERA" /&gt;  and remove it if it bothers you . after you are finished recompile the app than sign it . now you can uninstall the original app and install the new one using a file manager or in adb using adb install /local/path  to find out what each permission allows , you can refer to the incomplete documentation or try searching for it is name .
figured i would check in again : ) my phone and tablet are both running 4.2.2 ; bluetooth tethering has been working perfectly for months . there must have been a bug in 4.1 that got fixed in 4.2 .
tubemate app might be using phone 's internal storage for merging . how much is your phone 's free internal storage and video size .
i got solution : i just clean battery node and it is work .
some network-branded devices use a virtual cd-rom device to supply their own tethering software . if your phone 's tethering is not restricted and the device created is empty , i would say it is safe to ignore it .
what the phone 's essentially asking you here is , do you want to use only 2g data networks , only 3g data networks , or automatically switch between them depending which is best ? the gsm setting will give you access to 2g ( and 2.5g ) data networks using gprs or edge data standards and speeds . wcdma will give you access to 3g networks ( using either normal 3g or hsdpa standards and speeds ) . the normal setting would be auto , which lets the phone automatically select the best ( normally fastest ) data network that it can pick up in the area that you are currently in , but as this involves using all the 2g and 3g chips and antennae this uses more power than forcing the phone to always use one or the other . the downside to picking gsm is that it will stop your phone connecting to high speed 3g data networks , but will save power as the 3g ( wcdma ) chips and antenna will not be used . the downside to picking wcdma is that it will stop your phone from using 2g networks at all ( so if you are in an area with no 3g support , then your phone will have no data signal ) but if you are in an area that you know has good 3g signal , then selecting this will save power .
if you really just want to remove it ( which , fair warning , may cause problems with the system ; i have no idea ) you can : use adb to delete the . apk file : adb shell rm /system/app/Camera.apk . you may need to first elevate to root ( adb shell and then su from the shell ) . use titanium backup to uninstall it a potentially safer route that people take is to use titanium backup pro to " freeze " the app , causing it to essentially act as though it is uninstalled without actually removing it ( so it can be " defrosted " later if needed ) . this does require the pro version , though .
it looks like your phone tries to build a 3g connection only if packet data is enabled . after all , 2g is just fine for voice and texts . but unsuccessfully trying to create a connection when there is no network costs a lot of power . in my experience , phones normally cope just fine with that . my theory is that the 2g signal normally contains some sort of flag that indicates whether there is also a 3g signal . the 2g repeater would incorrectly send this flag -- possibly because the tower it gets its signal from sends it too . thus your phone wastes energy trying to connect to a signal that only exists somewhere else . if you cannot ( or do not want to ) replace the repeater by a more sophisticated model , you should turn off 3g altogether while in your office . gsm phones have a setting in Wireless &amp; networks -> Mobile networks -> Network Mode that lets you switch between wdcma ( 3g ) and gsm ( 2g ) . i do not know what the setting looks like on a cdma phone . you can probably automate this with tasker if you do want to use 3g where it is possible . alternatively you could use a widget to change the setting manually without having to go to the settings menu . one app that provides a widget for this is widgetsoid .
the sdk needs to be run as admistrator to be able to write those files . just retry and run it with elevated rights .
the wl1271 wifi chip in the droid 2 does not support 5.0 ghz networks , so there is sadly no possibility of a workaround . its " better cousin " , the wl1273 chip , does support 5 ghz networks ; unfortunately , motorola went the cheap route . you can get more info on these chips at the texas instruments website .
where are you hearing this ? the nexus s can absolutely support video chat , it has a front-facing camera . whether a video chat app supports the nexus s is a different question . google talk is supposed to support video chat in honeycomb , hopefully it will be released for gingerbread and support the nexus s as well . the nexus s can not take hd video due to software restrictions , from everything i have read ( example ) . i think it just was not prioritized since the nexus s is a " developer phone " . ( if you meant to ask if it can play hd video the answer is yes , depending on the format and such ) .
after a lot of searching i found this nice little program which does exactly what i was asking for : easy graph from bh soft . nothing fancy but what is does it seems to do well . the developer should add more chart types , for sure , but at the moment it allows me to enter , save and chart different sets date + value pairs in a line chart .
lost . dir is just a storage space ( directory ) for files that were recovered upon boot . you can safetly remove it with no problems . the sysytem keeps it just in case you want to get your recovered currupted files back . a quick google search yielded : lost . dir - what is it ? as for preventing it from being created , just prevent the sd card from becoming corrupted . here are some things to keep in mind while using an sd card : always eject before removal never remove while files are being modified never remove from android device while device is on if you have your device connected to the computer , the sd card will usually automatically mount itself on the computer . remember to eject it before disconnecting the device . this thread has a ton of good info . basically the gist of it is , if you are following all of the precautions to keep the sd card from getting corrupted ( ejecting before removal , ect . . . ) then the sd card is partially incompatible with your device . if you move to a higher class sd card , the problem usually goes away on its own .
android apps are not binaries . they are . apk 's , similar to java . jar files , and . dex or . odex files when in bytecode form . they are run in the dalvik virtual machine , again very similar to a java vm . you can launch an app from a shell as follows : am start -a android.intent.action.MAIN -n &lt;package name&gt;/&lt;activity name&gt;  for example , angry birds : am start -a android.intent.action.MAIN -n com.rovio.angrybirds/com.rovio.ka3d.app  the name of the activity is found in the androidmanifest . xml file inside the . apk under //manifest/application/activity/@name . for google voice there are quite a few activities , and you may need to use other intents . i do not have sl4a . you can also disable apps temporarily with this : pm disable &lt;package name&gt;  and re-enable : pm enable &lt;package name&gt; 
update your phone to gingerbread and this problem will go away . i upgraded my galaxy s to 2.3.3 and have not ever since seen this problem , which still happened with 2.2.1 froyo .
this seems to have been fixed in version 3.3.11 and above of the market app .
i found a workaround . by clicking new call button , i am able to type new number and execute service codes .
as mythtv is upnp compatible , you can use any upnp client for android . a great app for this purpose is e.g. bubbleupnp , which not only serves as a client ( so you can access what mythtv provides ) , but also as a server , so you can use it even the other way around and integrate it as a " media provider " with your mythtv installation . this way you are also able to stream media contents from your android device to your other upnp capable home devices . bubbleupnp : where to output , what to play ( source : google play ; click image to enlarge )
" i got a rather meaningful suggestion on another forum that " android os " is actually the low-level kernel , while " android system " is actually the higher-level os service layer " source : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=10922010postcount=3
the filesystem support is device-specific , and in fact many devices using android 2.3 support ext3 in the kernel ( or ext4 , which can also mount ext3 and ext2 filesystems ) . usually the difference in filesystem support is due to different hardware . older devices often used raw nand flash chips and mtd drivers in linux , which did not support conventional filesystems such as ext4 ; only special filesystems such as yaffs or jffs2 could be used on such devices . in this case having ext3 or ext4 support in the kernel was not necessary , and it could be omitted to save some memory ; to get ext3/4 support on such device you will need to flash a custom kernel ( or , in some cases , an external module could be compiled instead of replacing the whole kernel ) . more recent devices usually use emmc storage , which provides a block device instead of raw flash ; such devices mostly use ext4 for their filesystems , and therefore should have support for mounting ext3 filesystems ( although actually using it to mount a custom filesystem , e.g. , on a separate sd card partition , will require root access ) .
the buttons are disabled so that users can grip the sides without causing and action . it would be difficult holding the device if the user is causing the device to go to the home screen .
i think you are better off using titanium backup if you want to ensure that when you restore your phone , you will have exactly what you had when you performed the backup . i find that android 's new built-in backup options are inconsistent . for example , after re-installing some apps , some of the settings are magically maintained , however some data ( usually authentication data ) is no longer there . i guess this is a good thing as storing everything in the cloud would be a bit scary , but when you use titanium , there are no surprises : all of the data is restored . another benefit of titanium is that you can do multiple backups at of a single app 's data and restore any of those levels--not so for the built-in backup options . so i would advise using titanium .
did you use the " refresh " option in the google play music app ? you can find it in the action bar menu . another possibility is a wrong file type . here is a list of supported file types : https://support.google.com/googleplay/answer/1100462?hl=en
if your phone is rooted i think that you can write your own keyboard layout . i am using my own layout ( on sgs i9000 ) for some chinese blouetooth keyboard that i bougth recently . layout files are in /system/usr/keylayout/ directory . layout file that is used by my keyboard is Broadcom_Bluetooth_HID.kl . i think that layout used by built-in keyboard will be qwerty.kl - you could modify it and check if it is working . remember to make backups of original files before changing it . . .
for now , afaik , every action associated with a mouse click can be accessed using a touch or a long-touch . combo using a key-press and a touch are not well supported ( if supported at all ) . long-touch over a link , gives you a popup with : open in new tap ; open in incognito mode ; copy link address ; save link as . for future reference , google chrome shortcuts link , from google support page ( the majority of the linux links are available for android . . . just waiting to have this page updated with the android shortcuts list ) : google chrome - keyboard and mouse shortcuts
tasker can do it , using the foursquare api and the http post task in the http post task , fill out the form as follows : server:port -> user:pass@api . foursquare . com path -> /v1/checkin data -> vid=362349 private=1 facebook=0 twitter=0 vid is the numeric id you can get from foursquare . com by looking up the venue . i have it set to not share auto checkins with others . you can also use a tasker variable for vid and define the vid from other events . . ie , i have my office assigned by ' cell near ' , same with the park where i walk my dogs . . i just call the named tasker task and it checks me in when i get to that location . i follow it up with a ' notify ' action to let me know it checked it , and what venueid ( this was mainly for testing . . ) you will want to use a phone number login for foursquare , not a emailaddress . . the @ sign in the email will confuse the http post function .
i just tried this on two phones , a samsung galaxy 551 and a samsung galaxy s . it does not work . the phones typically just shut off . however , one time the galaxy s did not shut off right away but i was not able to put the battery back in before it shut off . my google nexus s is made so that you can not even take the back cover off without unplugging it . i suspect that this is simply not a supported feature in most phones and that you are not likely to find that it works anywhere . not to mention the fact that power-loss may damage components or corrupt data . this is one reason why the phone monitors the battery life and shuts down if there is not enough battery power .
there are multiple approaches to this problem . the first an most effective is to switch from pop3 ( which i assume from your question you are using ) to imap , where mail is handled on the server instead of client-side -- so you can delete a message when you decide to delete it ( and not when client x is retrieving it , as handled by pop3 ) . second might be trying a different mail client ( again , i do not know what you are currently using ) . for android , i would recommend k-9 mail -- which is capable of handling pop3 as well as imap , and even exchange ( the latter via webdav ) .
if you are rooted , you can use an app like titanium backup to back up your apps ( and their data ) .
i borrowed a friend 's fitbit and tried to sync it with my nexus 10 . i enabled bluetooth . i then installed the fitbit app and logged in as him . there is no option anywhere to sync the device . i then logged out , and created a new account . on a compatible device , once the account is created , it prompts you to sync a fitbit device . this question is never asked on the nexus 10 . circumstantial additional evidence comes from the large number of unhappy reviews citing device compatibility on the fitbit app page . so it is confirmed that despite the probable existence of the necessary bluetooth hardware/software , at the time of writing fitbit devices cannot be synced with the nexus 10 .
disabling the proximity sensor seems to have worked : after some testing , i got no freezes at all .
this will not help people who are still waiting for their phone to be upgraded , but the stock ice cream sandwich ( android 4 ) launcher has something similar built in - it shows a cascaded view of the first three icons in the folder .
if you are using swype , slide your finger from the swype button ( bottom left ) to the sym key . this will display a set of navigation buttons - including a dpad that lets you move the text input .
this sounds more like inconsistent wifi settings . since your phone shows its connected , try to visit your router 's web interface through the phone to see if its connected properly . ( note that please use stock browser and no proxies for now ) if this does not work , most likely its the problem with wrong password or security mode like wep/wpa . if the above works , then i suspect you to have a dns problem . a rooted phone can let you custom-set the dns on your phone . try to set it to google 's dns . just to confirm if its a dns problem , try entering an ip address of a website rather than the domain name .
try afirewall despite the name , it is an sms/call blocking app .
unfortunately , no . the " dock " is part of the entire launcher and " home screens " . they are , all the " same application " . but there are widgets like most of the widgets that htc sense has . if you really do not like it that much , you should be able to find replacement widgets for the ones you like that work with other launchers like launcher pro , go launcher , or adw launcher , for example .
i do not know of any way to physically combine the two fields . however , the most recent update ( 11.1 ) added the following : one field does it all you can now type both web addresses and search queries in your browser 's address field . or , if you prefer , you can still use the search field with your favorite search engines . so if you start typing into the address bar , you will now be given the option to perform a search for whatever you entered . you just tap on the " search : [ text ] " item that appears under the address bar :
try this tutorial , http://theunlockr.com/2010/12/17/how-to-root-the-samsung-nexus-s/
it is either a mobile network data enabled switch or a 2g/3g switch , try it and check your data connection . edit : got confirmation , see comments .
as per advice from narayanan , i replaced /system/media/audio/ui/LowBattery.ogg with another .ogg file . the next time it was triggered , the new file played . i then tried placing an empty file at /system/media/audio/ui/LowBattery.ogg , but this did not work . finally , i downloaded a slient .ogg from here , placing it at /system/media/audio/ui/LowBattery.ogg . this worked perfectly .
i am not sure what device you are using , but z4root will allow you to root droid x ( as well as droid i believe ) . it should provide temporary and permanent root access . as always , you use this at your own risk .
it seems that asking this question has encouraged me actually make a proper effort to poke around the phone 's settings enough to find a workable solution , which is to enable Spell correction for the qwerty keyboard word suggestions / predictions . the option is enabled in the location : settings language and keyboard touch input text input QWERTY section spell correction now , typing i , t , s mid sentence will produce the suggested words its , Its , it's , which is pretty much acceptable for me . it's might be third , but it is listed and that is what counts ! i do not know if this is a common problem or if the default setting for Spell correction is on or off , so i do not know what the cause of the problem was , but at least it is sort of fixed .
i would say that this would be somewhat of a " driver " issue . it seems that your home cinema system does not know what your device is and it cannot connect to it . i would try seeing if there is a firmware update for the system ( if it supports firmware updates ) . it recognizes the blackberry because they have been around for so long , and they probably use the same driver to communicate with just about any blackberry .
this actually can happen with any rom you install . if you are not installing a " new " version of the same rom , you can get in to a boot loop . you have to do a factory reset and clear the data and cache when installing a new rom for the first time . if you are installing an upgraded version of the rom , you do not have to do the wipe ( unless the instructions tell you that you should ) . but you should always clear the cache . when the device boots up for the first time , after clearing the cache , it needs to rebuild the cache for the applications you have installed . the more applications that you have installed , the longer it will take to boot the first time . keep an eye on the " boot up " , if it looks like it is " starting over " and not just replaying the boot animation , you are in a boot loop . if you have adb installed , you can plug the device in and look at the logcat that is going on during the boot process . this can also help you determine if you are in a loop or not .
it sounds like agent fits the bill for you . specifically , the sleep agent . i do use the agent app , though i do not use the sleep agent itself , so this list of features is just me going through the setup options in the app . set days and times for it to activate . ( defaults to 11:00 pm through 7:00 the next morning , sunday through thursday nights . ) selectable whether it does ' silence ' or ' vibrate ' . has a whitelist of callers that are allowed to get through . ( and selectable whether unknown callers get through or not . ) can wait until plugged in before starting . can auto-respond with a text saying " i am sleeping , text ' urgent ' to wake me up . " right off your request list , it can allow repeated calls to get through . ( i use agent mostly for the meeting agent : it links to the google calendar on my work account , and auto-silences the phone for the duration of the meeting . )
the proximity sensor on most smart-phones with touchscreen exists to disable accidental touch events . the most common scenario is the ear coming in contact with the screen and generating touch events , while on a call .
there are at least two different solutions available for it : lbe privacy guard ( careful when you are already running jellybean : do not use the playstore version then , but rather check with xda-developers , as the playstore version causes boot-loops with jellybean and the dev did not even place a note for it ) , and pdroid privacy protection / pdroid manager . the latter is more difficult to install , but often preferred : being implemented at os level , it offers more security .
solved : it appears these contacts were in the " other contacts " on gmail.com. i am not entirely sure how they got there or why there is no such group in the people app where i can see or edit them , but at least i can delete them now !
i just want to start this answer off by saying that if you are not an expert computer user , this is probably not for you . you will need to know how to setup and edit partition tables , along with knowing how to resize , delete and add partitions . i of course accept no responsibility for any damage you cause to any device from reading this tutorial . in theory here is what you need to do : repartition your device 's sd card so that you can make room for all the the operating systems you want to run get a new boot loader that supports dual ( or multi ) booting flash the partition with a build that is compatible with your phone specifically for your device ( the galaxy note 10.1 ) , here is a great link on dual booting : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=2258867 the tutorial is on an ubuntu machine , if you do not have ubuntu it is pretty easy to install from their website : http://www.ubuntu.com you probably do not even need to install ubuntu to do this tutorial , i think you would be fine just running off of the live cd . i am a little biased because i love ubuntu , but i would recommend installing it when you have free time . it really is a life saver and it runs on top of a linux kernel so you get all of the benefits of linux when you use ubuntu . very important before you start the tutorial 1 ) backup your device every time before you make a change to the os or to the boot loader . it is extremely easy to brick your device if you do not know what you are doing . if you brick your device and you have no backups to go from , then you are out of luck my friend . 2 ) you need to have a cwm ( clockwork mod ) installed on your device before you start the tutorial along with nandroid backup . see extra stuff below for install information . 3 ) i cannot stress this more : make sure that you are installing a mod that fits perfectly with you device ! ! you will potentially render your device unusable if you do not check your roms thoroughly . 4 ) this is not so important but will save you a lot of time in the future . go get a bigger sd card , no 1gb or 2gb is not enough and 4gb is pushing it . go out and buy a 16gb sd card , they are not that expensive and if you are going to be doing multiple booting , then you will want the extra space . it will be a huge pain to transfer all of your files onto a bigger sd card because you decided you wanted to triple boot android , arch linux and ubuntu all on one device . this is the voice of experience unfortunately . hopefully the tutorial works out well for you . when you get comfortable with installing os partitions , then you can start trying out different flavors of linux . my favorite is ubuntu , followed closely behind by arch linux ( arm ) ( which is great for server applications ) . extra stuff installing cwm and nandroid backup on galaxy note 10.1 here is a video tutorial for installing the cwm on the galaxy note 10.1 if you need to do that . again make sure you get the right rom for your device . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=niyixzcw7xs if youtube is more your thing , then here is a pretty good video on doing the same thing in the other tutorial . this youtube video requires you to already have cwm installed on your device . galaxy note : how to dual boot 5 different roms for those of you who do not have the galaxy note , here is something else i found that might be useful ( or at least a starting point ) : http://lifehacker.com/5826050/how-to-dual-boot-multiple-roms-on-your-android-phone please feel free to edit if you have something to add ( tutorials for specific devices etc . ) also , if you need more info , just comment and i will help you out .
finally the market updated itself after force-stopping it , clearing its data and cache , starting the app again , and then exiting it and leaving the phone alone for an hour or two .
xda is a good resource but not a good starting point . the aosp is also . but the best idea is always to look how others are creating customs roms . for example the cm development for the kindle fire : a good starting point is jackpoint calvin 's post about how to create a cm update . zip for the fire from source . it gives a good overview about how the kernel , asop , hardware modification and cm play together . and how these are handled with android 's repo script . forums are a good information resource , but it is hard to find useful information fast . irc channels are the first place to get involved . join a few rooms to get into contact with developers . maybe you find a beginners task on which you can start working . also you need knowledge about android/linux kernels , hw drivers , C and some java .
you should use zipalign -f -v 4 my.apk output.apk  do remember that if you zipalign before you sign , the signing will undo the alignment .
figured it out . i installed xposed framework , got xposed additions from play store , and changed it .
the files you downloaded from that site are for a samsung galaxy y . your phone is a samsung galaxy ace duos . you need to find a rom suitable for your phone . you are lucky that installing that rom did not brick the phone completely . you can not undo an update : to get back to what you had before , find a stock rom image for your phone ( probably from http://sammobile.com for a samsung phone ) and install it following the provided instructions . alternatively , if you still want android 4.1 , look for an unofficial 4.1 rom for your phone and install it in the same way . see also : where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ?
found this thread on the vibrant section of the xda devs forum : not enough space in music database ? ( pretty sure the vibrant is a us carrier-specific version of the galaxy , with this weird obsession us networks seem to have for making up alternative names for devices ) . maybe it has something to do with how the app handles various artists and/or unknown artists . i added all my music , then deleted tracks from various artist albums until it worked again . i then put back the various artist album track and it did not work , as expected . i thought this was artist based , but when i got it working again--by deleting the track mentioned above--and then added a track for a various artist album by an artist that already existed , the app crashed too . i then thought it might be song based . so i removed that song and then added a set of songs . however , it unexpectantly worked . the difference with the set of songs added above is that they were not part of a various artist album . they were a new artist , but the main album artist was not various with a contributing artist of the actual artist name . instead , the album artist was the artist name and the contributing artist was left blank ( or had the same name ) . so , it is that the music app does not understand how to handle various artist albums ? plugged sd card into my pc , did a search for files named * . mp3 with " various " in the artist tag , moved all of them off the card . plugged card back into galaxy again , waiting for media indexing to finish , i can now view the artists column without the app crashing . still can not search in the app without crashing , but i have a few more compilation type albums so will try spotting and removing all of them to see if it helps . update nov 2010 : the music player included in the official samsung froyo ( android 2.2 ) update , seems to have fixed this problem , or at least made it so that i can have the majority of my tracks on the phone without this problem showing up .
the red cable pictured is a usb-otg cable too . it is no different to having the adaptor-style cable with a normal usb-a to micro-usb cable attached . so if your amp will work with one , it will work with the other too . just be extra careful when using a symmetric-looking usb-otg cable . usb-otg works by having the pins wired differently in the " host " and " peripheral " ends of the cable , so you need to be careful to plug the " host " end into the phone . different cables have different ways of identifying which is which , so be careful to check the instructions that come with the cable . of course , your amp might not work for other reasons . if it lacks an external power supply , then it needs the host device to supply enough power for it . most smartphones can not supply a lot of power via usb-otg , so in that case you had need to use it with a powered usb hub . the other reason it might not work is if it uses the usb audio profile . most android devices lack driver support for usb audio ; there are other questions about that on the site .
backup apps using astro file manager . alternatively , you can use a little app dedicated for this task : app backup and restore .
as of this moment , it is a known fact ( not necessarily an issue ) that the xposed framework does not work with art . so , you either : stay with dalvik runtime , and get the advantage of using xposed ; or uninstall xposed framework , and get the advantage of using art after installing xposed , the runtime gets reset from art to dalvik . can you stop it please ? you can be glad that i implemented this , otherwise you would be in a bootloop know . xposed is not compatible with art ( yet ) . it is a completely different architecture with pretty much no documentation . rewriting xposed for the art runtime requires understanding the concept , the code structure and many details to know how it works . i have already spent dozens of hours on that and some things are working . but still it is a long way ahead . do not expect even a test version in the near future . so please do not ask when it will be available - you will surely know when it is ready . i have nothing else to say about that .
if you root the phone , go into Manage Apps and you can disable the dialer , it will remove it from the home page . contacts can also be disabled . there are also numerous ways to put the phone in airplane mode so it is persistent after restart . click image for larger version note : disabling dialer does not disable the emergency dialer , but airplane mode does .
i know you can freeze and thaw an app using titanium backup pro , which i have . but that would require manually going in to tibu and doing the freeze/thaw commands each time . you are wrong about that part . try this : look for a free place on your homescreen long-press there select to add a widget scroll to titanium backup select the item to ( un ) freeze an app select the app this gives you a toggle-widget to freeze/unfreeze the selected app .
the feature is not present in android 4.0.4: it was added in 4.1 .
in your google calendar on the web you can set a default notification period for the events you subsequently set up on the web calendar . in the calendar app provided with gingerbread i do not see any similar default setting but you can set a notification for each event you set up . fyi google has numerous problems with alarms in gingerbread . one is that if you subsequently change an alarm that was set up in the web calendar using the web calendar that change may not sync to the phone . another is that eventually notifications will start coming late and there is no known fix ( in spite of google presumably knowing about it for almost a year although they have only apparently actually acknowledged knowing about it for about six months ) .
as your device supports an external microsd card : take that card , put it into a card-reader ( if you do not have one : now 's the time to buy it ; they come for less than 10 bucks ) , attach the reader to your pc . now , copy the file to the root of the card , safely unmount , then put the card back into your phone . you should be able to flash it then . for what possibly happened : you might have placed the file in the root of the internal sdcard . recovery is looking on the external card .
multitouch touch screen digitizers handle ( 2,3,4 . . . ) or more input fingers at a time at the hardware level . single touch devices handle only one finger at a time even if 2 or more are present . if you touch with a 2nd finger , the detected touch will " jump " from the first finger to the second finger location . install a touch screen visualizer or test application like z device test . you can watch a video how it looks with one finger on youtube ( which has fake dual touch and has some flaws ) . so what a fake dual touch driver does is this : it basically detects " jumps " of the finger and assumes it comes from a second and just keeps reporting a fixed virtual event ( coming from the last known position from the ( now vanished ) 1st finger touch ) while the 2nd touch is from your actual finger and reported regularly .
yes , the hspa+ galaxy nexus phone from google play store is the i9250 model . that clip should fit it just fine .
i have tried to do this in my own car - here 's my experience with it . from a " hearing the person " perspective , the headphone jack into the car 's speaker system works great . what is even better is that the person does not ( generally ) hear themselves talking either ( no echo or feedback ) . this is using an original moto droid , so your mileage may vary . the problem that i have with this kind of setup is having the person hear me . i still , generally , have to hold the phone up to my mouth for the person on the other side to understand what i am saying . i have found it helps a little bit to enable speaker phone , but then the person sometimes gets the echo feedback . it is really a no-win situation . most likely , you will have to get an aftermarket blue tooth headset .
i have since found this link that lists 12 currencies supported by the market . they are : canadian dollar swiss franc danish krone euro british pound hong kong dollar japanese yen norwegian krone new zealand dollar swedish krone singapore dollar us dollar no mention of the australian dollar . presumably an oversight ?
adb shell echo $EXTERNAL_STORAGE . all credit goes to flow for leading me to experiment and find this . naturally you can use cd $EXTERNAL_STORAGE or whatever else you might need during an adb shell session .
you can flash supersu from recovery ( cwm or twrp ) to reinstall the su binaries again . you should then either have supersu already installed , or you can install another su app . then install apphider again , grant it root , and then unhide supersu if it is not already showing . i ran into something similar yesterday while applying the ota to a rooted nexus 5 , and this fixed it .
i have found the solution ! ! ! it is an old bug that some people are trailing since android 1.6 , and wich is always not actualy corrected ! the solution : you must have only one apn set in your mobile network configuration .
as it turned out , my " raw guess " was a direct hit -- so to make it easier to find for future " searchers " , i make it an answer as promised : this problem is mostly caused by the fact that something got messed up with the apps ' cache and/or data . so what you should try first is : go to settings &rarr ; apps &rarr ; manage apps select your launcher hit the button labeled " clear cache " if that does not solve the issue , take the same steps -- but in the last step hit the " clear data " button ( note : this will reset the launcher configuration as if you just removed the app and did a fresh re-install ) . if you still had no luck , you could simply uninstall and re-install the launcher ( as long as it is not a system app ) . this will do all the above , but additionally remove ( and on re-install re-create ) the apps dalvik cache . count it as " partial factory reset " . having mentioned the dangerous word : a factory-reset can serve as a " last resort " ( as it cleans the entire device ) -- but you would lose all your data that way , and needed to re-configure everything anew . in case you have to do that ( i do not think it is necessary for your case here ) , take care to have a backup of as much of your data as possible .
this suggestion assumes familiarity with connecting to the phone via adb i had a similar situation on my previous phone . i was able to pull the important stuff over adb when the phone was in recovery . in my case i had to mount some of the filesystems to access everything i wanted to retrieve . i am not sure if it is dependent on the phone whether the adb service is available in recovery . on mine it was available in both recovery and download mode . if adb on your computer recognizes and can connect to your phone you should be able to retrieve and save any files you need . if you are not familiar with adb this is a good place to start : http://www.xda-developers.com/android/all-in-one-guide-to-adb/ if you need any help with it let me know , adb is a whole other topic so keeping it simple here .
as the answer to are google books drm protected ? explains , acsm files are drm-protected , so you can only read them in the play books app itself , not in another ebook app . once you have " pinned " the book and it has downloaded , you can read it offline in the play books app .
at the suggestion of a forum member elsewhere , i called tmobile and asked them about their new " uncarrier " plan . it is a non-contract , postpaid plan with the exact same pricing and services as my current tmo prepaid plan , but i regain the ability to forward voicemails among other things . you have to submit to a credit check for a possible deposit ( max is only one month 's plan ie $50 ) . so going to the " uncarrier " plan was the solution for me . hope this helps .
it sounds like the database is corrupted . i would go to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications and clear the data for gmail and gmail storage . if that does not work , try clearing the data for everything google ( talk , google framework services , etc . ) .
so i only tried to replicate the issue for a few minutes but even when i got the recorder to stop recording ( opening the camera app forced the recorder to stop ) it saved the recording . i am not sure if you already looked on the sd card but if you have not try using es file explorer ( or other file explorer ) and go to " sdcard/my documents/my recordings " . . . thats where i found my recordings . maybe its still there .
it depends which frame was impacted . if it was the " thicker one " this one is easily replaceable ( though you have to remove pretty much everything - there are videos on youtube ) . of course if you have a warranty sticker on one of the screws warranty goes bye , bye if you remove it . if it is the " thinner " to the front the only way to fix this is to replace the whole assembly - screen included which costs big ( about 250 usd import ) . that is because the amoled is glued to that frame - you had have to unglue the glass , and unglue the screen which is impossible without breaking it . ( source )
finally i found the solution : when in car mode ( automatically toggled using llama when my car connects via bluetooth ) , i use car dock home v3 as home replacement . inside it is preferences in the " car mode system settings " there is an option called " samsung usb mount au . . . " ( can not read the complete entry ) . i had already forgotten that i checked this option since i wanted to know what it does . now i know that it mutes a2dp ; ) no idea what it should do but fortunately now i have sound again .
the following works for me on an htc incredible . hopefully your settings are similar . settings > language and keyboard > touch input > text input > prediction . you should be able to un-check prediction .
the lame encoder is useful for converting such files . pc applications can be found here : http://lame.sourceforge.net/links.html you can try another recorder , like hi-q mp3 recorder . this will record it immediately in mp3 format . you can use an online converter to do the job . try for example http://www.mediaconverter.org
here is a possible solution . my son had recently unwittingly installed appcaster on our home pc , and this was causing the apps to be pushed to my phone . i uninstalled it from the programs and features under control panel , where appcaster goes by the name " mobile app sync " .
indeed the internal filesystem somehow got damaged . to fix this you need access to the filesystem itself , which can be done using adb . ( android debugging bridge ) instructions for connecting to the archos tablets using adb can be found here : http://www.archos.com/support/support_tech/updates_adb.html?country=erlang=en although the description is complete this still sometimes can be hard . you might have to restart your computer a few times , but eventually it is possible . open a command window in the directory containing the adb . exe program ( it is in the ' platform-tools ' directory under the androis-sdk-windows folder ) type : adb shell if the connection is ok , it will start a server and after e few seconds show the ' $ ' prompt . this means you are connected to the tablet and have direct access to the linux shell . if you type ' ls ' you will see a list of folders that contain the operating system and all supporting files that make your tablet work . now navigate to the folder containing the flash file system by typing : cd . /dev/block/vold if you now type ' ls ' again you should see three or four folders that have numbered names . one of them is '31:8' . this is the folder that points to the internal flash . now we can fix our problem by recreating the ms-dos ( fat32 ) file system on this partition . type the following : mkdosfs -f 32 /dev/block/vold/31:8/ this will fix the fat32 filesystem . now leave the shell by typing ' exit ' , disconnect the usb and restart your tablet . on my system this made internal storage re-appear , and after that it also mounted the sd-card . problem solved . many thanks to this post on slatedroid that contained the answer .
this is not a direct solution , but a workaround . you could forward the message ( but not send it ) ; this is a feature the stock messaging app supports . when you forward a message , it puts that message into edit mode , as if you were sending a new message . from here , you can select the text that you want to copy .
the progress bar being stuck for a while is not unusual as progress bars are fairly difficult to get right . an update taking more than half an hour , on the other hand , does not sound right to me . of course your phone could simply be slower at this task than mine .
rom manager does not do anything particularly special to install a custom rom . it essentially makes a call to the recovery binary that allows it to save instructions for your recovery partition to run the next time it boots , thereby automating the process of flashing whatever zip file you choose . you could do the exact same thing manually . therefore , if your device needs to be s-off to flash a custom rom from recovery , it will also need to be s-off in order for rom manager to flash a rom . it will not work on an s-on device since it will not be able to write to the nand , and you will not even be able to get a custom recovery to stick in the first place , most likely , which it will ultimately need to flash the rom .
try colornote , the size in the current version , according to google play is 716kb , it recently got online sync although i do not think there is web editing yet though .
you are missing the ratings of users who did not leave comments . a large , significant number of users do not leave comments , but they do rate apps . this is what a developer will see in their dashboard , a breakdown of all ratings of their app : so i have an average rating of about 4.57 out of 331 ratings . however , in the dashboard i only have 6 pages of comments , and each page has up to 20 comments . so i have no more than 120 comments on my app . so you had only be seeing 1/3 of the ratings for my app in particular .
could be a bug in the app , but i rarely use the calendar widget . it is also possible that this has been casued by the time change , or that you are in the afternoon . however , you could try erasing all data on the app , and clearing it is cache , then trying again .
i have obtained an answer from mozilla support , so i post it here for the community . the feature seems to have been removed . however , any hack is welcome :- ) support said : using nightly you can find pre-installed search engines in ' settings '  ' customize '  ' search settings ' . i do not think there are plans to re-introduce disabling default search engines anymore . there are no plans to introduce removing pre-bundled search engines .
in the syncronisation screen you have to turn synchronisation on global . only if that is on you have checkboxes next to each category inside the google account . you can uncheck the box at contacts then . if the global sync is off you do not have this option . i think it is a bit dangerous the first time you enter that menu , because you have to be sure your internet connection is disconnected . otherwise the first time , when all sync boxes are still on it will start right away to sync everything before you have the chance to disable the sync-box for contacts . if you are offline you can setup everything like you wish and then it is fine .
after many failed tries to reactivate the htc facebook , i have decided to reset to factory defaults . this fixed the issue . now facebook for htc is working fine .
taking google 's music app as an example ( i would wager most others are implemented similarly ) , there are two distinct parts that constitute the app : the foreground processes and tasks that the user interacts with the background service that actually handles music playback point 2 can be verified in this android developer 's blog post wherein it is stated : music playback runs in a service to allow it to continue operating after the user leaves the music application . this distinction ends up being important when you remove an app from the recent tasks list . as covered in my answer to another question , the following is what happens when you swipe an app out of the list , as stated by android engineer dianne hackborn : actually , removing an entry in recent tasks will kill any background processes that exist for the process . it will not directly causes services to stop , however there is an api for them to find out the task was removed to decide if they want this to mean they should stop . this is so that removing say the recent task of an e-mail app will not cause it to stop checking for e-mail . in this case , that means that the foreground tasks of the music app are being stopped , but the background service ( evidently ) chooses to continue running . this is a product of the way the app is implemented , so you simply will not be able to stop music playback by swiping the app out of the list . instead , you can try the following from the recent apps list ( also covered in the above linked answer ) : if you really want to completely stop an app , you can long press on recent tasks to go to app info , and hit force stop there .
this has been reported as a bug in the android source but no particular action seems to have been taken . you can follow and star the issue on the android bug tracker . alternatively , one comment on the bug tracker notes some potential workarounds you an take a look at : just an additional comment for all those still waiting for this bug to be fixed : current version of handcent saves the " sent time " of the messages . it can be seen on " message details " . it is not the perfect solution but it is the best solution that we have right now . " sms timestamper fix " from andrperk worked for me most of the times but not always . additionally , some commenters have reported that certain handsets do not suffer from this bug , presumably because the manufacturer patched it themselves in their messaging application or sms framework .
seems like what you need is to set the " wifi sleep policy " to never . . . you can find that in the advanced wi-fi menu . then you could let your screen shut down and still be able to talk with no interference with skype .
can the app record my internet browsing and send it to an outside source ? it may depend on which browser you are using . the stock browser should save it is browsing history within its private storage . if there is no root exploit , an external app should be unable to access the browsing history . can the app upload to an outside source photos that i have taken ? if the app requests and gets granted the write external storage permission , it would be able to access your photos . then it would only need the internet permission , to upload these photos so some site . can the app look at data from other apps and use it ? usually not . but again , if there is a root exploit available for your firmware version , it could use it to access every piece of data on your android device . are there particular app permissions which are rare requirements that might indicate a malicious app ? well , it depends on what the app should do and what permissions are requested . most apps that could also run offline , request the internet permission for ads . contact the app developer if you are not sure why the app needs/requests a particular permission . i would be careful with permissions that could also cost you money : send sms and call phone . i have heard that some strange social network app requests now send sms for some reason . also the read phone state and identity is pretty common , because it is needed for backwards compatibility with older android versions . but it allows the app to read for example your imei , which is unique to your device .
battery indicator pro or a similar alternative might help . in addition to showing the remaining battery in numbers , it also tries to " guesstimate " the remaining minutes , depending on light/medium/heavy usage .
if your talking within your app , this is impossible as you cannot override the home button even if it is soft or hard button . so a full lock is always impossible . this is to stop rogue app 's taking full control of the phone .
you can buy them from the website without downloading them . any apps purchased through amazon . com simply get added to your account . i think that is the best you can really do .
the exceptions coming from zip ( in the log extract ) indicate that the package is corrupt . this error could have been introduced by the download , or when the package file was generated . you could check for download errors by verifying the apk file 's sha-1 or md5 checksum against a checksum provided by the download site . obviously each site will have a different way of telling you the checksum . also , the method of verifying it is different depending on what os your pc runs : on linux it is as simple as running <code> md5sum file </code> or <code> sha1sum file </code> . note that this will not always be the case from the " application not installed " error message . as others have indicated , that message usually results from trying to install a package that already exists on the system , unless the new package has a newer version number and is signed by the same key .
for what adb backup does , you might wish to see our backup tag-wiki . basically , depending on the command line switches used , it backs up apps ( .apk ) and their data . as for the second part of your question , you might wish to see is there a way to look inside and modify an adb backup created file ? yes , it is possible extracting parts of it , and yes , titanium backup is one of the apps capable of this . other ways are described in the linked question . also worth a look : how do you extract an app 's data from a full backup made through adb backup ? partial adb restore backup and restore android settings and application through adb
as you have got your device with a contract , this added a special barrier to updates . short explanation how that goes : google ( or rather the aosp , android open source project ) releases a new android version . this is usually immediately available to nexus devices -- but . . . device manufacturers need to adapt it to their hardware ( drivers etc . ) and , in many cases , their special " skinning " ( htc sense , samsung tourchwiz , motorola blur , etc ) , which again at least delays availability of this update carriers using their special branding ( boot logo , special apps , and more ) so if there is a new android version released by the aosp does not necessarily mean it becomes available for all android devices . it might get stuck already in step 2 if a manufacturer decides to no longer support a device ( in your case that happened after the 2.3 release , so 2.3 is the latest " official version " available to the device ) -- and even if it passes this step , but you have got a branded device , it might get stuck in step 3 ( which most likely is what happened to you ) . the only way out if got stuck in steps 2 or 3 is checking for custom roms . as that " getting stuck " also affects developers , they often decide to build their own roms . many times this is done by porting a rom from compatible devices , adjusting the missing stuff ( or leaving some gaps , so there might be things not fully working , which then is pointed out in the instructions ) . so if you want to go the " do-it-yourself " way ( after having t-mobile unlocking the device , if needed ) , check how do i root my samsung galaxy s ? for how to root your sgs , and where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ? for fitting roms . the " how-to-flash " usually is described on the page you can download the rom from .
as the factory-reset already correctly suggests , the description makes quite clear that such happened . a factory-reset " deletes " everything from your internal-storage -- that is , all the apps you have installed , all data , caches , etc . so nothing is left but what you have moved to sdcard/external storage . while there are possibilities to even recover deleted data ( usually via a nandroid backup or any other 1:1 copy of the entire file system and doing file carving ) , this is nothing easy and you must start the copy as soon as possible , before you do any other initialization ( which you already did ) . with every data change , chances to recover something get smaller . we have some questions/answers behind the data-recovery tag explaining this in more detail , see e.g. how can i recover a deleted file on android ? recover deleted content from userdata partition ? btw : with all other data on internal-storage , also the logs are gone for good -- which is a pity , as it would be very interesting to know what triggered an automatic factory-reset . the only thing coming to my mind is a remote-wipe , which might have been triggered either via your company ( if you are accessing their exchange server via active-sync , and thus accepted the corresponding device-administrator ) -- or the previous owner ( if any ) having set up some anti-theft app , and now pulled the trigger on you . . .
wikipedia mentions that this feature exists , but i can not seem to find it in either chrome nor in chrome beta .
yes , you can install all the apps you buy from the amazon appstore on any device which is linked to that amazon account . it operates just like paid apps in the android market which are available to all the devices associated with that particular google account . i have 3 android devices and all they are all linked to the same amazon account and the same google account and when i purchase an app through the market or the appstore i have it on all three devices .
as geff described , you cannot avoid a wipe/factory-reset . but you can do a proper backup beforehand , so you can restore most of your data afterwards . this should work without any trouble for the apps you have installed yourself ( "user apps" ) , while special care must be taken for pre-installed apps ( "system apps" ) : as data structures ( inside their databases ) might have changed , a simple restore ( replacing the databases ) might break things and even render those apps unusable . provided your device is rooted , titanium backup is a good choice . backup all " user apps " and their data , plus the " system apps " and their data . special care on restore : " user apps " can be restored 1:1 . before goint to the " system apps " , make sure to turn on tb 's " migration " mode . then restore only data , and do so one-by-one , after each " data set " verifying there are no side-effects . an alternative to be named is helium backup , which even works on non-rooted devices . safest is to stick to your " user apps " , and let contacts etc . solve via sync . for several things like sms , there are special backup/restore solutions which you could use .
here are the locations you can try to back up : however , if you are trying to install ics a complete wipe is most definitely required . generally , re-partitioning the internal memory should wipe its contents . i would try manually re-flashing recovery , wiping the device completely ( system , data , cache , and dalvik cache ) and re-flashing the rom . if you do manage to salvage any app data , i would highly recommend not restoring it on the new rom , as that can lead to problems , especially if you are backing up to fat/ntfs drive ( linux file permissions are lost . )
for using custom ringtones , i suggest rings extended app along with any file manager to browse the contents of your sd card . this will allow you to pick any supported sound file to be used as a ringtone in any app . in google+ app , go to menu -> settings . under " ringtone " you can select the wav file ( pick " rings extended " when prompted , and navigate to wherever you saved the file ) , and " notification settings " will give you finer control of which actions will trigger the notifications . i do not use facebook , but i imagine the app has similar controls in its settings .
the only reason you need to root phones in the first place is that the manufacturer has tried to prevent software choice on the phone platform . the pc design is pretty unique in that it has had a choice of software platform for so long that it is an ingrained feature , although with secure boot on windows 8 devices this is likely on the way out .
you can do it according to this post on xda : make a file called 99applock . txt insert code below and put you messaging service in where it says ppid ( that usually can be found in data/data if your using aftermakrket sms app ) remove the . txt extension and put file in ect/init . d and just give it 777 permissions , it works for me .  #!/system/bin/sh sleep 60 PPID=$(pidof com.your.app) echo "-17" &gt; /proc/$PPID/oom_adj renice -18 $PPID 
mhl compatibility on a tv only means that it will supply sufficient power ( 500ma , 900ma , or 2000ma , depending on which version of the mhl spec it is compatible with ) through the hdmi port to power the adapter and charge the phone . an mhl adapter will work just fine with a non-mhl tv . you just need to supply your own power from a regular charger . this is what the female microusb port on the mhl-to-hdmi adapters is for . you plug the charger into that , plug the hdmi cable into the tv , and mhl cable into the phone and you are off to the races . not all phones support mhl however , the nexus 4 in the question supports slimport instead .
questions for you : did you install an app recently ? what app did you last install ? how long was that going on for ? have you checked with your sprint provider ? you are not getting charged for those incoming messages ? it sounds like mal-ware , but do not wish to raise alarm nor fear in you , but by answering my questions above to ascertain it . quite possibly , it sounds like a scam , if you were to reply innocently like " who are you ? " you could be charged premium rates for sending it . as for the gibberish , its likely in a language that is not recognized by your handset hence the font shows the " gibberish " character as a result . if all else fails , try a factory reset the handset at last resort . edit : based on your edit , it sounds like its stopped for a good while due to perhaps its hit the threshold limit of how many sms to be stored , then when you went to delete them , more kept coming in . the apps do seem legit . . btw : ) would you not suggest try this , download this app called ' history eraser ' from google play , to wipe out the history of the sms , just that specifically alone , and nothing else . see if that helps . if more are still coming in , then i hate saying this , factory reset the handset to clear out whatever it is that is causing the jam .
this was solved by going into /data/data/ and finding the appropriate folder belonging to the failing app . i found one with " swiftkey " in the name , deleted it , and following that the update worked just fine . most likely , the app installation was failing in the background with INSTALL_FAILED_UID_CHANGED due to the app being restored with titaniumbackup , as detailed in this answer . so , in short , this seems to be an error caused by the uid changing between installs and google play throwing a fit , and it is solved by making sure app data is removed .
disclaimer : i do not own a nexus . so the answer does come from internet sources ( xda ) . as per this thread these are some of the responses from the owners which indicates that the portable wi-fi hotspot settings is indeed present in the settings . the option for hotspot tether is there both before and after the system update . nexus 7 fhd lte with t-mobile sim has tethering and hotspot available but not with newly activated at and t data plan sim . the tethering feature disappeared in setting . when i re-insert t-mobile sim that comes with the tablet , the mobile hotspot is available again in the settings . so , it is safe to assume , only if your carrier allows tethering or you have a tethering plan the option will appear in the settings menu .
outside of email and the browser , you can only copy text from editable text fields , so you can not directly copy text from other people 's tweets in the twitter app . workaround : install copy to clipboard from the market . this integrates with the ' share ' menu . by sharing a tweet to this app it will copy the text to you clipboard .
there is a flag that people can set on their youtube videos to allow or disallow those videos to be played on a mobile device . what you are seeing when you try to access those videos is that the person has set the flag to ' disallow ' .
you may have a bad sd card , try a new one ( they are cheap anyway ) . the md5 sums are generally computed after the backup has been done ( assuming everything went fine ) . i.e. the process up to cwm 5 . x is ( cwm 6 . x is different due to dedupcication ) : cwm generates a backup and stores it then md5sums of all of the above files are computed the md5sums are also stored in a single file the hard work is all done in ( 1 ) , steps 2/3 are just a single md5sum computation per file and a final store of those in another file . if the md5sums mismatch the backup files there must be a problem with your storage eventually ( most probably ) . what is also possible : do not rip out the battery and reboot , use cwm 's reboot option ( files may have not been written do disk fully yet ) .
bearing in mind i am using cyanogenmod6 + google apps your mileage may vary - but i can access my my maps as follows : open google maps ( the application , not the full site ) click menu select layers select more layers select my maps and your maps should be displayed job done [ edit ] looks like i would installed the wrong google apps package when i flash my rom last night , ( tiny instead of medium ) , and the updated version has the layers button up next to the search bar - so i do not need to open the menu ( step 2 ) anymore .
the most obvious explanation is that the file is incomplete : there is only a small fraction of the file there , or only the first section of the file is readable . given that the symptoms you report in your other question point to sd card failure , that seems the most likely cause for this too . if this is a different sd card , it could be that the card itself is not at fault : rather , whatever you are using to copy files to the card could be corrupting the filesystem , or a dodgy usb connection to a card reader could be interrupting file transfers .
i think the conventional wisdom is that honeycomb is a fork for tablets only but this post suggests otherwise . it says that in an interview with engadget , matias duarte claimed that honeycomb would be for all form factors .
make sure you are using the latest samsung drivers . uninstall all previous samsung drivers , and try to use a lower windows version like w7 . w8.1 is still full of weirdness , especially when mixing 32bit and 64bit software .
android as a platform does not have any equivalent to gamecenter currently . some android games use openfeint for leaderboards and achievements , but it is not an official standard of any kind and it is not implemented in the angry birds games specifically . other games choose to implement their own leaderboard systems ( pewpew does this , for example ) .
there are a number of factors that determine if a video will play on android : it has to be the correct codec - see this list it has to either be small enough to download entirely before playing or be encoded in a form that allows streaming . chances are the problem you are seeing is that the codec the videos are encoded in is not supported , so yes , re-encoding with ffmpeg or mencoder or something similar into one of the supported video codecs may well work . to enable streaming , if you first encode it as an mp4 file then pass it through something like mp4box it will tag it for streaming so yuo can play longer video clips on android .
the fastest way i have found is to actually swipe from the " m/ ? " or " z/ ! " keys directly to the space bar . that'll insert a punctuation mark and then a space . in the same fashion , you can insert a period or a comma . the other similar shortcut i use creates an " 's " by swiping from the apostrophe to the " s " . some similar suggestions can be found in swype 's online reference , specifically in the " swype gestures " section of http://www.swype.com/tips/advanced-tips/.
have a look at the following issue with the apps that are installed on sd card after reinserting the sd card i was one of the hard user of link2sd application . what i observed from this app is that you should not remove your sd card once you have applications on your sd card . while phone booting some of the applications gets initialized . if the phone system does not find the sd card and its applications then it is going to break the link between the sd card applications and the system . you might be seeing those applications on Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage Applications but they will not be accessible . to answer your question there might be a way but not known to all . you can mail the developer of link2sd mentioning the issue . they might give you a solution .
starting with android 3.0 ( honeycomb ) , google introduced hardware accelerated 2d rendering pipeline . for now it is a tablet-only feature , but hopefully we will get that in the unified ice cream sandwich platform . that should be a bit with that slowness issue with pdf readers since they are only able to do software rendering in gingerbread and older .
the situation seems to be improved in the android 2.2 update .
you sure can ! sony introduced this in 4.2.2 . for the sony-xperia-z sony have introduced native dualshock 3 support this software functionality was spied in the upcoming sony xperia sp ( c530x ) settings menu ( settings > xperia ) . from here you will find a dualshock 3 wireless controller menu option . you then need to connect the controller to your phone via an usb-otg cable . once this is done , you can remove the cable and the phone and controller will now be connected via bluetooth . here is a youtube guide on just this wirelessly : 3g uk also have a guide posted on how to do this using usb otg , and here is an extract : how do you connect the dualshock controller ? connecting your controller to your sony xperia devices does not involve rooting your device or anything complex . however , there are some things you will need two things before you can begin : usb otg ( on the go ) adapter - an inexpensive cable which enables you to connect usb devices to your sony xperia device ( 2.68 on amazon ) . the charging cable that came with your ps3 dualshock controller then follow the 4 simple steps below : step 1 - connect the " charging cable " to your ps3 dualshock controller and plug the other end into the usb otg adapter . step 2 - plug the usb otg cable into the micro-usb port on your sony xperia smartphone/tablet . step 3 - open up " settings " on your xperia device and navigate to the " xperia " menu ( listed under the device section ) step 4 - select the " dualshock wireless controller " app and follow the on-screen prompts . this artilce is for the coders and programmers and has details on how to implement in your own game . not exactly what you asked , but may be of interest to some !
when you invoke the adb backup command , this is the screen popping up on your device : the button you would need to hit is " back up my data " . so after invoking the command , wait for 3 . . 5 seconds to be sure the screen is " loaded " , then hit the area on the lower-right where the button should be . the backup process then should start immediately . even if you see nothing happen , give it another 30s or so , then check ( from a different terminal/command shell ) ; you should see your backup file growing then .
you can delete your whatsapp account through the following steps . open whatsapp . press the [ menu button ] => settings => account => [ delete my account ] . enter your phone number in the full international format and tap [ delete my account ] . please keep in mind that deleting your account is an irreversible process , we cannot undo a deletion if you complete the process by accident . goto whatsapp faq for more infomation
juicedefender allows you to turn your radio on and off and to set triggers for this . tasker will also do this . one thing to note , the "3g " radio is the same radio that you use to make voice calls , at least it is on cdma phones . by controlling the apn you can turn on and off your 3g data and reap gains in battery life without turning off the radio . i am not 100% on this but i believe for phones that are not yet on froyo ( 2.2 ) an app is required to control the apn like apndroid or quicksettings . i am not sure how well these work with the automated trigger apps mentioned above .
with lbe privacy guard you can block positioning permissions for certain apps . you can download it here : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.lbe.security.lite it is important to note that lbe does require your phone to be rooted .
although some have reported it as a bug , apparently the away status only appears after 10 minutes of idle time ( defined as no use and the screen shutting off ) .
it is not intended to hide the system bar ( combined soft button/notification bar ) on tablets . imagine the bar is hidden and the app you are currently using does not offer an option to exit . -> your are stuck within this app . some custom roms offer the option to hide the bar . general option would be to use some third-party-apps like hide bottom bar or full ! screen which can disable the bar somehow . unfortunately these apps require root .
you probably have to use odin . i have done it myself , and it worked for me . i used it to root my phone ( sgs2 ) . i have postponed it for months , afraid it would brick my phone , but it did not . make a backup of all important data . find a good manual on youtube , xda-developers or via google . compare them , and see what they say . be prepared that it can go wrong . if it goes wrong , it could mean that your phone is bricked . i have a friend who bricked his samsung phone , and samsung repaired it without making problems over a rooted phone . google will not update your phone . samsung has to prepare an update because of phone specific drivers and their own specific apps . that is the only official way to update , and if samsung does not make that update , there is no alternative but to use a rom .
the only work around for that problem is , to use this app -> cloudmagic ( https://cloudmagic.com ) solved my problem but it would be reate when google will fix this for the stock email app .
set wi-fi sleep policy to " never " for android 4.0 ( ice cream sandwich ) and later : 1 ) navigate to menu > settings > wifi and select the menu button again . 2 ) select options , advanced 3 ) set keep wifi on during sleep to always
so finally i was able to fix this weirdo . since this answer doesnt really tell what was causing this . i will remark any further answers if they can tell what was the problem i will just describe what i did . root your device install clean master give it the root access ( it will ask itself ) remove all bloatware run cleaning routines hope that it helped you
tap to open the folder , then long-press the text making up the name . that should change it to an editable field .
in ics , it is up to the application . you will have to check the settings for each individual app and see if they allow you to control what shows up in your notification bar . unfortunately , there is no way to control this through android itself . . . however , note that in jelly bean , the ability to monitor and control which apps display notifications is integrated into the app settings options . see below :
you will need to root your phone with unrevoked and remove the cdrom . iso file located in /system/etc/ that is the only way to prevent that . the neat upside is that once you have rooted , you can replace that cdrom . iso with any other iso you had like to auto-mount .
it looks like someone sent htc an email back in july and got the following response : i understand you want to know which speed is the best for your device as far as sd card is concerned . we have tested the devices on a class 4 speed . i could not recommend anything higher than that . the phone may be capable of running a higher-class speed , but we have only tested it on a class 4 . you may also want to email htc support and see what they officially say . from i have been reading , people have been using class 6 just fine . not sure about 8 or 10 .
this seemed to solve itself . after trying again just now , it worked . must have been a server-side thing . sorry i can not help anyone else that has this issue .
samsung galaxy player 4.0 is not actually a phone per se , so it is hard to use it as such ( without some help at least ) : any of the following solutions answers your question the way you intended it to be answered , but this is the result of a deep investigation and testing that might help you or help others in the future . 1 ) just like a bluetooth handset : with a fair amount of limitations , you can pair the galaxy player to your smartphone just like pairing a bluetooth headset : turn on bluetooth on both devices , make the galaxy player discoverable , and scan with the phone . once the devices recognized each other and got paired , the player shows up connected to the phone . when a call gets to the smartphone , the galaxy player will ring as well . the screen does look just like the incoming call screen on a smartphone , providing an option to answer or decline the call . initiating a call from the smartphone , will automatically activate the galaxy player , just like it would with a bluetooth headset . if the galaxy player and your smartphone are close together , lets say it the same room , the call has a good quality , just like if you were talking on your phone . the power consumption for this solution is very low , so its a thumbs up as well . sadly , the contacts list on the galaxy player will do you no good , since it actually can not initialize any calls . 2 ) using wifi : one tested alternative with a very lost cost can be signing up with a service that directs texts and/or calls to the galaxy player . e.g. , google voice , see the international calling rates the only drawback using any service like google voice on the galaxy player is that you can only receive/send text messages and calls when connected to wi-fi , unlike a normal phone . google voice is a feature-rich call forwarding service . you get one phone number that will ring all of your phones ( cell or landline ) . with it , you can receive voicemails and text messages ( no multimedia messages/mms , though ) . being a part of your google account , you have access to all of your messages ; call logs and more . google voice @ google play 3 ) using voip signing up with a service with a voip solution , it is possible to make actual calls from the galaxy player ( or any device with speaker and microphone ) . e.g. , line2 , see the plans comparison this service does not get you stuck to a contract , extra fees or a period of time . so , if a better solution appear in the future , you can stop using it immediately .
right now it is not possible to sync through play video , however , you may soon be able to purchase movies from the market and have them stay in the cloud until needed . you could try alternatives such as box , or dropbox , ( there are many competitors in this file-locker space ) , they allows you to sync nearly anything across devices . google video , at least on my xoom , will pick up movies out of any folder without the . nomedia file in it . ( edited to remove falsehood of no google services allowing syncing : ) )
yes , any phone that has a front-facing camera and is running gingerbread ( android 2.3 . x ) and above will be able to join and initiate hangouts with the latest version of google+ app .
what are my options for recovery images ? is there anything besides clockworkmod or amon ra ? a third popular option is teamwin recovery project , usually referred to as twrp . if i go with either one , how do i get it installed ? since your bootloader is unlocked , you can use fastboot to install a recovery if you download it in . img format . you do this by downloading the recovery image to your computer , plugging in your phone , and executing : fastboot flash recovery /path/to/recovery.img  from a pc command prompt while your device is booted into fastboot mode . alternatively , clockworkmod and twrp can both be installed from apps on rooted devices . for clockworkmod you can use rom manager and select the " flash clockworkmod recovery " menu option . twrp can be installed using goomanager by selecting the " install openrecoveryscript " option in the app 's settings menu . a third option is to get a copy of the recovery you want in a bootloader-flashable zip file . for the evo it will be a file named pc36img . zip . you put it on the root of your phone 's sd card and then reboot into your bootloader and it should flash it for you . i know that amon ra has been distributed in this format , but i am not sure about the others .
i finally tracked down a fix after some file searching . . . the " adb over usb " fix creates a file in %USERPROFILE%\.Android\adb_usb.ini with the " vendor id " of 0x2080 in it . i have a .android folder in my root of my sdk directory c:\android-sdk\.android\ , and in there is also the adb_usb . ini . i added the 0x2080 to that file , then restarted adb and i can now see the device via usb-> adb .
i had this issue - it is not that a fix does not come , it is just that it is taking a very long time to get a fix . this is due to the lack of the downloaded agps data - it can not download the data , and so has to rely on solely gps satellited , which takes ages . if you have been disconnected from the internet for a while , then you will suffer from these effects . agps data is cached for a few days , or when you change location , so if you just disconnected , gps should work for a while afterwards . ( you should also check to make sure that the google system is enabled for location use )
i have used both quality bluetooth and wired headsets adapters with my htc desire without anybody complaining about sound quality . in general i do not think you can go wrong with plantronics headsets , i have been using their landline ones for years .
from this post , it seems that only very specific conditions seem to trigger this bug . also , afaik , this only seems to affect the default messaging app , using a replacement like handcent seems to be the way to go . more info on the bug here . specifically , there is something about certain email-to-sms messages that corrupts android 's sqlite database , causing unpredictable results thereafter . the most commonly cited offender is alerts sent by bank of america , though sms alerts sent by linkedin and t-mobile are also cited . it is possible that any sms where the sender is an email address will do the trick , or it is possible there is something else these specific senders ' messages have in common . to be clear : if you have never received one of these corrupting messages , you will never be able to reproduce the bug . that is why it is only affecting a small group of android users . if you have fallen prey to the issue , you should be able to fix it by performing a hard reset ( wiping all data ) and then blocking the offending sender ( s ) from sending you texts in the future .
installing wifi keyboard as suggested by gathrawn made input much easier .
based on what i have read so far , this may be a bluetooth issue . some people have fixed the issue by : using only 1 bt device . if you have connected both a bt keyboard and bt mouse , disable one of them . disabling wi-fi . having both wi-fi and bt seems to trigger a repeating key issue . using external keyboard helper pro . it has a do not repeat option . link to app . at the end of the thread , it mentions that bt was re-engineered in android 4.2 . so if you upgrade to 4.2 , that should fix the issues you are having .
if geffchang 's answer did not work , you can try this at a last resort . system setting > apps > all > email > deactivate . however , this not only removes the account you wanted to remove but also all other accounts .
you can use a custom lock screen . just pick the one that you like
no im sorry , but chrome for android needs hardware acceleration , so until google change that ( i dont think thats gonna happen sorry ) you can not do that . but maybe in the future . sorry , i know it was not the answer you really wants to hear . . .
yes you can lagfix without rooting by flashing a kernel like voodoo through odin . but this will void your warranty anyways . if it helps , the sgs phones are very easy to unroot and revert to stock to hide what you did .
there should have been a warning when you begin the encryption that you had to agree to . the only way to unencrypt it is to perform a factory reset , thereby wiping your data partition completely .
solution that worked for me : connect the phone to the charger switch it off ( 10 sec press power button ) as soon as the led light up and the phone screen is black , disconnect it from the charger the phone should remain off ( wait for 10 sec to be sure ) connect again the charger and then unplug it after 5 sec now try to boot the recovery ( power + volume up ) once you are in recovery : fix the permission to enable r/w on system . clean cache and dalvin cache if you need flash it again ( you can push file with adb ) now the phone boots perfectly ! i am using lewa mod for reference .
looking through the hyperdrive rom page for note 3 at xda , power menu toggle can be adjusted by the following steps . open the application Hyperdrive Tweaks included in the rom . in the app goto General Mods &gt; Extended Power Menu select the options you want for power menu toggles viz ( shut down / restart / recovery etc ) . however , i cannot find out where to disable the volume settings control from the power button , my assumption would be under audio mods of hyperdrive tweaks . reading further down in the thread , few have mentioned that enabling the power toggle in the hyperdrive tweaks app should override the current volume control toggle behaviour by power button ( long press ) .
no . as reported and commented on by various users , there is no exfat support built in to android , so the nexus s will not read the disk .
you can use an external bluetooth or usb keyboard with the nexus 7 . for more information see the connect to keyboards , mice , and other devices section of the nexus 7 manual . mike elgan reports that the nexus 7 also works with an apple bluetooth keyboard .
android studio contains adb in folder android-studio\sdk\platform-tools it is possible to add to path in windows and use terminal inside android studio only by command : " adb shell " and after use " su " get root shell . locate android studio platform tools folder ( eg : c:\android-studio\sdk\platform-tools ) open enviroment variables in windows ( http://www.computerhope.com/issues/ch000549.htm ) add platform tools to end of path ( eg : ; c:\android-studio\sdk\platform-tools ) reopen android studio use terminal with command : " adb shell " older windows will maybe need reboot after change path variables .
best answer i have found so far : you could try clearing all data from the keyboard . Menu&gt;Settings&gt;Applications&gt;Running Applications then tap All . scroll down and find Internation Keyboard ( if thats the one you are using ) and Clear Data . source : sony ericsson support forum of course , it will also set the keyboard to the original settings . anyway , i would like to find a way to remove some misspellings and not all the learned words , so if somebody knows how to do it , i will be glad to hear from it .
it could be vad . it stands for voice activated dialing and is triggered by the service code *44* . i am not sure why it would do that all by its own without your interaction . an explanation could be that you are using a vad supporting bluetooth headset .
no , apps cannot be installed on sim . what you describe are rather sim services . afaik you can use those with the " sim toolkit " app only ( which is where you also should find your &lt;operator-name-here&gt; , and where you should be able to see what is installed there ) . as long as you did not actively subscribe to any of those services , they should simply stay dormant and never bother you . last time i have checked for those must be 10 years ago , on my old nokia . i never encountered them afterwards , though not ( un ) installing anything on/from sim . neither i ever heard about " automatic sms " . even service sms must be approved by the user before being executed . but as many of those services are rather a kind of " sms mailing lists " , could it be that should mean " please subscribe to one of them " ?
i ended up looking at cyanongenmod 's source code and figured out how they did it . here is my working . sh script : echo 'boot-recovery ' &gt; /cache/recovery/command echo '--update_package=/sdcard/update.zip' &gt;&gt; /cache/recovery/command reboot recovery 
widgetlocker ( on the market ) provides htc-like , iphone-like , motorola-like , and rotary style unlock screens . really superb app .
as of this moment , it is not possible to convert a user into a profile . however , you could create a profile based on the existing user . downside : since a profile does not have a google account tied to it , they can not have a gmail app . and as you have already mentioned , they would also lose those user-specific data . update #1: from android . com , it says that a restricted profile is a subset of a user 's account . it is using the same user account , albeit restricted . so the profile is quite different from a user , where it is tied to a different google account . each restricted profile offers an isolated and secure space with its own local storage , home screens , widgets , and settings . unlike with users , profiles are created from the tablet owners environment , based on the owners installed apps and system accounts . the owner controls which installed apps are enabled in the new profile , and access to the owners accounts is disabled by default .
this is not possible without a third-party application . a quick search on google play shows several apps which should allow you to do what you want .
the connectbot developers recommend full keyboard to issue keyboard shortcuts . but there are also other keyboards .
on android , the package name of the app is what identifies it on the phone : that is what gives it its own space to run in , and it has to be unique in running apps . there are two options to get one app running two instances : if you are on a jelly bean tablet , you can do this with multi-user support . create two user profiles on the tablet , and you can run the app once in each profile . each user 's instance of the app gets its own storage . if you have access to the source code of the app , you can create a new app by changing its package name . then install the new app . what you end up with is actually two apps , each with one instance , but since they both have the same code and resources , it has the effect you are looking for . these are the only two ways . if your device does not have multi-user support , and you do not have access to the app 's source code ( i.e. . you are not the app 's developer ) , then you are out of luck .
i just found the phone specs on mts india , and seems like the second sim supports only 2g voice + sms , not data . this is because the phone is dual sim dual standby ( dsds ) , not dual sim dual active ( dsda or dsa ) , and there is not a 3g gsm radio . dsds means that if you have a data connection or a call open , the other sim is disabled . this would prevent the use of the primary sim if there was an open data connection on the secondary sim . i am not an expert on dual-sim phones since they are not popular in my region , so there may be a way to get a 2g data connection over the gsm card , but it is not supported by the manufacturer .
this has some reasons , let 's try to sum them up : android has an open app market model ( there is the more or less curated play store but you can install apps from other locations ( 3rd party markets or self built/downloaded ) ) android may also not need antivirus apps ( most problems come from pirated rogue apps with added value piggybacked ) ios has a strictly curated app store and you are not allowed to bypass it ( unless you do not jailbreak your device but apple so far ignores the existence of jailbroken devices ) apple does not allow antivirus apps into their app store ( they do not grant the necessary privileges to 3rd party apps and ignore the existence of jailbroken devices ) antivirus vendors want to create a market for mobile antivirus solutions apple denies existence/possibility of malware for their platforms as long as it is possible ( for pr reasons ) to sum it up : android is more open than ios and lets antivirus vendors jump in while apple denies them access to their app store .
it turned out that mount is not actually supplied by busybox , but by toolbox . with this knowledge , it was easy to track down the cause of the bug : unlike busybox , since i do not have another " toolbox " implementation with a correctly working mount command , it is likely that the behavior would've been easy to see from the code . in fact the problem is here at line 330 : it checks if type == NULL , but then outputs an USAGE that erroneously shows -t as optional compare with busybox at line 1930 : // Loop through filesystem types until mount succeeds
some android phones , like the nexus one , have special contacts that tell the os when the phone has been docked . the desire actually does not have these so can not automatically detect that it has been docked . car home can still be launched manually . another option is to look at an app like tasker . you could configure car home to be launched when certain conditions are met , like the phone is on charge and in a vertical position ( so docked ) . there are many other ways you could use tasker for this .
all antivirus applications on all platforms will impact the performance of the device . this is because they intercept your actions and check them for unwanted effects . you say you have installed anti-viruses - plural . if you install more than one such application on any device they will start to check upon each other . this will have a significant cumulative affect which will be immediately noticeable . if you have installed more than one , then uninstall in the reverse order of installation .
a friend showed me how to , you go to the camera app 's settings , then go to " quick launch " , and check " launch and capture " . it was set on " launch only ( still camera ) " .
user poo-tang provided an answer in the xda forums : xperia play games do not work this way so will not be interchangeable . these new games are hid ( native android built in virtual controller/mouse ) supported ( only available on android 3.1 and up ) xperia play uses sony framework only . the games are coded for one or another ( sometimes both if developer has added support for both )
summing up : cyanogenmod from at least v7 up has , as usual , alerts for battery low . it can appear in different places : in the notification bar ( ryan conrad ) on the lock screen ( onik ) i rawly remember even having seen a toast displayed . according to onik , there should be a setting somewhere to toggle the alert sound for this event on/off -- and according to this cm forum post . . . led lights are in cm settings , while low battery sound is in phone/sound settings . i was able to find the sound at the end of the mentioned list with cm 7.2 ( but not 7.0.3 ) , but nothing in cm settings specific to the battery low event . though : if really needed , this should be quite easily established using tasker . . .
the disk usage application can show you all this information in a nice graphical format , allowing you to explore the space taken up by applications in your phone memory , or the space taken up by files on your sd card . app2sd will also display information for all apps , although it does not split the space into segments based on app/data/cache like disk usage does . however , it will allow you to move all apps that you can to the sd card from the phone memory , and provides an easy way to see all the apps installed on the phone , and one click access to the main application settings to uninstall applications .
it will not make a noticeable difference . the gps receiver has to be powered up continuously either way , but the receiver itself is not a huge part of the battery use of most location-based apps . in general , this kind of app can be a battery drain because it is running , computing data , and saving data continuously . for example , if it is saving a log of your route , it has to get the gps locations , filter and process those locations , and save them to the storage , continuously . all the time it is doing this , the phone 's cpu is still running at high power , when normally it would be asleep ( in a low-power state ) in your bag or pocket . the difference between how much other work the two apps are doing , and how efficient they are at that , is going to dwarf any difference caused by location sampling rates . in fact the difference between the apps themselves might even be more than the total power consumption of the gps receiver .
this sounds a bit like a shopping question , which is off-topic here , but as a general answer : yes , it is possible to change tracks from bluetooth headphones . almost all headphones that support a2dp ( advanced audio distribution profile ) , which is required for better quality music streaming , can also handle avrcp ( audio/video remote control profile ) which handles controlling the playback . as an example , i have a samsung sbh-170 , which has buttons for play/pause , next/previous track , volume up/down and call answer . just check that the headphones you are going to buy support a2dp , and most likely they support avrcp as well .
let 's talk about sets , baby android 's backup service has a concept called a set : the set of all data backed-up from one device ( on one transport , but that is a detail ) . each set is identified by a unique string , such as the imei on the device . when an app ( or the list of installed apps ) is backed up , its backup data go into the set associated with the device it is being backed up from . all the sets are still specific to the user 's google account . if you wipe your device and sell it to someone else , he will not be able to access that device 's set unless he can log into your google account . default behaviour when an app is installed , or a device has its list of apps restored , the backup system first looks in that device 's set for backup data for that package . if it does not find any ( either because it is a completely new device with no backed-up data , or because that package has never been installed on that device ) , it'll expand the search to other sets . ( if there is a choice , it'll use the last set that was used for a full-device restore . ) thus , when you set up a new device , it'll restore the list of apps from an old device 's backup , and restore each app from the old device 's backup . if you had an app installed on one device and you install it on another device , the app will be restored with its data from the old device . in either case , the data are now backed up into the new device 's set , which means that the backup data from the two devices are separate from now on . after you factory-reset a device , it'll restore from that device 's last backup if there is one , and failing that , from some other device 's backup if there is one , but it will start to create its own set from then on . that is why nalum 's two devices do not see each others ' backed-up apps : they are each restoring from their own last backups . source this mechanism does not have any user-facing documentation , since it is supposed to automatically do the right thing , but the code is available . bmgr: basic use as izzy found , the bmgr tool gives you some control over this process . it is intended as an aid for programmers to help test and debug the backup integration in their apps . you can use this tool in an adb shell to trigger backups and restores of chosen packages , wipe packages ' backed-up data , and even a whole-device restore . do not try to use it in an on-device shell except as root : you need the system-level android.permission.BACKUP to do anything interesting with it . you can make an app update its backed-up data immediately : bmgr backup com.shadowburst.showr bmgr run  ( or whatever the app 's package name is ) . there is not normally any need to do this , as apps request their own backups whenever their data changes , but this lets you work around a badly-written app . to restore one package from the backed-up data it would choose by default : bmgr restore com.shadowburst.showr  but again , this will only do what the device would do on its own , so you should not need to use it . note also that the device already needs to be installed to make this work . more control now for the stuff that the backup system will not do on its on . to see what sets of backed-up data are available : bmgr list sets  and you will get some output like this :  3ff7800e963f25c5 : manta 3f0e5c90a412cca7 : manta 3dd65924a70e14c8 : TF101 3baa67e9ce029355 : m0  the 64-bit hex number on the left is a token . you will need this in a minute . the thing on the right is a ( relatively ) friendly name for the device that owns the set . for example , manta is the code name for the nexus-10 ; tf-101 refers to the original asus-eee-pad-transformer . once you have figured out which set you want , you can restore an app from that set using its token : bmgr restore 3ff7800e963f25c5 com.shadowburst.showr  you can add more package names to the end of the command to restore several packages at once , or you can specify no package name ( just the token ) to restore every app with data in that set ( that is , it does a full-system restore ) . finally , you can wipe an app 's data from the current set : bmgr wipe com.shadowburst.showr  this will make its next backup operation start from scratch . this might be useful after uninstalling an app , if an error in the app corrupted its backup data and you do not want it restored . you can not make a device start writing into a different set , nor can you wipe a whole set .
unfortunately , it seems like the htc aria does have that ability , but at and t has removed it .
is the following settings enabled in settings -> account and sync : bakcground data , auto-sync ' sync gmail ' inside your email account
it is impossible to root out touchwiz without modifying the samsung source code to remove and replace it ; it is heavily embedded in the os . this would be a massive effort and i do not believe anyone 's done it . the only alternative is a rom built from stock in the first place , such as cyanogen as ryan mentioned .
from your home screen , press Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Language and Keyboard . from here select the keyboard you are using . in the next page of settings , you should see something like Audio feedback for swype , or Sound on keypress for flext9 . you can modify Vibrate on keypress there too if you wish .
there are different approaches to app2sd , which are briefly explained in our app2sd tag-wiki . the app2sd built-in to android only moves parts of the app to sdcard , while other parts ( e . g . the app 's data and its dalvik cache ) remain on internal storage . how much ( or what percentage ) gets moved varies from app to app  which is what you experience in the described case . moreover , an app needs to explicitly support this mechanism . there are different other approaches pre-installed with some custom roms ( such as app2sd+ ) , or separately installable on rooted devices ( such as link2sd or data2sd ) trying to fill this gap ; to completely move an app out of internal storage , one often has to use combinations of at least two of those tools . please see the linked tag-wiki for closer details .
its shows that your phone is in extended standby mode . you can find it in Settings-&gt;PowerManagemnet extended standby mode increases the standby time by reducing the background activities when the phone is in standby mode . data will automatically be turned off and background activities will be stopped from waking up , while applications will also be prevented from syncing data . you will still be able to receive calls and texts , while the calendar application and alarms will still feature normally . as soon as you unlock your smartphone it'll go returning to functioning normally . any ongoing downloads or bluetooth transfer will be allowed to complete and once completed data will be turned off . extended standby mode is replaced with stamina mode for xperia running on jellybean or higher source : sony
websharing : http://www.appbrain.com/app/websharing-file-media-sync/nextapp.websharing.r1
currently , i have only seen two browsers on the android platform that display svg . the opera mini browser displays static svg . it seems to run scripting for a very short period of time , but does not run it continuously . it also does not appear to run smil animations . the fennec ( firefox mobile ) beta browser also displays static svg , as well as running scripting . it is still in beta and relatively huge . it does not run all of my example scripts successfully , but it does run some . i can not test smil animations , because i removed it to free up a large amount of space on my phone .
a google search shows me a lot of people have this question . . . looks like it is still an issue . although one post here says image viewer ( with animation ) v1.0 from androlib . com helped ( i have not tried it ) .
uninstalled , then reinstalled avast . scans now all clear . looks like a definite avast issue .
here is my comment as an answer xd there are custom roms like cyanogenmod that allows you to unlock using your trackball , dont know if there on market is and app for that . . . --some minutes ago . . . -- hey there is one at https://market.android.com/details?id=org.liberty.android.anyunlockfeature=search_result called anyunlock , there are other apps like this . . . . --as you discovered xd -- pd : rate with 100 for the effort :p
open up main settings > applications > manage applications press menu > filter > all search for calendar and calendar storage . clear data for both and then return to the calendar app . choose the calendar ( s ) you want from the options within the calendar app ( if you have more than the default calendar you wish to sync ) and then sync .
in case some one else comes across this . i did not completely figure out why 1 updated firmware tablet works and 1 non updated tablet does not with the same file path from sdcard0 . i did notice on the updated firmware tablet in storage i have folders emulated ( read only ) , sdcard0 ( read/write ) , and sdcard1 ( neither ) . what i understand these are android 4.2 multiuser folders . using the html file from either legacy/0 folders within the emulated folder turns out to work fine with chrome . both those folders are read and write . so that is my solution for now . side note , the emulated folder is not on the non updated firmware tablet .
as long as you did not turn these features off , simply tying your google account to a new phone will restore : backed up installed apps wifi settings bluetooth settings purchased apps not backed up preferences settings texts application data to answer your second question : the nandroid restore should work on an identical phone . however , this will not work for a different phone unless you only copied data in the backup . any system data will cause problems on a non-identical device .
the samsung captivate 's speaker can work its way loose , usually after the phone takes a hard knock ( like being dropped ) . in most cases you can fix it yourself by opening the back and pressing hard on the speaker with your thumb . you should probably power the phone off to do this .
where is it ? it is inside an apk file for some application . can i access it without root access ? you can download the apk to your desktop and unzip it . dolphin hd . . . points to file:///android_asset/new_tab . htm since dolphin hd is not open source ( afaik ) , you have no way of changing this behavior . you also cannot modify this file unless you sign the resulting modified apk file with your own digital signature , in which case you would never again be able to get an update to dolphin hd . you may wish to contact the dolphin hd developers and suggest a feature that meets your needs .
i had same problem before . user:eldarerathis was correct . it is swipe gesture that suppose to hide menu when you do not need it , but afaik , there is no way to turn it off . so , to get it back you should do gesture starting roughly a bit above browser icon and swipe down ( or up ) . i have fixed that another way - simply installed different launcher . problem did not appear
you can manually set the location using an igoogle gadget or through firefox . what you are probably seeing when the location is " one block away " is that gps is not actually turned on on the handset . the phone is probably using positioning that is determined used cell phone tower location , so it will get you in roughly the correct place , but not the exact location you would expect if gps was turned on .
you can install cyanogenmod or any number of custom roms , but it sounds like you will need to develop a specific rom for your situation . if you only want the user to run a single app , i would imagine you had have to develop an app that declares itself as a home screen/launcher , and have your rom only include that app as the main launcher . this is basically how barnes and noble made the nook simple touch . their own launcher is very limited and does not let you install apps or see anything that looks like android . as soon as you get root via an exploit , you can easily install your own launcher that gives you access to the standard android interface and turns the nook simple touch into a fully fledged ( if limited ) tablet . a specific implementation is outside the focus of this stackexchange site , but you can get programming advice at stackoverflow . com
the best option ( albeit a rather pricey one ) appears to be the icontrolpad . it was originally designed for use with an iphone but now uses bluetooth to communicate with all bluetooth-enabled devices . it sounds like developers plan on supporting it , but i am not sure how well it will work with current games . edit : i recently became aware of another bluetooth gamepad that caters specifically to smartphones . it is called the bluetooth game gripper . there is an andoinica article about it here , and the kickstarter project is here . however , it does not appear that the maker has garnered enough vc to get the project off the ground , so i am not sure of the current status .
installing a recovery and flashing your rom download your recovery . img or wahtever the name is to your fastboot folder . adb reboot bootloader fastboot flash recovery recovery . img fastboot reboot recovery now use your recovery to flash your rom . at this point you may not be able boot into your rom if you do not have s-off . but give it a try . if it works then forget the next few lines . copy the boot . img file from inside your rom and copy it to your fasboot folder . adb reboot bootloader fastboot flash boot boot . img . now you can reboot to boot into your rom .
no . it is not just a question of adding something to the chooser ( the menu of apps ) : there needs to be an app on the other end to take the photo , log into flickr , and understand flickr 's api ( the programming interface that apps use ) in order to upload the photo . it also needs to handle possible failures , such as resuming or retrying the upload later if you lose internet connection . if you want a share option that shares to flickr , there are many flickr apps on google play that only do uploading , and do not have any functionality to browse or view photos . that way you can have the share option while still keeping your phone lean . alternatively , you can browse to the flickr website in your web browser and upload photos from there . it is not as convenient but it is the only way that does not involve any kind of special-purpose app .
i believe it is a no to both those questions . yes you can clear default associations only if you know which app is associated with with Intent ( you will still be prompted with the dialog asking you which app you had like to use with the current Intent ) . apart from that there is no way to clear associations . they are hard coded inside each app , there is no way to remove them . update : to answer your edited question head to settings > applications > manage applications find your application that you chose as your default app for that intent , click clear defaults
the bootloader is vendor and model-specific . it is not consistent across android 2.2 versions . a common way to get into the bootloader ( also called " recovery mode" ) is to hold a volume button down and reboot the device , releasing the button when you get to the bootloader . on my samsung galaxy s vibrant , the easiest way is to hold both volume buttons plus the power button , releasing the power button once the phone reboots and you see the " vibrant " logo , and releasing the volume buttons after the bootloader comes up . on my vibrant , the options include doing a factory reset and installing " update . zip " from the root of the internal sd storage . your mileage may vary . something like clockworkmod recovery can be installed on many devices , which provides additional options including backing up and restoring your phone 's rom ( os , kernel , data , etc . ) . you should be able to google " recovery mode " for instructions for you particular device .
also see http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=734138 for a discussion about how they might . mechanisms other than apn change might include time to live request header data volume answer seems to be probably not .
theming is independent of the launcher , although both may be considered part of the ui ; for example , the touchwiz launcher and theme are elements of samsung 's touchwiz ui . my samsung vibrant is running a custom rom called bionix , and they have re-themed the device so my checkboxes look like this ( perhaps the only thing i dislike about the rom ) :
it turns out that on the galaxy note 3 that the voice recorder app is hidden away inside a folder called , simply , " samsung " . there is no visual distinction between a folder and between an app , so i had no reason to suspect that there was anything of value or interest to be had by clicking the icon named samsung .
i called at and t , and this is a mandatory update . other than rooting , there is no way to avoid the message . you can avoid the download by not going onto wifi . if you install the update , you need to re-enter wifi passwords every time you reconnect to a wifi network . horrible ! i am avoiding this thing even if have to keep hitting the home key when the message pops up .
the " hc " in every sd-card name simply means " high capacity " - i.e. every sd card with more than 8gb is a SDHC card . every " sdhc " card is sd-standart 2.0 ( "sd 2.0" ) . which means your device is compatible with a microSDHC card up to 32 gb .
are you talking about this ? source .
i have the same problem with etech et-7008b tablet , the usb debugging is off before they made made too many pattern mistakes . my advice is make sure usb debugging option is checked/turned on before making any security password on your devices but it would be easier to unlock for those stolen or lost devices .
you can delete the photos via the google+ app or web interface . from the left-hand menu , click photos . if you have not turned on auto-upload and do not want to , click not now to get rid of the prompts . then , if you are in the app , open the menu that slides in from the left again , and choose albums from the menu ; or in the web interface , click more on the top , then albums on that menu . from there you can see the hangout photos , listed separately from the ' real ' photo albums . you can select and delete them to your heart 's content . note that " deleting " a photo from this view does not delete it right away : it moves it to the " trash " or " bin " . to finish them off , you can find that on the same menu you were just on , or just wait for 60 days .
i am not sure is dvorak is available on stock firmware for optimus v , but there are many 3rd-party keyboard apps on the market that have it ( some require a separate download via a plugin . ) once installed , activate it by going to Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Language &amp; keyboard , and marking the checkbox next to the newly installed keyboard app . then bring up any text field ( e . g . google search ) and long-press it . tap on the " input method " menu item , and you will be presented with the list of all currently installed and enabled keyboard apps . select the one which has dvorak layout and you will immediately be able to use it .
fastboot is a binary and protocol used to communicate with android devices in the early boot stage . it allows to change of the boot target and therefore is often used to install custom boot-loader ( twrp , clockworkmod , etc . ) and roms . the binary often comes with the android sdk , for example on my linux system it is installed at /opt/android-sdk-update-manager/platform-tools/fastboot . there are also build instructions for fastboot on the official android page .
when the lock-screen is enabled , android disallows apps to interact with buttons in the way you ask . however , though it is not an app , but i believe cyanogenmod rom allows for this . and if that is the case , there will be other roms out there that allow for the same .
you can use " emulator " from console . that way it will stay on regardless of eclipse state . starting emulator also , try using adb devices to find out is your emulator really running
google reader is a cloud-based feed reader service . on top of this service , there are many apps as a front-end to user . e.g. - official google reader apps ( web , android ) , feedly ( firefox , android ) etc . google currents is a front-end digital magazine/ newspaper delivery app ( with cloud sync ) available to android and ios ( no web interface yet ) . google currents can read feeds , but it was not designed for that . google has a vision attached with it : real digital magazine/ newspaper delivery which is beyond normal feed reading ! see the differences : feed publishers do not have control of content display in end app , but currents publishers do have . they can divide their currents in sections , sub-sections . they can decide the layout of this digital magazine etc . its not just nice looking magazine interface . . its more than that . feedly , which sync with google reader , also provides magazine interface , but its not really a magazine . think about your real-world magazine reading experience . currents can be premium . current publishers can charge you which is not possible with google reader . while there is a concept of premium feeds ( which is rare ) , google reader can only subscribe it . but , google currents can be marketplace for that . google currents can not replace google reader because its different thing . if you do not have special interest in those hand-created digital publications , go for google reader . you can use it on web , windows , mac , ubuntu etc along with tablets and smartphones ( all in sync for read/unread status , starred items ) . you can have thousands of interface choices thanks to google reader api . and yes , you can always mix feeds in google reader to create your own feed dj ( which is not possible with google currents ) .
palliatively , i installed kingsoft office , although it is so big for my device ( it is about 13mb in size , and all my internal storage is just 180mb ) . . . so i had to remove some apps to install it . well , it does the work well : show special characters without issues . but i wait for a solution for polaris office . . .
is rooting the only option available for me ? yes . should not samsung allow me just point my phone update link ( ? ) to whatever i want , as my contract expires ? no . the manufacturers do not have a legal or moral obligation to do so . they can provide the sources to the kernel on their site , that is about how far they can go . this is where the community comes in , have a look at this titled " where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ? " google nexus line of devices are free from carrier related slow-downs in rolling out updates and fixes to android , which is why you pay the odds over for a google nexus device . not all devices are deprived of the pure google experience , i.e. no carrier bloatware , touchwiz , etc . it can be done by selected few talented developers , depending on the community and popularity of device in question . you are free once the contract expires and do whatever you want without violating terms and conditions . you can : sim unlock/network unlock root the device modify it flash a custom rom on it ( refer to the linky above )
as it turns out , the issue was that my phone was no longer being recognised as a composite usb device by windows , meaning only one of adb , mtp or htc sync was capable of running at a given time . after the update , mtp was always recognised first . this explains both the 4.3 issue of mtp and adb conflicting , and the 4.4 issue of no adb . the solution was provided by htc 's support website : step 7 . if you could see your phone as the portable device on your pc , but there is still no " android usb device " in " device manager " , please try to manually update the driver for your phone . expand " portable devices " in " device manager " right click on your phone 's name or " mtp usb device " update driver software select browse my computer for driver software tap let me pick from a list of device drivers on my computer dont check show the compatible hardware select standard usb main controller select usb composite device in the right hand side list as the screen shot below and then click next after you click next , if there is warning message window pop up , please choose yes .
you need to include the port number . adb -s 192.168.60.69:5555 shell  if you are using a sensible shell with configurable tab-completion ( i.e. . not windows ) , then you can type adb -s tab to get a list of devices .
directions taken from omg ! ubuntu ! . im assuming you backed up your data . download the corresponding android image from google . extract the downloaded zip . connect your nexus 7 to the computer with the usb cable . open a terminal window and type : adb reboot-bootloader , this will reboot the tablet into the android bootloader . in the terminal , use the cd command to enter the folder created after you extracted the previously downloaded zip , for example , Desktop/&lt;name of extracted folder&gt; once there , run the shell script : sudo ./flash-all.sh and wait for it to complete .
well color me dumb . i would recently installed an app called " autopilot " . it is supposed to put the device in airplane mode when there is no cellular signal . i work in the middle of an office building so it happens a lot . it burns through battery while it tries to establish a signal . the settings led me to believe that it would not touch wi-fi unless i turned a specific setting on . i did not , because i did not want to mess with that . however , after i uninstalled the app , the behavior has stopped . i should have checked that first . let that be a lesson : just because you do not think it is that new app you installed giving you grief , it just might be after all .
after much experimenting , it is apparent that you cannot put a widget inside a folder . folders will only hold shortcuts . i have a stock motorola droid with android 2.2.1 . admittedly , there may be a rom out there that lets this happen , and perhaps even a customized version from some carrier/manufacturer that allows it . but without significant modification , this just can not be done .
error code 331 is an error that you would get back from the sms gateway . it means : no network service is available . if you continue to get that message , i suggest you call your carrier .
i still have not tried voice choice , but i just downloaded this free app : voice plus this looks perfect . from the description : allows you to set rules for which number dialed will use your google voice number . specify rules based on area code or by contacts ( using contact groups ) . no more annoyance of having to press another button when dialing to choose where to call from !
there are quite a few options already : chroot to a full fledged linux ( search for debian chroot android , it is got quite a few hits ) there are also native ports of debian or ubuntu for some phone/tablet models . shell access is already there : terminal emulator if you install an aftermarket firmware such as cyanogenmod you will get root access , busybox , bash , an ssh client/server amongst other things here 's the sl4a project ( scripting layer for android ) , it adds python , lua , perl and other interpreted languages to android you can build qt applications ( yes , even those using qtgui ) using necessitas -- a port of most parts of the qt desktop framework to android . applications as complex as quassel ( an irc client/server ) can be built with very minimal source changes . in theory this would allow you to build much of kde4 , though some parts ( e . g . the plasma workspace ) may be too heavily tied to xorg/glx . most c/c++ programs from gnu/linux that do not require a graphical interface can be compiled to run on android using the android ndk other things , you aware of . feel free to add it here
if you have root , you can edit the settings database through adb : i first attempted to edit the field with the sqlite editor app from the play store : Settings Storage (com.android.providers.settings) \u2192 settings.db \u2192 system \u2192 window_animation_scale but it unfortunately gave me Update failed - error code 5: database is locked . whereas updating the database from adb worked fine . ( perhaps a different app would also work . ) other settings are also editable this way . if sqlite3 says permission denied you may need to chmod it to allow execution . you also may need to find the right path to use above for the settings . db file , here 's an example :
i was having that problem , and the solution that helped me was to charge up the battery completely , then use the recovery boot menu to wipe battery stats . then , i used the phone until the battery died and the phone shut itself off . during that time , it is important to not plug in your phone to usb or charger , it has to drain continuously . then you can charge it back up again and use it as normal . it should help to make the battery percentage more accurate , and to drop in a more stable way .
ok . i have found the answer , at least for that rom : in the /system/build.prop file in the zip file , the first " section " has build properties , which details all the information that is visible in the " about phone " part . this is an example of it here :
check out " need to write " in the market ! i just wrote this app so i am shamelessly advertising it everywhere . i was facing the same problems , so i made it to have no file size limit other than your sdcard size . ntw lets you display and edit files small chunks of the file at a time .
after trying a lot of different recovery images finally one of them worked . cwm 5.0.2.7 flashed successfully . people with the same problem can download the working recovery image file from this link
no , it does not have any kind of pass through . you cannot charge or dock the prime when the gps dongle is plugged in . here 's a youtube unboxing that provides a good overview of its physical design .
allshare is a samsung specific product , which might not be available to devices of different brands . however , as it is basically a dlna server/client app , you might want to take a look at some of the many alternatives available . a very good choice would be bubbleupnp , which acts both as server and client ( so you can stream from your device to other dlna/upnp clients as well as the other way around ) : bubbleupnp is a full featured upnp/dlna control point , upnp media renderer and upnp media server . play easily your music , videos and images on your phone and devices on your network ( dlna tvs , xbmc , wmp , . . . ) , from your external upnp media servers . play your phone/tablet media to those devices . browse and play your local phone/tablet and cloud media from other devices ( ps3 , . . . ) . bubbleupnp can also be used as a standalone music player , even without any network connection .
same as in normal chat . one person read message . -- drklo (github.com) source : https://github.com/drklo/telegram/issues/397
audio routing would have to be set in the application code itself . however , direct audio routing is deprecated since api level 5 ( android 2.0 ) . older versions of android navigation had this direct audio routing set to the route_speaker in their application code . but the newer versions of android have a system wide flag set with setspeakerphoneon or setbluetoothscoon if it should use the speaker or bluetooth . i am afraid that you will not be able to change anything about your setup since it is all build into the system and application code . all sounds will be routed through the same audio output in the newer versions of android and android navigation .
well , as it may seen , there is no solution without relying on third-part softwares . instead , i ( partially ) solved it by changing the language for english uk , where the numbers format are without separators . ex : 99999999 .
google 's android device manager service can do all of that apart from the remote control , though unless your phone has a new enough os to have it installed by default ( instead of pulled down as part of the google services updates ) it is difficult to remove rather than impossible . find your lost phone with android device manager remotely lock android devices
as discussed , you can store apps on the ext3 partition which will free up internal phone memory . there are also apps like swapper2 which allow you to put your swap file on the sd card . be warned , that this will degrade the life of your sd card and will also chew up battery due to frequent read/writes to the card . weigh the potential of additional free space in view of this .
how physically close will a tag need to be for the phone to detect a nfc card ? ( 10cm or can it greater ) &lt ; 0.2 m http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/near_field_communication nfc is intentionally very low ranged since it is meant to be difficult to accidentally connect to the wrong nfc readers . one of its possible applications is to aid in initiating longer-ranged connection ( e . g . bluetooth or wifi ) with zero configuration . also can the phone present itself as a nfc tag to other phones ? if this is possible is the range greater as the nfc transmitter is powered ? no , currently nexus s only have nfc reader , it cannot emulate nfc tag . http://www.nearfieldcommunicationsworld.com/2010/12/07/35385/google-unveils-first-android-nfc-phone-but-nexus-s-is-limited-to-tag-reading-only-for-now/ there are plans for future android releases to support nfc card emulation , but nexus s will not be getting it since it lacks the necessary hardware . i can think of several ways to hack around this , with some limitations , since static nfc tag can be made as a sticker , but full nfc card emulation will not be available in nexus s .
from the whatsapp site , the minimum requirements are android 2.1 , so even if you managed to find the apk and side-load it onto the g1 running 1.6 , it probably will not work . stable releases of cyanogenmod 5 ( android 2.1 ) and 6 ( android 2.2 ) are both available for the g1 . you can install whatsapp if you upgrade to cm 5/6 .
when such a notification appears . . . open your notification area long-press on the notification . this opens the app 's settings in the system configuration . here you can disable all notifications from the app . this is a feature introduced with jellybean -- as you have stated your device is running android 4.1.2 , this setting should be available to you .
.ftf are more suited for the older line of xperia devices and is proprietary format , the trend with newer sony devices is .elf instead . their layout of kernel image is non-standard , this requires a special script to run against the freshly built kernel image to convert it and add extra special markers to make it compatible for the xperia to enable booting . without the markers , the flash will fail , androxyde 's flashtool has the capability to generate the .ftf , .elf by concatenating the kernel image ( usually gzipped raw flat binary ) with a header called .sin which has some proprietary encoded binary that fixes up the bootloader 's address from which to boot up under . the script can be found on sony 's opensource portal website , that contains a blog entry highlighting how to create a flashable kernel for xperia s model . the custom rom 's that the op is referring to is more of a " universal generic " method , which contains the kernel and the files that composes of the rom , that is made suitable by the likes of clockworkmod ( cwm ) and teamwin recovery ( twrp ) to use them . some manufacturers are free to deviate on how their kernels are created and if necessary , applicable handling to convert it to a form suitable for flashing , such as sony 's own format , rather than using mkbootimg which is a more generic form of creating a flashable kernel ( this combines the kernel image and auxiliary supporting files ) , that is compatible with most , if not , all devices with some exceptions , like sony . as case in point , the kernel has to flashed separately first before flashing the rom . for others , cwm/twrp can directly flash the newly built boot image file created via mkbootimg first behind the scenes then write out the files into the /system partition .
i finally installed cyanogenmod 11 in my xperia l . cyanogenmod added a developer release only now to their collection and it works smooth . just followed the instruction presented in their website i was able to install cm11 . i suppose the are problems with aosp version of sony for xperia l .
the number of areas you can pre-cache is limited by the amount of system storage you have available . it is important to note that the cache is stored in system storage , not the sd card . also , the stored data is the base map tiles and landmarks . you will not be able to get directions based on this downloaded data , but you can browse it offline and track your current location . the cached data expires and is deleted automatically after 30 days . if you are not able to refresh your offline data in that time , you may be in trouble . more data on the feature is available on the official google blog post .
it depends , some android devices have an advanced setting wifi sleep policy under Settings -&gt; Wireless -&gt; Wi-Fi Settings -&gt; [Menu Button] Advanced -&gt; Wi-Fi Sleep Policy but i am not sure if this is a vanilla android feature or an manufacturer modification . at least the galaxy s series has this setting . data networks are usually fully active . but apps like tasker allow you to define certain profiles to improve battery life . for example : only allow 2g when the display is off , because 2g requires less battery then 3g ( umts ) .
try long-pressing the Search button . it should be tied to voice search by default . then say " dial xxx " , where " xxx " is either a phone number ( with the area code ) or name of a contact from your phonebook . here are all the voice actions you can perform with the voice search app : http://www.google.com/mobile/voice-actions/ note : according to google 's last blog post on the subject , voice actions via this app only work in english language . you might need to change your phone 's locale to " us " or " uk " in order to get this to work .
you can do this the old-fashioned way if you want to do one-time sync only : go to contacts and export to sd card . this will create a handy vcard file that will reside in the root of your sd card . most often this will be 00001.vcf or some such . from a desktop computer , go to gmail contacts and choose Import from the menu above . from the desktop you can add and edit your contacts much more easily than you would on the phone . however , i found syncing to be unreliable sometimes , especially with htc sence ( i had the stock rom previously on my htc desire ) -- i had to deal with duplicate contacts and mysteriously vanishing phone numbers on a few occasions .
to be honest , i would just search the android market and then try things out . " the best " android apps are going to be generally subjective , and there is typically several apps that perform any given task . you could also look at some of these older ( mostly cw ) questions : android market - want to see best applications alternative android app markets must have applications for android ?
in pre-2.2 stock keyboard , typing the ? is a two step process : alternatively , you can long press on . and a pop up menu will appear : in 2.3 stock keyboard , the auto-correct bar will show common punctuations , including ?: the old two-step ways of using the ?123 page and long-pressing on the . still works , although when you long-press on . now you only need to slide your finger to the punctuations . in swype , you can long press on the letter M to produce ?: alternatively , you can press Sym keyboard : if you are using swiftkey x beta , the ? has its own dedicated key in the main keyboard : if you are using htc keyboard , you can long-press on the letter k:
unfortunately , it does not appear that straight honeycomb ( xoom , samsung 10.1 , etc ) devices have the ability to take a screenshot without some help . if you have the sdk downloaded you are able to plugin your device and take screenshots using your computer . however , that sounds really inconvenient . instructions can be found here under " debugging tips " http://developer.android.com/guide/developing/debugging/index.html there was also an independent app released on xda for honeycomb devices called screenshot er . one caveat , it does require root . http://www.xda-developers.com/android/take-screenshots-of-your-honeycomb-device-with-screenshot-er/ market link at https://market.android.com/details?id=fahrbot.apps.screenfeature=search_result
you should take a look at the android api samples . the apidemos application is exactly what you are looking for : http://developer.android.com/resources/samples/apidemos/index.html
the folder Media is the where all the sound files are actually stored . inside Media , it has its own Alarms , Notifications , and Ringtones folder . these are the folders where each respective sound file belongs . in my case , i wanted to create a custom alarm . i thought it would be as simple as dropping a sound file in there , but it was not . there is a trick . in order for the android phone to recognize your file as an actual alarm , the file must have Alarm appended to its name . example : if your song/file name is Unwell.mp3 , then you have to rename it to Unwell Alarm.mp3 . only after you include the Alarm in the name will it become an alarm .
the application , motorola anyconnect , takes care of that for you . when you sign on to your corporate network , the cisco anyconnect secure mobility client for android only allows the traffic thru the vpn tunnel created , preventing any armful or unauthorized access or data transfer outside the parameters defined by your corporation security policies . cisco anyconnect provides reliable and easy-to-deploy encrypted network connectivity from motorola android devices by delivering persistent corporate access for users on the go . one thing that is not clear on your question is if you are aware that this cisco solution is a corporate solution , not for the end user who just want 's to navigate the web covertly . whether providing access to business email , a virtual desktop session , or most other android applications , anyconnect enables business-critical application connectivity . through the use of datagram transport layer security ( dtls ) , tcp-based applications and latency-sensitive traffic ( such as voice over ip [ voip ] ) are provided an optimized communication path to corporate resources . users have to authenticate to their enterprise networks in order to use this app and the features provided , but you can navigate the internet as usual , only restricted by the security policies applied . additional reading about this solution : motorola anyconnect from google play store android user guide for cisco anyconnect secure mobility client anyconnect secure mobility introduction video from youtube
it is difficult to know whether an apk is safe or not . your best bet is to download from trusted or reputable sources ( like google play , amazon , etc ) . some ( trusted ) developers also provide an md5 ( or other message-digest algorithm ) hash of their apks . after your download the apk , you verify if the apk has the same hash . if it does , then it is safe to say it has not been tampered with . you can also check the permissions required by the apk / app , and use common sense ( or your own judgement / instinct ) to tell if it is safe to install or not . bottomline : always install from trusted sources . stay away from pirated apks ; it is possible they may have malware .
with tasker you can automate this to have different screen time-out values depending whether or not your phone is connected to a power source : create a new profile and name it " screen timeout " . for context select State -> Power -> Power . select " any " for source and press the ok button . tap " new task " , name it " increase timeout " and tap the " ok " button . tap the + button to add a new action , select Display category , and then Display Timeout action . drag the sliders for " secs " , " mins " or " hours " to your desired values for when the phone is connected to a power source . tap the " ok " button , and then tap it again . long-press the " increase timeout " action and select Add Exit Task option . tap " new task " , name it " decrease timeout " and tap the " ok " button . tap the + button to add a new action , select Display category , and then Display Timeout action . drag the sliders for " secs " , " mins " or " hours " to your desired values for when the phone is running on battery . tap the " ok " button , and then tap it again . ensure the tasker is enabled by toggling it on ( switch at bottom-right corner ) and then tap the " ok " button . you should be all set . if you want to get fancy , you can add actions to both tasks to display toast messages .
get timely alarm clock . i have never tried more than 10 alarms but i guess it should be worth a try . it is free after all and extremely sexy . also you should try adding calender events instead of alarms and change the sound to something loud .
yes , the nexus 7 allows the installation of 3rd party apps . settings/security/unknown sources
yes and no . the fact that your galaxy s3 does not support mass storage mode means that you cannot play audio files stored on the s3 with the radio , like you could with a usb stick . ( if your car 's radio supports mass storage , that is . ) however , the other type of usb connection , allowing your iphone to be controlled by your car 's radio is an apple accessory connection . this is a protocol for communication between apple devices such as the ipod and iphone and accessories like your car 's radio . android currently does not support the apple accessory connection , but has it is own protocol for communication with usb accessories . it might be technically possible to create a solution for android to allow it to speak with apple accessories , but currently ( as far as i am aware ) no such solution exists .
i believe you should be able to switch between loudspeaker and earpiece like this in the screenshot at the bottom while in a call . on my samsung galaxy 3 running a custom 4.0.3 rom , it is working fine . but after searching on skype forums i found this - speaker only on android device looks like a lot of people are having the same issue from initial releases of skype for android . devices and os are different in each case , so there really is no solution for users other than to wait for a fix from skype . you should perhaps look for alternative apps like these- fring ( fring google play ) sip ( sip for android ) gtalk for android app . ( supports video/voip from android 2.3 onwards ) . see here - xda-develoeprs gtalk w/video and voice for 2.3.3 roms
no , you do not . the updates are received from the servers of the provider/manufacturer . this adress is saved in the rom . so you just need an internet connection via 3g or wifi .
i have used backitup pro successfully -- it is one of very few apps i have found that can backup/restore mms across roms . mybackup pro is another popular app . i have no experience with it personally though . titanium backup is very nice for a lot of things , but for call logs and sms , i am not sure it is portable across roms . it looks like it is simply backing up the sqlite dbs directly . there is a " data migration " option that is been added recently , but it looks like it is a pro-only feature . perhaps someone who is tried it can chime in with their experience . there is also call log backup and restore and sms backup and restore , which are free apps . they back up to xml files , so should be highly portable across roms . edit : i had a chance to test the " restore " features last night with my wife 's droid . i switched her from ruby 1.1.1 to cyanogenmod 6.1.0 , and took the opportunity to wipe her phone and start it fresh . the call log backup and restore and sms backup and restore apps worked perfectly . finally , there is sms backup+ , which copies sms/mms and calls logs to your gmail account .
it is true . but not all touch screen phones work well with this . the capacitive touch screens that we find in most android phones these days work by detecting electrical disturbances from our body . the ' sponge ' used in these diys are electrically conducting foam and they transfer the charge of our body through it , thus registering touches . on the other hand , these sponge tipped styluses obviously will not work well with resistive touch screens unless you apply some amount of pressure .
if your device is rooted , you can use titanium backup to backup the maps application , which will backup the application and it is data . after resetting , again install titanium backup , ( you have to root again , if you had lost the root access , as a first step ) and restore the maps application . while restoring , you get a chance to opt for restoring app alone or app with data . when opting for the later , your offline data also comes .
google reader allows choice of external program ( via intent ) to play audio .
please attempt the following : delete the entire .thumbnails folder delete the /sdcard/Android/data/com.android.gallery3d folder go to Settings-&gt;Apps-&gt;All and select the Gallery app . select clear data . go to Settings-&gt;Apps-&gt;All and select the Media Storage app . select clear data . reboot your device . this will completely erase all data from the gallery app , and if you open it before you reboot you should notice that you have no thumbnails . they will be generated on boot .
quite a few people dual boot nook colors ( internal vs sd card ) . take a look at this xda thread on running cm7 on the sd card ( for the nook color ) and this thread about booting from sd card performance . in short , it really depends on the read/write abilities of the sd card you use . a crappy sd card is going to give crappy performance . ( sorry for the specifics to nook color , but in general , it should be similar )
the lockerpro app was reseting my screen lock time to 15 seconds . ( the android system should offer a way to check who is changing the system settings )
the bbc released statements about their support for android with iplayer back in june : bbc iplayer on mobile : a new version and adobe flash 10.1 streaming on all android 2.2 phones and bbc iplayer on android update . this all boils down to saying that their current strategy for mobiles is to offer a mobile optimised version of their flash site , and not to create individual apps for every smartphone out there . i am also a flash-less fan of bbc radio and tv ( though in a better position than you as my manufacturer and carrier have announced that 2.2 is coming very soon ) , i had beebplayer on my previous android phone and it is sorely missed now . for the moment i just subscribe to the podcasts of the shows i am interested in ( and luckily most of mine are available as podcasts ) using the google listen podcast app , this does have the benefit that they work without cutting out while i am on the tube ! edit : going through the comments on some more recent articles on the bbc internet blog i have discovered an app called myplayer it seems to offer access to ( as far as i can tell ) the full iplayer tv and radio library with both streaming and downloads for later viewing/listening . picture quality does not seem quite as good as i remember from beebplayer , so presumably its using a different stream . anyway it is there and seems to work , grab it before " aunty " spots it ! newer edit : the bbc have released an official iplayer app , called bbc iplayer though this is really just a flash wrapper around the mobile version of the website and does require a wifi connection before it will play most content .
i believe you want : cat /proc/mtd . also useful : mount .
first a little explanation on the storage ( you might also check the tag wiki of the storage tag for a short introduction ) : why can not i use the free space available at /system ? the /system partition holds the often so-called " rom " , i.e. the android core system ( including the pre-installed apps , see bloatware ) . by default , it is mounted read-only for several reasons ( including " security " , so no app can tamper with anything here -- and the user cannot accidentally render the system unusable ) . this is also why a factory reset will present you with a " virgin system": it will not touch this read-only partition . being mounted read-only makes it clear you cannot write things onto this partition -- which answers the question why you cannot make use of the " free space " it has . you might wonder why a read-only partition then is not " sized appropriately " -- but it is : it just takes into consideration that additional space might be needed for a system update . future android versions might ( and most likely will ) need more space , also providers might want to add more bloatware . . . why is there so little space at /data ? to put it in simple words : 180mb is all that was left after taking away the ~200mb for /system . the galaxy mini s5570 is not a high-end device . and before you ask : no there is nothing you can do to increase the amount of overall storage available to /data ( at least nothing easy -- though some geeks might think of creating a bigger partition on the sdcard and mount it as /data , this is nothing simple and also not without side-effects ) . what can be done ? nothing much . if your device is rooted , you could think of using a bigger sdcard ( your device supports up to 32gb ) , and moving stuff over there with things like link2sd or even data2sd . you can regularly clear your apps ' caches and do some other cleanup . or you can simply go for a new device which offers more storage ( and more ram , and a faster cpu ) . i know it is not very satisfying that a device , just being 2 years old ( the s5570 was released to the market in february 2011 ) already is unable to keep up with daily needs . but unfortunately , 180mb storage ( and 384mb ram ) really is not much to play around . . . so all that currently remains is to refer you to the most faqs of the " insufficient storage " tag to find a solution until you can get yourself a new device . see especially : how can i get rid of the low disk space notification ? what can i do to manage my phone 's internal storage ? how can i deal with low on space messages on my htc incredible ? how can i free up more space on my android ( 2.2 froyo ) phone ? insufficient storage when trying to install new app
it is to alert you that the screen 's about to turn off . it is more useful when your timeout is longer than 30 seconds , certainly . i would assume you had need a custom kernel or at least to root and edit some config files in order to prevent this , i do not believe there is anything in settings for it .
speaking of gparted , i assume you have a linux computer available . so steps to be performed are quite simple -- speaking of an external sdcard : unmount the card from your android device , and take it out put it into a card reader , attach it to your linux computer . mount it there . copy all contents into an empty directory on your linux machine . from the command line , you can use the cp command for that to ensure everything is copied : cp -a &lt;/path/to/source&gt; &lt;/path/to/target&gt; ( replace &lt;/path/to/source&gt; with where you have mounted the card , and &lt;/path/to/target&gt; with your empty directory 's path ; for details on the cp command , run man cp or see its man-page on the net ) optional : check that everything was copied fine . if there were no errors displayed in the previous step , it should have worked fine . if your card has multiple partitions containing data , repeat the previous two steps for each of them . use gparted ( or whatever tool of your preference ) to drop and re-create partitions as needed , and re-create the file systems repeat steps 3-5 , reverting source and target ( to get your data back on the sdcard ) unmount your sdcard , safely remove it from the computer , put it back into your android device , and enjoy ! if everything went fine , and all data is available on your device as hoped , optionally remove the " backup directories " created in step 3 . job done : )
i took the phone to two different verizon stores , talked to phone support , and even got a replacement- to no avail . finally i installed the sound manager app and set it to " vibrate whenever possible " . this fixed the problem !
yes , an ebook from android market ( in google books ) has a different format from the kindle . it would seem that you can obtain google books in either epub or pdf ( more information here ) . amazon books are in the azw format . this comes down to personal preference . i have read books on both google books and kindle on my xoom ; i see little to no difference in quality . both can sync to my phone to keep my place . since you have a kindle fire , perhaps sticking in the amazon ecosystem would be a good idea , since you may wish to un-root in the future . there are a lot of pdf readers ; just recently the kindle software was updated to read pdfs . i personally use ezpdf pro for pdf files because of speed and its ability to remember my location in pdf files from read to read . this again , would be personal preference ; however i have loaded mobi into the kindle app without problems . the book acted like any other i had in regards to reading ( except it did not sync across devices and had to be manually uploaded to each of them ) . i would suggest looking at this question as well for more information on ereaders . so , the kindle app does what you want it to do overall ( books , pdfs , and mobi ) and also is a major part of the kindle fire amazon ecosystem they have setup for the device ; and may be the way to go if you decide to revert your fire to its un-rooted state . edit ( addition ) : amazon also seems to like releasing updates that un-root your device ( and prevent further known rooting methods - for now ) . source states that unless you have changed roms , you are susceptible at any time on wifi to get the update .
install dual file manager . this program lets you unzip password protected files .
i fixed it : ) in case somebody is in the same situation , here is what i did : i flashed my phone to its original rom using flashtool ( if u dont know how to use it go here ) thats it thanks everyone
rather than sleeping , i spent a few more hours experimenting . i found what works best for my needs is an ftp server app . for casual transfers , when both devices are connected to the same network , i will just transfer through my access point . with the limitations that implies . if i am not near an ap or just want full speed , i will deal with the hassle of setting of the wi-fi direct partnership and then launch the ftp server . it usually takes 3-5 tries before the devices connect , but once they do , ftp works stable and fast . furthermore , this solution also satisfies my secondary goal , of being able to use the same method to transfer files between android device and pc . now , there are a lot of ftp server apps out there . most are ad-supported , most are rather big as well . to my surprise , there is also quite a performance difference between them . i thought i would might as well shared my experience with the four ftp server apps i tested . . . required permissions none of the tested apps required ridiculous permissions . just the following special permissions : full network access modify or delete the contents of your usb storage modify or delete the contents of your sd card prevent tablet from sleeping prevent phone from sleeping in addition , andreas liebig 's ftpserver also required : read phone status and identity speed test setup the speed test was not exactly scientifically performed , but devices were in the exact same spots during tests . ftp server app running on nexus 7 filezilla ftp client running on windows 8 laptop both connected to the same 802.11n network . windows reported the link speed as 130 mbps ( i know this is not exact ) i downloaded the same 103,4 mib large file two times through each app test results all stats , numbers and other facts are as of march 30th 2013 . apps ordered by measured throughput , fastest on top . andreas liebig 's ftpserver price : free latest version : 2.4.0 ( 2013-03-26 ) size : 78 kb install base : 100.000 - 500.000 avg . rating : 4.6 android os requirement : 1.1+ comments : initial configuration required , not plug-and-play . detailed server log on main screen when service is running . no anonymous access possible ? throughput : 103.4 mib downloaded in 43 seconds @2.4 mib/sec , 103.4 mib downloaded in 47 seconds @2.2 mib/sec boby ertanto 's my ftp server price : free ( ad supported , ad-free version available ) latest version : 2.1 ( 2013-02-28 ) size : 1.2 mb install base : 50.000-100.000 avg . rating : 4.1 android os requirement : 2.2+ comments : simple interface . very basic settings . throughput : 103.4 mib downloaded in 48 seconds @2.2 mib/sec , 103.4 mib downloaded in 49 seconds @2.1 mib/sec the olive tree 's ftp server price : free ( ad supported , ad-free version available ) latest version : 1.11 ( 2013-01-14 ) size : 1.1 mb install base : 100.000 - 500.000 avg . rating : 4.4 android os requirement : 2.1+ comments : based on apache ftp server . simple interface . configurable port , home dir , username/password , service resillience , energy saving etc . throughput : 103.4 mib downloaded in 56 seconds @1.8 mib/sec , 103.4 mib downloaded in 56 seconds @1.8 mib/sec berserker 's ftpdroid price : free ( ad supported , ad-free version available ) latest version : 1.3.1 ( updated 2012-12-28 ) size : 2.0 mb install base : 50.000 - 100.000 avg . rating : 3.9 android os requirement : 2.2+ comments : based on pure-ftpd . simple interface . configurable port , home dir , username/password , service resillience , energy saving etc . troughput : 103,4 mib downloaded in 135 seconds @0,8 mib/sec , 103,4 mib downloaded in 121 seconds @0,9 mib/sec conclusion not only is andreas liebig 's ftpserver the only completely free of the apps tested , it is incredibly light weight ( 78 kb ! ) , can run on any android phone you can find but also has the fastest throughput of the apps tested . once the initial configuration is done , the main window simply displays your standard ftp server log , whereas other applications pretty much displays nothing but a few buttons and maybe the ip address and port of the server . thank you , andreas !
i would bring the phone to your carrier 's local store . if a different sim card from the same carrier works , then it is possible that your sim card is damaged or corrupted . the carrier may need to replace it for you . keep in mind that some carriers ( or authorized reseller outlets ) will charge you for this .
you can compare what your phone had with the emulator for your android version . the emulator is a pristine android , with no manufacturers modifications . it is arguable whether google-branded applications ( which are not included in the emulator ) , are stock apps or not ; but afaik google-branded apps are usually not modified by manufacturers since they were not open source and also google-branded apps are updated regularly by the market .
i believe this will fix it : go to settings , language and input , google or android keyboard settings then untick the box next to " sound on keypress " .
a family member also has the same device , and also uses hangouts , so i was able to copy the apn information from him . for any future reference , i got mms to work again by adding these recods to the google hangouts apn list . name : lte - verizon cbs mmsc : http://mms.vtext.com/servlets/mms mms proxy : not set mms port : not set mcc : 311 mnc : 480 and name : ehrpd - verizon cms mmsc : http://mms.vtext.com/servlets/mms mms proxy : not set mms port : not set mcc : 311 mnc : 480
i think i have found the solution to this . within settings -> power saving there is a setting for background colour for email and internet . turning this off seems to have solved my issues . my sanity has now returned !
i think that if you tap on the screen to set a place for the focus , you will gain some seconds for the effective shoot . it is also allow you to focus on a special part of the picture . i hope it is help .
you can turn off automatic update checking by pressing menu and than settings in the play store . you can then manually go to my apps to update them . this will not greatly increase the work you have to do , because even if there is a notification once a week it would still require you to confirm the updates . there is no option however to change the frequency of the automatic updates .
try seeing if you can login when you are in safe mode . boot into safe mode by holding down the power button to open the menu , then hold down the power-off button , and click " ok " when it asks you to reboot into safe mode . then attempt to login once the phone restarts , and re-enable the virtual keyboard . hope this helps .
here 's what i did . assuming you have set up the sync process : go to firefox on your pc , click Bookmarks in the top right corner choose Unsorted Bookmarks . this opened a new window for me where i could see a section called Mobile bookmarks that i had not seen anywhere else . click and drag this Mobile Bookmarks folder to either Bookmarks Toolbar or Bookmarks Menu , whichever you want it to appear under ( note : the Bookmarks Menu is what we clicked on to start this process , i advise you try both and see which you like best ) . profit . hope this helps !
start off by making sure that you are plugged into a usb 2.0 port . then , put the device in download-mode , $ sudo adb reboot download continue flashing with heimdall , $ sudo heimdall flash --recovery recovery . img that should work ,
according to the official knox website , samsung knox is tightly integrated into the operating system . it uses hardware support to verify the bootloader integrity , a custom bootloader to verify the os integrity , and a custom kernel at runtime . it changes the layout of the device 's filesystem to add separate encrypted storage for the business-related files . it also relies on hardware support through arm 's trustzone technology . depending on how much of the hardware support already exists on other samsung devices , it may be possible for samsung to later backport the knox feature for older samsung phones with a device update , but it is certainly not possible for anyone else to do so , not even by installing a custom rom . ( that would not add the bootloader support to ensure the rom is not changed later . )
judging by the reviews on various sites , this app is unlikely to solve your need to reboot after the connection gets screwed up ; users report the same thing occurring with the app . this thread is particularly relevant . it seems that " eduroam fixer " is just a configurator . in particular it allows you connect to eduroam by changing config files for you ; this is useful on some roms which ( for whatever reason ) do not allow you to properly set the certificate through the interface . i am not 100% clear on the details , but the people in that thread consider it a security risk .
the stock messaging app will automatically save a draft message when you tap on the back button while composing the message , but the recipient field has to be filled . without a recipient it will give a warning that the message will be deleted . there are a lot of good alternatives . i have no experience with them myself ( i am using the stock app ) but a lot of people seem to like handcent , go sms pro or chompsms . just search the internet for reviews .
it will be stored in the root of your device ( /sdcard ) . if you plug your phone into a computer and access the phone you should see it like this : ( this is on my nexus 7 but it will appear the same )
encryption is a fairly cpu intensive process , so using more battery is not unexpected . though it depends a lot upon the apps you use and how much they read/write to the storage . i would expect that an ' idle ' xoom with encryption would last just as long as one without , but if you use an app that does lots of little writes to disk , it will end up using more cpu . the encryption happens at the block layer . this means that small writes to the disk require a read , a decrypt , an update , and then writing the block back . i do not see any useful stats about the actual cpu overhead . ( android is using the ' dm-crypt ' module of the linux kernel to do the disk encryption . )
as it says : " root on xyz " means xyz is a pre-condition for this rooting instructions ( so yes , it must already be on the device ) " install xyz " means , well , to install xyz ( whether it already was on the device or not ) .
beautiful widgets installs a bunch of individual widgets that can be used . the one with the clock and weather is the " superclock " ( or " beautiful home " , maybe ) widget . it sounds like you just need to select " beautiful weather 4x1" when picking a widget ( unless the lock screen widget thingy does not give that choice - is that the case ? ) .
you can see the advantages from the developer 's home page . superuser elite is the premium version of superuser . it unlocks several premium features within superuser , including : pin protection  secure your superuser prompt with a pin number so that nobody but you can grant superuser rights to apps access timeout  allow an app to maintain superuser rights for a set amount of time , so that you can allow certain apps access without having to remember them or press allow multiple times ghost mode  hide superuser from your app tray and home screen . with ghost mode activated , the only way to launch it is by dialing a secret code into the dialer . the default secret code is *#*#787378737#*#* , but it can be set to whatever you want . note that this feature will probably be disabled if your device does not have a dialer ( tablets specifically ) . advanced log management  set the log to only store a certain number of entries before deleting the oldest entry . you also gain the ability to set certain apps to not log at all . advanced notification management  set which apps send notifications and which apps dont toast notification placement  if you choose to use toast notifications instead of status bar notifications , you gain the ability to set where the notification will appear ; top , bottom , or center of the screen , or the default location
i am not sure about the optical mouse specifically , but cyanogenmod does give you the option to alter the behavior of the various capacitive/hard buttons on the phone to some extent . in Settings-&gt;CyanogenMod Settings-&gt;Input you can set the long-press behavior of the home and menu buttons , and completely change the behavior of the search button . what i have typically done is set the search key ( or long-pressing the search key ) to open up the voice search app . you could substitute the voice dialer or anything else you wanted if you set it up this way , with the trade-off being that you lose the default search functionality ( in my case it is okay because i never use the search button ) .
early promotional material for the galaxy s said that it had an fm transmitter . samsung later removed this from the list of features . some models , such as the i9000 , have a fm receiver . it appears other versions also have a receiver that is not supported by drivers ; this xda thread has more details . your best bet is to get an fm transmitter than plugs into the headphone jack , or to use bluetooth .
it sounds like your clock is 4 minutes fast . check to see if your phone is getting its time from the network ( on gingerbread , it is settings/date and time , not sure about cm 7.2 ) . if you are getting time from the network , try disabling automatic updates and set the time manually to a source like time . gov or time . is .
use chrome beta for android . it is made by google to test out new features . no root is required and can be installed side by side with the original google chrome app . by default , chrome beta for android will prompt you for a translation when you visit a site . the app can be found on google play . also , if you use the same google account on your phone and in your pc browser , you can install the app from your pc without having to search for it on your phone . it will automatically install .
you can access them through the group " starred in android " in gmail
android syncs to gmail , contacts , and calendar nearly effortlessly . it seems like in your case it is outlook that is the problem child . do you need to sync contacts with outlook too ? if not , a one-time export/import from outlook to gmail should meet your needs . i would say have outlook sync with google and have the phone sync with google . syncing the phone to outlook too will probably duplicate data and/or leave gaps in your data .
strange that clearing the data did not fix it . however , you should be able to click on each of the apps that are pretend-downloading and hit cancel .
if i remember well : in the language and input settings click the settings icon next google keyboard . you can then change the input languages settings and select multiple languages . finally go the advanced settings there should be a way to enable a key that allows you to easily switch your input method when typing ( from memory it was by holding the space bar ) bon courage !
so , i have figured out myself what caused the problem , thanks anyway : i tried uninstalling some apps i installed before and looks like " business calendar free beta " caused this problem . after i removed it , it works just fine and normal . and i did not liked it anyway and i think the standard app is good for me .
voice search is the name of the voice interaction app created by google . it allows you to search your phone and the web using your voice . voice actions is a specific feature of the voice search app that allows you to perform actions on your phone using your voice ( such as calling someone , launching your music player , getting directions , etc ) . voice search supports a variety of locales but the voice actions component is only available for a subset of those ( originally us english only , though i believe it has since expanded ) . if you have a separate app named " voice commands " then it is most likely developed by a third-party . i know some verizon phones , for instance , ship with an app named " voice commands " and bottom of the app displays Nuance Communications copyright 2003-2011 .
home screen shortcut we believe it is an android bug . in fact , as i could confirm on a custom build , adding FLAG_ACTIVITY_SINGLE_TOP fixed the problem for home screen shortcuts , despite its documentation indicating pretty the opposite , as below . we find those docs very poorly written , at least . according to the developer , this fix is going to work as long as main app activity stays on top ( that is , editing a sync job then pressing home button for tapping icon again is not going to work ) . if set , the activity will not be launched if it is already running at the top of the history stack . tasker and autoshortcut for some reason , the above fix does not work in autoshortcut . i do not know how different the intent sent by this plugin is from that of the home screen shortcuts . either way , i have reported the problem to the developer . regardless , i also just have set up a direct intent configuration in tasker , instead of using autoshortcut , as follows : action : com.bv.wifisync.run extra : itemId:&lt;id&gt; ( see below ) package : com.bv.wifisync class : com.bv.wifisync.Hosts target : Activity you have to replace &lt;id&gt; with the actual number of the job you want to run . in my case , 1 points to my computer , meaning it will run all of its jobs . knowing the actual number seems just like counting from top to bottom , but in case this fails , here 's how i have found it ( android sdk and grep required on desktop ) : enable debug mode on the phone . connect phone to computer 's usb . run adb logcat &gt; temp.log . start syncme . cancel the adb command . run grep "Validated job" temp.log , this should show you the ids .
after quite some time a friend of mine goofed around and actually found the fix : cyanogenmod settings > display > automatic blacklight in here enable ' use custom ' and then look at the values in ' edit other levels . . . ' . the levels you want to edit are either the ones under ' buttons ' which are the values for the backlight of the soft keys ( home , menu , back and search ) and the values under ' keyboard ' is for the keyboard backlight . a value of 30 is standard for the ' buttons ' and the values for the ' keyboard ' are only 0 or higher than 0 . ( even though you can choose values between 0 and 255 , it does not seem to matter visibly . )
i do not think that developer released a version of that rom that is compatible with your device so my advice to you would be to go to the optimus 2x forum and find a jelly bean rom there or you can check out this link other roms :
go to : settings > wireless and networks > mobile networks . make sure the " data roaming " checkbox is unchecked . that will keep you from roaming accidentally , since you will have to enable it . if you want to enable it and use roaming lightly , there are some apps in the market that will track your data usage for you . however , in my experience roaming abroad has been so expensive that even roaming for a few minutes of data is not worth it . i usually either try to find a public hotspot or get a prepaid sim card with data .
off in the world of real computers , with very fast memory and orders of magnitude slower storage--hard disks--there is the concept of virtual memory . basically , each application gets what seems like a very large amount of memory , an address space . behind the scenes , this address space is broken up into pages that are transfered between real , fast , memory and a part of the hard disk called swap space ( i.e. . slow memory ) by the operating system and as needed . in linux , this swap space can be one or more specially formatted partitions and/or one or more files , or swap files . the operating system is smart enough to keep track of where it is storing what . it also ensures that before a program tries to read/write from a place in memory , that the page being accessed is first moved to real memory . for example , if you are using your word processor and open 10,000 documents , exhausting main memory , some of the less recently accessed documents may be transfered the swap space to give way for the ones you just opened . if you switch over to your browser , perhaps all of the memory used by the word processor will be shunted to the swap , replaced by the working-state of the browser . again , this is done automatically by the operating system , with no real involvement from programs . according to your programs , they are running on a machine with a very large amount of memory . according to the user , when this swapping occurs , there will be brief delays as the operating system moves data between the two types of memory . back in the windows 95 days , it was pretty clear when the swapping was occurring as the hard disk light would be pretty much solid for a few seconds . so , fast forward to phones . on a phone running android , there is usually no hard disk . instead , you have main memory--ram , or that fast memory mentioned above--and some form of non-volatile storage . it turns out that type of memory is slower than ram , but not nearly as slow as a hard disk . although it would be tempting to use some or all of this non-volatile storage as swap space , i suspect manufacturers and google , observed that one property of this non-volatile storage is that it degrades with repeated writes , and so opted not to use it . this means that instead of having seemingly limitless memory , activities on android only have access to ram . when the android framework tries to start an activity and the operating system says sorry , out of memory , android responds by killing activities until it has reclaimed enough memory . this is why you notice dolphin browser actually reloading pages when you switch from and then back to it : whatever you switched to tried to use so much memory that android had to start killing activities . so , swapper . what swapper does is dig into the operating system and re-enable virtual memory by creating a swap file on your sd card and telling the os about it . the os then makes all programs ( including the android framework ) feel that they each have a lot of memory , and handles moving data between real memory and the swap file . this is why dolphin does not get killed as frequently with swapper enabled . as the swapper page on google play explains , this could have a detrimental effect on whatever non-volatile memory the swap file is placed on . if you are using an sd card , when you start getting write/read errors , you can just swap it out . if you are using a phone with built-in non-volatile memory , it is a different story . i am not 100% sure what sort of impact repeated writes has to this sort of memory , but it is a risk you should be aware of .
you can find all of the stock kernel versions at the wikipedia android version history page . it has the kernel version for each version of android ; it is at the end of the descriptions of each android version . table from wikipedia : note : other distributions of android might run different kernel versions . anyone is welcome to correct and expand this table . please keep formatting .
the serial interface you see is a qualcomm diag interface . it has nothing to do with adb/fastboot . it can be used to recover the phone though by flashing the proper bootloader . you will need to use qualcomm tools like qpst and find the proper flashing image in qpst format .
beyondpod ( $7 but well worth it ) will do everything you mentioned in your question . i have tried doggcatcher and a slew of free apps and i have found beyondpod to be the best . you sort you podcasts from newest to oldest , or oldest to newest , or longest to shortest , or shortest to longest . you can also break them up into categories which i find helpful . also , it is very good at remembering you place . i regularly start one podcast then switch to another , then another and find that i can always return to the unfinished shows without losing my place . there are also numerous autoupdate and auto delete options . you can set certain categories of feeds update on a certain schedule . you can set the auto delete globally , on the category level or at the podcast level , telling it to delete podcasts of a certain age , or tell it to only keep so many podcasts , or delete after listening . its also easy to mass delete all " listened to " podcasts with just two clicks .
the advantage that atrix currently has is that the hdmi out can display up to a 1280x1024 resolution , plus the dock provides full function usb keyboard and mouse . some of the other androids do have hdmi out , however they only mirror the lower resolution of the phone display ( if at all ) most of them only output pictures or videos . the atrix does the best job of providing access to a virtual desktop without compromise . disclaimer : citrix worked with motorola on the atrix solution
i think you need to adjust the settings in the google maps application that control this . launch maps and press the overflow menu icon ( the three dots in the bottom right on vanilla android ; you may need to access your settings slightly differently on other devices with custom ui skins ) , then go to Settings =&gt; Location settings and scroll down . you should see a subsection labeled " check-ins": if you also want the cards for nearby places to be hidden then you can do that in google now 's settings . select Settings =&gt; Google Now =&gt; Places and turn those cards off .
these guys recommend isyncr as a solution . cons : it is not free , and it will not sync copy-protected content .
the solution i use for similar situation is trekbuddy . i am sure you will discard the idea of using this app if you did not understand it well . hence , read through its description in its play site and their forums . it requires little homework before any such serious use . but once you know your way ( pun intended ) through the application , it will be a breeze . with this app , you can plan your route on computer export it as gpx and together with few mp3 files you can create a turn-by-turn pre-planned navigation . be aware that if you miss your turn this will not reroute you back . you have to see the map that and continue either on the new route or try to join the pre planned route . to know about its other uses , take a look at my answer for the question " how to import gps coordinates track for using offline " you may also try osmand . you can create a pre planned route and export as gpx file . osmand can be configured to use this pre defined route . i could not get my head through the options and configurations to make this work . but from reading its help , i understand that this can do the above and even reroute in case if you miss your turn . personally , i like trekbuddy for its simplicity and its many features as i described in my answer to the other question . if you happen to succeed with osmand , please share your procedure with us . update : after reading through the forum pages of trekbuddy , i finally figured out how to use a pre planned turn by turn navigation feature and i tried today to ensure it is working . the steps involved are ( from scratch ) : install trekbuddy either from playstore or from their download link . run the app with gps switched on . press Menu and press Start and wait for gps fix . if gps fix is a success you will see the cross hair at your location in the world map . to display a map , you have to download raster map tiles from the service provider . these tiles are to be placed in a particular format and an application called mobac comes for rescue . this app creates such map tiles , indexes and even compress . various map sources like openstreetmap , opencyclemap , google maps* , google terrain* , google earth satellite* , yahoo maps etc can be used . explaining how to create a map will be bit out of scope here , and i will leave it to a rare tutorial available here in german . assuming you had successfully created a tarred atlas ( collection of map tiles as said above ) , you have to place the .TAR file and its subfolder inside \mnt\sdcard\Trekbuddy\maps folder . to load the map , press Menu button and touch Maps option and select the *.Tar file . depending on how you had layered the atlas , layers might appear in the next screen and if so , select a layer . trekbuddy might prompt you to mark this as default atlas . if acceptable click Yes and you will save all this step doing again . one map is loaded , you can ensure it by tapping any where in the screen , which will show the cross hair on your location in the map as identified by the gps . in your computer plan a route and mark turning points as waypoints . as an example , in this following image six waypoints are marked as wpt1 . . wpt6 . in computer , using a text editor , create a gpx file with following template . place the gpx file created as above in \mnt\sdcard\Trekbuddy\wpts folder . place sound files in amr format ( mp3 not tested ) in \mnt\sdcard\Trekbuddy\sounds folder . the file name of these files should be as mentioned in the gpx file . and finally , in trekbuddy app , press Menu , Navigation , Waypoints and choose the above gpx file . then choose the final waypoint , in this case wpt6 and press menu again and choose NavigateTo . when you start moving approach wpt1 , the sound assigned to wpt1 will be played . the setting Settings-&gt;Navigation-&gt;Wpt Proximity determines the proximity radius . the value is in meters and when the current gps position is within this imaginary circle , the sound will be played . i believe it has been discontinued since mobac version 1.9 onward due to legal pressure . old versions are not officially available but are still at large .
there is a " message format " setting located at settings > [ account ] > sync settings > message format . the choices available are " html " and " plain text . " not sure whether that will necessarily solve your particular problem , but perhaps try giving that a shot .
first , there is nothing like the rooting process . you partly answered your question yourself : rooting a device can be done in different ways . the two best known methods include : using an exploit ( superoneclick and co do this : you install an app , klick it , and get rooted ) via a custom recovery ( which is directly bootable and thus can access the device directly , so you can install any rom -- which in turn may already be rooted ) so answering your question : yes and no -- it all depends on how you root your device . listing up all possible exploits might get a bit lengthy , so better let 's skip that part . you might also check the questions in the " related " section of this page for more details ( especially what are the steps for rooting an android device , in general ? ) .
it is not detectable , but using tethering on android with an second device leaves a lot of traces : user-agent headers within http that come from non-mobile browser increased traffic consumption connection to services that are not available on android/smartphone devices ( e . g . world of warcraft ) and many more i can not think of atm . but i have never heard of a carrier that goes for a trial , even if it is a violation of services from most carrier contracts . imho mobile carriers have other problems at the moment , like overall increased mobile data traffic because of the smartphone boom . these is currently handled by soft limits of data traffic , that when reached only allow traffic over 2g connections . or , to answer your second question , if you buy a smartphone from some carriers , the build in tethering function is locked and not usable .
you should flash the rom first , unless you need root in order to flash it . ( you can flash via odin without root , but you need rom manager , which needs root , or something to flash if you do not use odin ) . when you flash a rom that is rooted , your device will be rooted ; if the rom is not rooted , the device will not be rooted . you need root to make a full backup . see how to backup an android device ? if you root first , you can install a custom recovery ( e . g . clockworkmod , via rom manager ) that will let you create a nandroid backup of the full rom . that said , with a samsung device you do not need to do this . you can use a tool called odin to reflash the original firmware as long as you have found it for download somewhere . if you need more details on anything i have mentioned , i suggest searching first -- we have lots of questions on rooting , backups , nandroid / clockwork / rom manager , and odin . see also how do i root my device ? , which has some info on considerations and things you can do before rooting .
yes , you can check the SHA1 or MD5 checksum . you did not specify which rom you are downloading . let 's have a look at the nexus stock roms : https://developers.google.com/android/nexus/images#mantaray there is a download link and a version number and checksums listed like that : version : 4.2.2 ( jdq39 ) link : https://dl.google.com/dl/android/aosp/mantaray-jdq39-factory-d79f489e.tgz md5: b7a1162fb4e617143306ef6c4ca6c040 sha1: d79f489e1001d183b31d8a407b47cd5b8e9505cd to verify a checksum you can do it via command line : $ md5sum mantaray-jdq39-factory-d79f489e.tgz b7a1162fb4e617143306ef6c4ca6c040  or : $ openssl sha1 mantaray-jdq39-factory-d79f489e.tgz SHA1(mantaray-jdq39-factory-d79f489e.tgz)= d79f489e1001d183b31d8a407b47cd5b8e9505cd  if it matches with the one stated at the google page , you can assume the file is not corrupted or modified . note : linux , macos , windows the terminal commands only work out of the box in macos or linux . to verify checksums in windows there is a tool by microsoft called checksum integrity verifier .
the tablet with the cpu you mentioned ( asus memo pad me172v ) is a single-core device . more info on the cpu can be found here . wondermedia technologies , a subsidiary of via technologies , has unveiled the prizm wm8950 , a single core cortex a9 processor running up to 800 mhz with a mali-400 gpu .
the -12 failure code indicates INSTALL_FAILED_OLDER_SDK , meaning that the app was built for - and requires - a version of android that is newer than the version you have on your device ( source ) . for example , you should get this error if you had an android 1.6 device and tried to install an app which required android 2.1 ( or higher ) . you would need to either : update your device to a newer version of android somehow , or ask the app developer if it is possible to build the app for an older version of android .
i realized that i am going on and on in comments for no real reason but perhaps this is better suited for an answer . the only honeycomb build i am aware of for the tab is this one on xda ( there are two versions , gsm and cdma ) . it is , for all intents and purposes , a bleeding-edge attempt to get honeycomb running on the tab . the developer refers to it as an " alpha " and essentially says to expect things to be buggy . since there is no public source code for the 3 . x releases of android yet , the build is based on an extracted image/filesystem from the android sdk , meaning that it is not optimized for the tab and probably lacks 3rd party drivers ( excepting any official 2.2 drivers that happen to be compatible with 3 . x ) . the gsm thread lists the following as " not working " under the current build , meaning this is the minimum you should expect to lose : in general , builds like this show up on devices when a new major release appears in the sdk but they tend to be fairly unstable and also fairly slow . the videos i have seen of this rom appear a bit more performant ( in general ) than other sdk ports i have encountered , but your experience may vary . as for restoring , the " factory reset " option does not usually touch system files on most devices , from what i know . it is possible i am mistaken on this and that the tab does actually restore the firmware , but i am not incredibly familiar with the tab . you will probably want to do a little digging to see what a " factory reset " actually means ( might be in your manual , perhaps ) . that being said , there are instructions for getting a verizon tab back to stock here , and there might be similar ones floating around for other carriers . if you can get a custom recovery on to your device then you can simply back up your system before trying honeycomb and then restore from the backup . the easiest way to do it is probably just to install rom manager and flash clockworkmod recovery from there . there appear to be manual instructions about but they vary by carrier . personally speaking : i would not use an sdk port for anything other than showing off to people ( which can admittedly be a whole lot of fun ) . in a production environment i definitely would not risk it , and i honestly never kept them installed for more than about 30 or 45 minutes at a time to play with before restoring to a stable rom . they were fun sneak-peaks , but i have always found them highly unreliable ( though " your mileage may vary " is probably a good catch phrase here ) . edit : a word of caution to wifi tab users , this post on one of the honeycomb threads indicates that the current roms ( as of 6/19/2011 ) will not work on a wifi tab . i personally can not verify the validity of this statement , but this would not surprise me as other devices ( e . g . the xoom ) have similar incompatibility among roms .
read an article at this location http://www.anandtech.com/show/4502/tmobile-g2x-review-gingerbread-infused/9 seems to be a software problem . imho root and flash cyanogen or install the rom after reading in xda
generally for video out , you can connect them to your tv to get an even larger screen , for example , to watch videos . or you might be able to use it for doing presentations on a projector , instead of using a laptop .
stock keyboard ( as well as most 3rd-party keyboard apps ) has both auto-correct and auto-completion ( a . k.a. " suggestions" ) built in . access the keyboard settings via settings -> language and input -> android keyboard . from there you can enable and fine-tune the auto correction and suggestion options .
this probably depends on the device , as devices with custom uis ( touchwiz , sense , motoblur ) will have different email applications . on cyanogenmod ( and i believe vanilla android ) you simply tick the checkmark next to the message or messages you want and the button slides in from the bottom .
you most likely have a hotspot timeout setting enabled . you can disable it by going to your advanced hotspot settings , and editing the timeout value to never . note that in some versions of android in order to access the advanced hotspot settings you need to first access the wifi hotspot settings and then press the phone 's menu button .
yes , you can actually use doubletwist in combination with tunesync ( or tunesync alone ) to sync with itunes although you are limited to songs that are not drm'd by apple . you can also do it without any app on your phone with notpod ( windows only ) . the only drawbacks that i am aware with either of these are not being able to use drm and people have reported some unreliability . the problem in general with syncing android with itunes is that it may work today but if apple changes something in an update you may get locked out until someone comes up with another work around . if you are all android now , i would recommend on cutting itunes out of the picture all together . edit : here 's a couple other options i have come across that are pretty awesome : dazzboard isyncr wifi add-on . you need an app and a desktop client . the app costs a little but the desktop software is free . this one seems like the coolest option so far . edit 2: i happened upon another app . . . music withme : syncs your phone itunes over wifi or 3g . it does not stream the music , it download it to your phone . also , i do not think it can handle drm'd tracks . it is little pricey at $15 , especially with the currently less than stellar reviews , but it may be one to watch .
i found a pre-installed app on the htc wildfire transfer data that transferred all contacts and sms from the old sonyericsson phone , it was exactly what i needed .
as mentioned on it is wikipedia page , android 's core is developed in c and c++ , and java is used for the ui . you can see this for yourself if you browse the android source code . for example , omapzoom . org provides the source for browsing without the need to downloads gigabytes of data .
unfortunately there is no way to make text left-aligned with ankidroid . see the issue in our bug tracker , feel free to " star " it to receive notifications about its progress .
gmail will ask you to login again if it detects change of sim card . gmail does not store your credentials in internal memory unencrypted . phone has to be rooted to read from internal memory . your phone can not be unlocked without the correct graphical pin combination .
problem with most log files is : they do not survive a boot , as they are stored on tmpfs ( a temporary file system in ram ) . so once you have to boot , they are gone . leaving your best chances to some app capturing the log and saving the capture to sdcard . as far as i know , alogcat is capable of that . an alternative is to send the log to another machine ( such as a pc ) via wifi , which can be done using logcat udp . the so-captured log might not directly mention the cause ( as the freeze probably keeps the final bytes from being sent/written ) , but at least it should yield some useful information of what was going on at the time of the freeze . some other sources you might want to check : where are log files located on android ? how can i view and examine the android log ? plus check the " related " section to the right of this page : )
it was beacause i power it up via usb . it sets it is own clock speed to 300mhz . when i power it up via 5vdc power supply , it runs on 1ghz .
i have not tested it out , but try the wifi file explorer by dooblou . here 's the link : http://www.pcworld.com/appguide/app.html?id=648691expand=false sounds like it should do the job you are looking for .
you can try handbrake - a multiplatform open-source video transcoder . it has quite user-friendly graphical interface , and supports different device profiles ( you can roll your own as well ) . as to what settings to use on your xoom : here someone managed to find the correct settings to make their xoom play the transcoded video . some extra googling would probably give you additional information how to set the device profile in handbrake -- seems a lot of people are trying to transcode video on this tablet .
no , unfortunately you can not have your cake and eat it too . at least not by just using the native dialer . android will only choose a ringtone based on caller id . there is the option of setting up sip droid or grooveip for the sole purpose of ringing for an incoming call . you could continue to forward gv to your cell as well as the second number picked up by those apps , and you would simply know they are calling your gv number because that app is ringing . a bit hacky , as you have two apps ringing ( native dialer and the second app you chose ) , but it is an option . i think they can be set up to reject a call after a few seconds , so you would note that they rang for a couple seconds , then pick up the native dialer knowing it is coming via gv . if you have a good enough connection , you could disable forwarding gv to your cell and instead only forward to your chat client ( which is used by grooveip or sip droid ) . then you would set that program to make a different ringtone , and you would have the person 's correct caller id . but it means your call goes over data , which can be less reliable .
red when plugged in - charging green when plugged in - charging complete . red when not plugged in - low battery warning blue - audio is recording or you have a notification waiting .
you need to press the vol down and power buttons together , and hold them for a second or so . some users report that it works better if you press both buttons simultaneously , as opposed to one after the other in sequence .
as the screenshot clearly shows , the app to take screenshots and the app to indicate the battery level never got closed . yes your are absolutely correct , even it display no of application are closed it actually free resources used by application . as per my understanding it closes some running services which are nothing but ui less applications . some applications which are installed in device uses this service for many reasons such as alarm clock , or to check periodic update of an applications etc . there are some service though that even you close them manually they just get restarted .
usually if you long press on the downloading item in download manager there is an option to delete it , thus stopping the download . if this does not work you can clear the download manager 's data . Settings -&gt; Apps -&gt; All Tab -&gt; Download Manager  here press force stop , than clear data . now reboot .
note : attempting fastboot flash on ur device may cost you your data . so be careful i figured out that i had an outdated android sdk . i downloaded the latest one , and did : fastboot flash boot fastboot flash recovery fastboot flash userdata and in a couple of minutes i had the stock rom up and running .
the best method is the manual diy method :d step 1: drain your battery by using it normally until it turns off by itself step 2: power-on your phone , if it wakes up and you see some power left , do step 1 step 3: if phone is now drained to the point it can not wake up , charge it to 100% step 4: once fully charged , power-on phone , and charge it again . leave it until completely charged step 5: unplug , use , and enjoy . this makes the phone remember the minimum and maximum voltage , discharge rate and other factors that constitute the battery capacity warning : do not do this frequently ! it will put strain on li-ion batteries that majority of phones use now . do this if and only if you are noticing shutdowns on yellow battery bar , cannot charge 100% , and erratic battery capacity display . but still i do this once a month to keep my battery calibrated .
it is a system service , not a standalone application . it is " google play services " . can not uninstall system services without root privileges . if you do so with root privileges it may cause problems with google play . settings > apps > all > click on google play services and uninstall updates will work , but it will uninstall only updates . it will update automatically again by google .
you should check your usb connection mode . this can be found in Settings -&gt; Wireless and network -&gt; USB Settings . this should be set to Mass storage to access the memory card . alternatively , you can use the debugging mode by selecting Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Development -&gt; USB debugging . after this plug your phone in to the usb , open the notification bar and tap the usb debugging notification to get to mount your drives .
with google now/voice actions i do not think there is any way to do this . some actions will happen automatically after a short delay ( "note to self . . . " is one i know offhand ; there may be others ) , but text messaging requires you to actually press the " send " button on the card that pops up . however , you could try a third-party app for these specific functions that you had like to be completely hands-free . dragon works a bit more closely to siri , acting in a conversational manner , and will prompt you for a " yes/no " to send a message in a very similar fashion . skyvi is another option you could try , which will send text messages automatically after a 5 second delay ( during which time you can press a " cancel " button to stop the sending ) .
install an app called audiomanager . it has separate vibrate checkboxes for alerts and ringer . setting the checkbox for alerts fixed the issue for me .
fyi the cyanogenmod 10 is the first update with the code to detect an invalid imei . you could already have an invalid imei and do not know about it . the issue with an invalid imei is that you may have emergency calling problems ( inability to do emergency calls ) . confirm imei does the imei reported match the number under your battery ? dial *#06# and the imei will be presented on your screen . possible solution from this code . google . com thread , the user at comment 5 managed to solve the issue : steps i took to solve the problem : flash my phone by odin to version 2.2.1 update to cm9 using recovery with stabile version od cm9 http://download.cyanogenmod.com/get/jenkins/5805/cm-9.0.0-galaxysmtd.zip update to cm10 using last version of kernel . i used cm-10-20120822-nightly-galaxysmtd . between steps i did wipe data/factory reset and wipe cache partition . now my imei is correct . after cleaning the phone and updates do cm10 i recommend installing gapps-jb-20120726-signed , because your phone will be clean as a baby after birth .
apparently , this might not be a built-in security option in the os itself , but exchange activesync can enforce this requirement .
you can do factory reset under such case . go to settings -> sd and phone storage -> factory data reset . i do not think an app without root can do it as apps are limited in their own sandbox .
this is more of a linux question , and it may need to be moved to superuser . se , but i can answer it . on linux , you string commands using &amp;&amp; ( or || or just ; ) . with &amp;&amp; , the first command must finish executing and have no error codes in order for the next command in the sequence to run . in your setup , it looks like you want to open an adb shell , and then run netcfg rndis0 dhcp on the adb shell . however , linux does not do that . instead , it is waiting for the adb shell to exit without errors , after which time it will run netcfg rndis0 dhcp on the desktop computer 's shell . if you want to run a command on the android device , you do not start an interactive adb shell ( the default ) ; rather , you pass the command like so : adb shell netcfg rndis0 dhcp you will need to change your alias for n to be a variable instead . remove the alias directive so the line just reads n='netcfg rndis0 dhcp' . then change your alias for t to be as follows alias t='r and and sh $n '
a search of the play store for the phrase " game services " finds about 20 games at the moment . additionally this google docs spreadsheet lists many games with game services integration : https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/lv?key=0aitefls7rhjydfzgufq5mfliu2iznfpmqtazc0jhmk
the system app , performancemanager . apk has the line hello world , pmeasyview ! in the resources . arsc file . this does not appear to be malware , just a mistake that this appears to some users with the motorola task / performance manager .
this is because the device location is detected from the sim card in use . i am not sure how the web market location is detected . perhaps look at using a proxy . but if you wish your change your sim location check this out : https://market.android.com/details?id=ch.racic.android.marketenabler
edit : as per lie 's comment below , it looks to be us-only . the proxy site i use apparently changed to hosting in the uk :p i am in canada , and also tried from a us uk ( my bad ) proxy . it does not show up . a quick google search shows that the url for the page with the tablet apps should be https://market.android.com/details?id=apps_tablet_featured . using this link directly does not work either , whereas https://market.android.com/details?id=apps_featured ( the regular featured apps ) does . so i think google just had it up temporarily and took it down . or , if daniel can still see it , they are doing what google normally does : rolling out new features slowly , to only some users at a time .
using a higher current charger will not be a problem . the phone " pulls " current , rather than having the current " pushed " to it by the charger , so it will only take as much current as it wants , regardless of how much the charger is capable of supplying . by relation , there is no point in getting a charger with a current rating higher than your phone will accept . it is just a waste of money , as your phone will not make use of the extra capability . exactly how much current your phone will accept is usually unspecified and is generally only determinable by direct measurement ( i.e. . put a multimeter in the circuit ) , and thus generally is not practical to exactly determine for an everyday user . 1a chargers are fairly standard and would be completely adequate for almost any phone . chargers with more current than that are generally intended for tablets/phablets which have much larger batteries and will accept more current ( e . g . 10" tablets generally charge at around 2.5a ) . your phone will charge off those fine , but as i said above , just will not take advantage of the extra current capability you paid for .
now i have installed cyanogenmod 9 and this does not happen anymore . i do not think , this problem can be solved via settings of samsungs android version
the incredible 2 has a defective charging port that does not typically last a long time . it is an extremely common issue with this phone . chances are , this is what you are seeing . disclaimer : i have been using my current dinc2 for ~18 months and have not had this issue yet , but i did see it on a used phone i attempted to buy . anyway , my plan for if/when this does happen is : repair htc incredible 2 usb charge port the part is supposed to be $12 and takes an hour to do . if you are not comfortable doing it yourself , i would take it to a cell phone repair shop .
although difficult to generalize , in a pretty good number of cases , using a lock screen pin/password is not going to be sufficient to prevent someone from wiping your phone and/or flashing it with a new rom . it may be an effective enough deterrent to prevent them from accessing your personal data , but there are a few considerations that go along with that , as well . firstly , if the bootloader is unlockable , then there is effectively no way to prevent someone from reflashing the device . the fastboot utility will give them the ability to flash unsigned images once the bootloader is unlocked , and unlocking it will not be prevented by any userspace security ( like a pin/password or keeping usb debugging disabled ) . nexus devices always have unlockable bootloaders , so those are a given . for other devices , you can typically find out if your device has an unlockable bootloader by visiting the development portal of your manufacturer 's website . samsung devices will use odin/heimdall instead of fastboot ( excepting some outliers , like nexus devices made by samsung which also have fastboot ) , but you can generally find out if a samsung device will accept unsigned images via a bit of searching ( in many cases they will ) . some devices have other ways of accessing fastboot/recovery , some more esoteric than others . it is not terribly uncommon for there to be a key combination that will boot a device into its stock recovery system , which will provide some means of performing a factory reset , thereby removing any lock screen security that was configured on the device . another complication can be if the device recognizes a factory cable . the kindle fire , for example , would let you flash an unsigned image with a factory cable , meaning you could actually get a custom recovery installed without wiping the device . this would put all of your data at risk if the attacker was properly equipped and technologically savvy . there are probably other concerns that i am not considering here , as well , but these are the basic ones aside from bootloader exploits and the like , which are not really predictable in the long-term . in general , though , there is a saying about security which microsoft sums up as such : if a bad guy has unrestricted physical access to your computer , it is not your computer anymore . . . and that is a pretty accurate way of putting it for an android device . if your concern is securing your data then userspace security like a lock screen password , locked bootloader , and keeping usb debugging off are going to be great defenses . if you are looking to secure your device such that no attacker could make use of it , then you have got a significant uphill battle , and the odds of winning are going to be very slim ( and quite possibly zero ) . nb : for your specific scenario : the moto g is supported by motorola 's bootloader unlock program . therefore , userspace security will not prevent someone from resetting or reflashing your device .
google displays weather conditions using weather underground as per google web search features page . all weather conditions and forecasts are provided by weather underground , inc . so , google now also might be picking from the same source .
i ended up trying several things mentioned in the xda-developer thread : changing the networkmode from gsm / wcdma automatic to either gsm or wcdma , xda-users claimed that switching between these two modes is a huge battery drainer . in my experience this was the most important one . installing a widget , so i could check whether bluetooth and gps were really turned off . especially gps could run in the background , after using google navigation , without displaying the icon . turn off syncing for apps you do not really use or rate limit updates to a larger interval . you can always update manually and getting new contact info once a day is more than enough ! remove widgets that need regular updates , even though the sync setting should have control this . as i am using a htc sense phone , i turned off all their proprietary apps , i simply do not trust the power usage of things like footprints . if you apply all these settings , you should manage to get a full days worth out of your battery , unless you play too much angry birds .
here 's a link that covers some methods for changing the system font on some android phones without root , i do not know if it works on your phone as well : http://www.androidauthority.com/how-to-change-the-fonts-on-your-android-phone-32078/
this is not a miracle solution , but : when taking pictures indoor , keep in mind that android 's auto white-balance might make the wrong choice . look at the image on the screen , and if it feels unnatural , try manually selecting the incandescent or fluorescent settings . be aware that , at least currently , the nexus 4 camera does not compare favorably to the iphone 5 camera : on the nexus 4 , pictures tend to lack details , colors are washed out , and images lack contrast with both white and black leaning towards the grey . if you own a nexus 4 and find this disappointing , let me try to reassure you : first , it is not as bad as it sounds ; second , there is still a chance this can be improved with software ; third , do not forget your unlocked nexus 4 costs almost half the price of an unlocked iphone 5 . below are some pictures of the same scene i took with an iphone 5 and nexus 4 , so we can compare them side-by-side . this first shot was done indoor , in a low light , without a flash . left : iphone 5 ( original ) , right : nexus 4 ( original ) . this second shot was done outdoor . top : iphone 5 ( original ) , bottom : nexus 4 ( original ) .
this solution does not require any app : upload pictures by email to flickr . as a one-time setup , find your private flickr email address and i recommend you add it as a contact in gmail . then , from the gallery , share by email , and send it to your flickr email , optionally typing a description in the email subject . setup an ifttt rule to upload to facebook pictures you send to flickr . to make it simpler , you can reuse this recipe . benefits : you are not relying on any third-party app , and can use the standard android tools . you can queue images for upload ( sorting , entering descriptions , deleting locally ) , even if you are offline , say abroad with no wifi or data connectivity . the pictures will be queued in your email outbox and will be sent when you are back on the grid .
i have also seen the 3 scrolling types you mention below , but it always seemed to me that the 3rd one was more a bug than a feature . the htc desire ( which i have too ) is not known to have a great digitizer , the part of the screen that handles the finger positions and movements . furthermore , it is not " multitouch " , meaning it cannot handle properly more than 1 finger on the screen , although there are tries to support it but i have never seen it work constantly good . see this page for more proof . it is true that it would be a nice feature , maybe on other phones with a better touchscreen and a further version of android with more gestures supported . why not for example scrolling down with 2 fingers would trigger a super-fast scroll or a " go to bottom " action ?
basically the galaxy nexus does have a " virtual sd-card " that is not data wiped with the data factory reset from cwm but it is when wiped via stock recovery , for me the only option was to downgrade the phone to a stock version , as it locked and unlocked partition . but there are other ways to do it , but all of ' em includes formatting your " sd-card" ( sad ) .
the short answer is : no , they are not the same . the long answer is as follows : at least for dimensions , they are not exactly the same ( htc one xl , to the right , is a bit smaller ) also , from the comparison table you talk about : htc one x at and t would not support hsdpa 900 , while htc one xl does . htc one x at and t supports 4g network with lte 700 mhz class 17 / 1700 / 2100 , while htc one xl does it with lte 1800 / 2600 . htc one x at and t supports mini-sim , while htc one xl supports micro-sim . htc one xl has stereo fm radio with rds , while htc one x at and t does not . htc one xl has 32 gb internal storage , htc one x at and t has 16 gb internal storage . sources : left image : htc one at and t at htc us website right image : htc one xl at htc australian website
to do a factory reset , you should be able to go to Settings -&gt; Privacy and hit factory data reset . alternatively though , to just clear the sms data you should go to Settings -&gt; Applications -&gt; Manage applications and find the sms app ( "messaging " or similar ) and clear the data for it . there may also be something like " messaging storage " that you need to clear . if you really need to boot into recovery , i would try the following : hold power and volume down until the phone reboots or turns on hold the power button for two more seconds , then release it ( if the phone reboots again , you held it too long ) keep holding volume down until recovery mode appears
your best bet would probably be using a dlna server app ( this one , for example , though there are lots of others ) on one device and an appropriate player ( example ) on the other devices . not sure if it would work over a hotspot tether though , but there are free apps available for both ends , so it can not really hurt to try . edit : oh , misunderstood the question . that is about as easy . there are several apps on the store for running a camera server , like this one , for example . you then can use any compatible player to connect and view the camera feed
i am not sure what version of gmail you have , but the version i have ( along with android 4.1.2 ) allows me to " show pictures " in the message , then i have the option to " always show pictures from this sender " . the option in the settings is to " remove " the always show that you have set for any sender in the past . the only way to always show images is by first showing them for a sender , then select the always show . and afaik , this can only be done per sender .
do a hard reset , remove sim , set network type to wcdma preferred .
try Wiredog . it is new and you can find it on reddit in the top apps category .
i think the dimensions of different parts of the gui require changes in the framework-res . apk files in the internal system partition . this requires you to be rooted , of course . i have not seen any custom themes for custom roms that have a full screen portrait however .
hopefully this app is your answer : gm alarm as mentioned in google play , this app has different alarm sounds and you can select the option for random alarm sounds each day . and the alarm sound will not repeat as it maintains a history for previous alarm sounds . might be useful for you .
i doubt it . i have done the same with a gsm galaxy s ( the vibrant ) with no problems . of course it probably depends on whether you have a really terrible rom , but rooting alone should not matter . and it might be different for cdma . but worst case , you can just flash back to stock . my vibrant picked up the network settings on it is first boot with a sim , i would again assume your first boot-up after activation would cause the same thing . plus , if the custom rom is captivate-based and not i9000-based , it might have the network settings already built in ( and just need to pick up the phone number ) .
if you are using launcherpro go to your home screen , press Menu -&gt; Preferences -&gt;Backup homescreen &amp; settings to backup and Restore backup is in the same place . this can not restore your widgets but remembers their places though . also some app-specific shortcuts need to be recreated ( in my case , shortcuts to k-9 mail mailboxes ) .
sounds like hacker 's keyboard might be a good try for you . it does not have some of the rightmost keys ( insert , end , page up/down , also f1-f12 ) visibly displayed on the main layout , but they are available by pressing the " fn " key . here 's the layout on a tablet :
finally tracked down something official : https://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=48164
i was going to suggest cyanogenmod also , if that does not work or is not something you are interested in , you should try tasker http://tasker.dinglisch.net/ https://market.android.com/details?id=net.dinglisch.android.taskerm it pretty much can do just about anything you can think of without quite as much work as writing an app yourself .
last . fm picks up the intents apps like pocket casts and google music send to bluetooth devices , and hacks that into their scrobble implementation . i guess they figured google were never going to support them explicitly so that was their only way in . to stop pocket casts from scrobbling you had un-tick the google music option in last . fm . the fine people of pocket casts ( read : us ) are planning to put in a setting that turns off that bluetooth data , which would also turn off scrobbling . we looked into the last . fm api and there is nothing extra we can send to tell them to ignore us , which would be a better solution , since it would mean keeping the blue tooth meta data as well .
use evernote . it has a dedicated Page Camera feature for your purpose . you can continuously snap documents with it . if you are a premium user , keywords from your snapped documents will be indexed with ocr technologies ( which will be useful in searching ) . and , it works great ( i am a premium user and i have used it ) . if you are not , just buy premium subscription for 1 month . . . indexing continue to exist after 1 month ( but new documents will not be indexed ) .
what makes this easy is using tab-completion to complete the device id . type adb -s D0  and press tab . the plugin in your shell will run adb devices to find the full device id and complete it on the command line for you . you can then type in the rest of the command . adb is a tool for developers , and even developers do not usually run it by hand from the command-line : both the main android development environments ( eclipse-based and intellij idea-based ) have gui wrappers . there is not really a need for it to be any more user-friendly than it is .
the application bootloader ABOOT boots the android kernel/recovery kernel . it is the mechanism to download images onto the device from a host machine ( like windows/linux pc ) . on samsung devices it runs the odin protocol on the device . the primary bootloader boot part is a computer program that loads the main operating system or runtime environment for the computer after completion of the self-tests . the pbl acts as a communication engine to download the secondary boot loader ( sbl ) into the internal ram and then activates it . the sbl adds functions for erase and programming of flash memory and eeprom ; it also handles the actual download of new or updated software . this allows a minimum rom utilization by the pbl
it depends on the live wallpaper in question , but in general , the wallpaper only runs when the home screen is visible . since you are usually running an app or have the screen off , the live wallpaper has no effect most of the time : the extra battery use is limited to when you are looking at the home screen . this is not always true , though . some live wallpapers also run extra things . for example , the live wallpaper might periodically run in the background so that it can change its appearance based on your email inbox , or weather reports from the internet , or the accelerometer . for that reason , some live wallpapers might use quite a lot of battery . in that respect , live wallpapers are no different from any other app . if they are inefficient or do a lot of work , they will run your battery down quickly . if they are efficient and simple , you will not notice any extra battery use . unless reviewers comment on it , you will not know until you try .
search for profile in google play . you had find apps like : myprofiles quick profiles etc those are not my recommendations . it is up to you to see which one works best for you .
nxp 's nfc taginfo app can copy the text from a text record on a scanned nfc tag to the clipboard . there are other apps with similar functionality . copying text from text records on nfc tags is not something that is built into android without installing and running an app .
i think you need to buy one of these mhl to hdmi converters - it mentions that it specifically supports your device .
the hboot flash region is protected from accidental/unwanted/etc writes . you need an exploit most probably . i found this thread : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1486201
i have seen , with some of my apps that i have developed , a comment be there , and then later on , the comment is no longer visible . and it is not from me marking it as spam , as i have looked on other devices too , just to confirm . so it would look like that after " x " number of " spam/unhelpful " votes , it gets removed .
i am english , but a southerner with a fairly rp accent , and using voice recognition for google searching is pretty accurate for me . unfortunately this sounds like it is an accent thing . i know google offer their 411 directory voice service in the us , apparently one of the main benefits of this for them is that they can capture a huge amount of speech and use it to train their voice recognition with the words that people really use , in the accents they really use . until they start offering something like that over here i do not think their british regional accents are going to get better very quickly . update 15 dec 2010 : things are changing . google are starting to trial a new version of google voice that does personalised voice recognition and learns based on the way you pronounce words . unfortunately as it is a trial this for us android 2.2 users only at the moment , but hopefully it should be going out to the rest of the world if this trial is successful . if you are an english speaking android 2.2 user in the us , you can get the update here .
open the stock people app ( i.e. . navigate to your contact list ) > select the contact > select edit contact > select the camera icon in the top left corner . your options are gallery ( find an image already on your phone ) or camera ( take a picture of the contact ) . hope it helps !
kineto is the company that makes the wifi calling software that is present on some tmobile phones such as the g2 . unfortunately this software is poorly written . to make matters worse it is only possible to stop or remove the software if you root your phone . ( more accurately it is not your phone - it is tmobile 's phone to do with as they please . ) coincidentally i contacted kineto support yesterday to complain . if more people do that maybe it will get fixed . it constantly spews out log messages at the error level every second or so , despite the messages not being errors you cannot stop the software ( needs root ) and the constant logging still happens even if you disable wifi calling sometimes the software gets confused and you have to reboot the phone to get it working again they have not structured it like most android apps separating the user interface from the service it looks to me like they had an existing codebase that they ported to android hence its poor structure and operation .
" why " is not a question well suited for our site , as it probably is a speculative question and such off topic ( see our [ faq ] ) . although , a short technical explanation : the company building your rom decided such . " how can i disable them " would be better fitting , and even has answers : if you cannot disable them from settings&rarr ; apps&rarr ; manage apps , you will need to root your device . having done that , there are several apps available allowing you to " freeze " unwanted system apps . the most well-known of them is titanium backup which , as a side-effect , provides you with a powerful backup solution . another candidate for that is app quarantine root/freeze .
the fastest way i know is from the home screen click menu-> settings-> applications-> running services . there are some task manager applications , though from what i have read they may be more trouble than their worth as far as bugginess and/or eating through your battery quickly .
you need to get a stock rom of the same android version . in this case 4.2 jellybean , since its the base of cyanogenmod 10.1 . once you get the stock rom , you can open it with any zip viewer and get the apps you want from /system/app , then you just connect the phone via usb and adb push the apps to /system/app in the phone . be sure to wipe cache/dalvik and reboot to apply the changes . another easier way is if you have a nandroid of your last stock rom ( and its jb also ) . you can open the nandroid with winrar and get the needed apps from /system/app without searching for the stock rom .
yes , to an extent . i know there are apps that will create an ssh terminal . most likely there are other apps that can process other types of protocols . there are only few tablets that compatible with ubuntu ( at least work well with ) . the nexus 7 and/or 10 being a prime example . from what i hear , it works very well and is almost no different from the desktop version . in my opinion , from what you are looking for , i would get a nexus 7/10 and try out android os , and if it can not do everything you want it to , then install ubuntu .
this sounds to me like a similar problem i have had with duplicating images in the gallery . i fixed this by clearing the gallery data , and allowing it to rebuild next time the media scanner ran . i would suggest trying the same technique . i would imagine that whereas i deleted the data from the gallery app , you should try clearing data from the stock android music player , or failing that from poweramp . settings-applications-manage applications-all-gallery-clear data ( confirm ) . this does not delete your media itself , just the database that details where the media is . the media scanner will rebuild this database automatically next time it scans . it would be prudent to backup your phone contents before you try this .
i am pretty sure that : " wwe " stands for " world wide english " " ruu " is " rom update utility " " ara " means " arabic " ( which apparently is for " middle eastern devices" ) " ara " may mean " aramean " and since it is in the same spot that " wwe " is i would guess that it refers to the localization or language like " wwe " does , so " aramean " makes sense to me . as you can see the ruu is an executable . you will run on your computer while your device is connected through usb . the zip is usually installed via a recovery - however that is my experience with my htc evo and hero .
currently on the nexus-5 stock launcher the ' google experience launcher ' or ' gel ' for short , there is no way to customise the app picker / app drawer . you could install a free third party launcher such as nova launcher which i have checked and it has a ' list ' option , or apex launcher the potential downside to a third party launcher is you will lose the google now integration on the left most homescreen and the ok google functionality .
well , this took a long time . for future searchers , here 's what you can do : find your contacts2 . db file hidden somewhere in android . most of the time it is located in /data/data/com . android . providers . contacts/databases . i was lucky and found it in a search through titanium backups ' tarballs . nab that file . it has everything in it in a sql database . i then found this excellent script to extract and convert all contacts into a . vcf format for easy importing into the next device . it is located here on github and requires two dependencies ( on an ubuntu 12.04 machine in which it was written for ) : sqllite3 and libsqllite3-dev : sudo apt-get install sqlite3 libsqlite3-dev  after dependencies are satisfied , save the script on github as dbconverter . sh . mark it as executable : chmod +x dbconverter.sh  use the script like this : ./dbconverter.sh contacts2.db &gt; contacts2.vcf  you will then have a lovely . vcf file for easy importing into your phone .
it seems there is a further update to the xperia mini pro , probably 9.1 is way to go , might fix up that known issue . check on the cyanogenmod page for xperia mini pro .
the default reminder time is actually based on your calendar . if you open your calendar , open settings , and select general settings , " default reminder time " is near the bottom ( i am working from cyanogenmod 10 , but aosp/nexus devices should be similar ) . this controls the general notification time . the now functionality is separate , and ( from what i understand ) is based entirely on travel time . if your appointment has a destination that google recognizes , it will calculate travel time and pop up a card far enough ahead to allow you to meet that travel time and arrive on time . i am not positive if it factors in your reminder time into this or not , but it is possible that it is . if that is the case , it will notify you 10 minutes + travel time currently , and if you modify the calendar notification time , it should modify the now notification time . again , this is speculation based on how i understand now to function , but i believe it is fairly accurate based on my experience .
in google chrome for android , go to Settings &gt; Content settings &gt; Website settings . select the website in concern , and clear the data / cache for it .
why does every application run as a separate user ? because android enforces a far stronger process isolation as traditional ( desktop ) operating systems like unix , linux or windows , while still allowing interaction between applications ( ipc is one of the strengths of android ) secured by a good security model . if it is for security reasons , so that one application cannot harm another ? it is mostly for privacy reasons , but also comes in handy from a security perspective . the strong isolation of apps in android guarantees that no app can affect another app . why is it not like that in the desktop linux distros ? most modern desktop multi-user systems have the focus on isolating users . processes are also isolated , but not as strong as on android . for example , if you install a program on linux or windows , it will have full access to your private user data . on android , if not special permission is granted , it will have only access to its own data . a while ago , the fact that android apps that request the READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE permission also get access to the users pictures residing in /sdcard/DCIM was a big shop stopper . somehow , nobody seemed to remember that under a normal gnu/linux or windows installation , every installed app that is run by the user has full access to it is private data . android is a few steps ahead compared to traditional operating systems when it comes to permissions and access control for normal end-users . typical linux installations for end-users do not expose those features yet . likely because nobody has written nice , user-friendly guis for them . and if there will be ever another windows version after win8 , we likely see a similar permissions system there too .
this is a common problem with parents giving their phones for children to play with . see my answer here for some related information . essentially , it is a security problem . if i take away your right to use the back button ( or more importantly , the home button ) , then you can not quit my app and therefore i have hi-jacked your phone . therefore , the only way you are going to get around this is if there some method to do this with a rooted phone . or if an application/game supports some sort of " kid lock " that might not be foolproof . developers can override the back/menu/search button intents , but i do not think they can override the home button unless it is a home launcher app . take a quick look at this search on the android market . there are some games specifically tailored to this problem that you might find interesting .
this seems pretty normal . the 8gb ipod touch is similar - ios takes a significant portion of its storage . the device itself has 8gb of storage , but any os takes space - particularly samsung 's flavor of android , which has a lot of stuff added ( which , unfortunately , they do not want you to be able to remove ) .
rooting will not affect any applications that are already installed . all you are doing is giving yourself administrator rights to your phone . you will not have to wipe/reload , etc . unless you plan on installing a custom rom . if you do want to install a custom rom , i highly recommend using titanium backup to backup all of your apps and their data . also do a nandroid backup ( it is like making an image of your phone that you can restore to ) right after you root and before you do anything major to your phone ( such as installing a rom ) .
if you root your device using one of the more modern methods , then you should have a superuser . apk installed that will prompt you before any apps are given root access . the superuser application also keeps track of the applications that have been given root access . if you do not know about rooting , there is no way you have an apps that uses root except if your phone is a second hand , and the previous owner did not wipe and reinstall a stock firmware .
you can see the permissions of installed apps . go to Market -&gt; Menu button, My apps -&gt; select an app -&gt; Menu button, Security  there are also apps called permissions watchdog , and permissions , as per al 's comment .
i eventually tracked this down using the app " task identifier " . it is a bit awkward to use and has an odd interface , but it also has the useful feature of showing an alert if apps activate when the phone is sleeping . it turned out that the problem was the sync service from the doubletwist app , and it appears that it was indeed caused by an inappropriately-used acquire_causes_wakeup wakelock . i have e-mailed them a bug report .
the radio firmware controls basic low-level functions like network connectivity , wi-fi , and gps . for several years , though , " radio " means " baseband " , and controls network connectivity aspects only , while wifi and gps are governed by os drivers , like any other devices . usually upgrading your radio will not give you any new features but will fix connectivity issues , increase range or performance , decrease battery usage , or the like . some rom 's require you to have the latest radio versions to work . while a botched radio upgrade can brick your phone , the process is basically the same as upgrading your rom . just make sure not to unplug or power down your phone in the middle , make sure you trust the person who released the radio firmware , and try to read some comments or reviews .
the groups tab in the contacts app shows the individual google contacts groups , including the built-in ones ( "coworkers " etc . ) and my custom groups , and they are browsable . this is on my galaxy s vibrant running 2.2 , with touchwiz .
go to voice . google . com . top right , click on settings -> voice settings . go to " calls " tab . turn call screening to " off "
when the power and back button failed in my rooted lg p500 , i used button savior . this app works without any restriction on rooted devices and with few limitations on unrooted . this app creates a small overlay on the screen ( which is customisable in terms of its size , visibility , position etc . ) and pressing this overlay slides a virtual buttons on screen to lock , volume up and down , back , home , search , menu , camera etc . it was indeed aptly named for as it saved my trip to service centre to shell out money on my phone to replace the keys .
use disk usage app . it draws nice graphical diagram with directories proportional to their size . there is a dedicated lookup option for apps too .
yes , you can play amazon prime videos using flash in the browser . see this thread . per the thread , you may have to remove the stock flash and install adobe 's official version from the market , as well as the dolphin hd browser . you can rent movies from amazon , which presumably use the same framework as prime videos . it would probably be advisable to rent a movie to verify it works before investing in a prime membership .
i am not an electrical engineer , but i am pretty sure there is either more current flowing through a wall charger than there would be a usb charger or . . . the same amount of current which is just flowing faster from the wall than from the usb port which is why the wall charger will fully charge your battery faster . that heat is totally normal and nothing to worry about ( unless it gets hot enough to burn skin , then i would recommend not touching it ) .
important : make a backup before trying any of the following steps ! usually the animation video is stored at : /system/media/video/shutdown you can rename this to something else . or delete all the files from there . if it is not there , check /system/customize/resource/ or /data/local/ may be it can be found there . in some cases shutdown animation may be handled by an apk . check under system/app if you have a Shutdown.apk or PowerOff.apk . if yes ( like in lg-p692 ) , you also have PowerOff.odex there . do not touch PowerOff.odex . in this case you can modify the PowerOff.apk . this is how : copy the PowerOff.apkto your pc use 7zip or winrar or any uncompressor software you have , to open the apk . go to res/drawable folders . you might have up to 3-4 of them like : drawable-ldpi , drawable-mdpi , drawable-hdpi , drawable-xdpi ( in case of lg-p692 , only drawable-mdpi will be found ) . there you can see some .png or .jpg files . replace those with any images that you want . if you do not want anything there you can use plain black images . make sure that you put the images with the same resolution that of the original images . replace images in all the drawable folders . after you replace those images , make sure the apk is in the same format as it was earlier , except the images that have been changed . now copy back the PowerOff.apk to your phone where it was . power off your phone . remove your battery . power on . and now test . see how this helps . tested with an lg-p692 .
i think i got it . this is what i did : system settings > security > device managers disable kaspersky as device manager system settings > screen lock : swipe ( or what you want ) enable kaspersky as device manager now i can unlock the phone with one swipe . i use app protector to lock certain apps plus system settings with a different code . nb : the above names ( like device manager ) may not be 100% accurate as i am not using an english version of android . . .
yes , one solution is the bookmark sort and backup app . visit here from phone or search for " bookmark sort " on android market . ( pro version comes without ads . ) hope it helps . edit : bookmark sort and backup free and bookmark manager free on appbrain.com.
this was a problem with the routing software connectify .
with a combination of tasker and rotation locker you can keep your auto-rotation off but create a profile that sets the orientation for certain apps .
my solution was to change the front room wifi to wpa2 to match the backroom 's wifi ( wpa2 ) which i never had a problem with . do not know why this works i cannot believe the sgs2 has less than optimum support for wpa . maybe it was buggy software . . . although i am fully updated and have been since i got the phone . ( september 11 ) i should mention this was not a problem caused by ics or fixed by the firmware upgrade as i had the problem pretty much as soon as i got the phone ( september 11 ) .
i think i found the solution . i need to be root to move the apps .
in my case it did not seem to have anything to do with any software configuration or combination on my phone and was purely hardware related . this is not to say that in some cases the software you may or may not have on your device would be causing a memory leak / stack overflow and causing your device to reboot as a result . i could not , and would not , believe it , but after adding a small piece of paper between the battery and the phone under the back cover , my xperia arc has not rebooted for 3 weeks , whereas before it would reboot around twice a day . once again , thanks all for the suggestions and comments . i will continue to monitor my phone , but i do not foresee any future reboots . . . related to the battery anyway . . .
one option - if you have root and a proper custom kernel you can use something like setcpu to underclock your processor . cyanogenmod also has this functionality built in since at least cm7 , do not remember if it is in cm6 . that can be found in Settings-&gt;CyanogenMod Settings-&gt;Performance iirc . without root access , i suppose you could try to run some kind of " expensive " process in an attempt to occupy cpu cycles , but its probably not the best of ideas or an accurate portrayal of a slower device .
short answer you did the right thing , and do not need to be afraid . that popup was most likely caused by some javascript on the visited web site to make you download/install something really bad . it does not mean you are infected . explanation there are a couple of things to consider . first , if the popup really said " you have a virus " , your reacting was fully correct ( and the popup bluntly lying ) : there are no viruses for android , at least not " in the wild " . i know , the term got mixed up , and when speaking about anti-virus people really mean " an app against all kind of malware " . but no serious av app would speak of " you have a virus " , as that is technically incorrect . mixing in your " fear " from the second paragraph here : exactly that is what matches a virus definition , and makes it different from all other kinds of malware : the ability to " multiply itself " . as you 100% sure have no " virus " on your device , no need to be afraid about that . for details on the above , please see e.g. wikipedia : the defining characteristic of viruses is that they are self-replicating computer programs which install themselves without the user 's consent . there you see why a virus is close to being impossible : on android , the user is always asked for his " consent " when something is installed . now for the last part : who should have caused that popup ? do you have any av app installed and active ? your question does not suggest such . so if you have no such app installed , who should have popped up that warning ? android does not do that . so the most likely candidate was a part of the site you have visited . that is rather so-called scareware trying to make you install something bad . believe me , you did the right thing  and would possibly have been in trouble if you had acted differently .
you need a third-party app to recieve wi-fi calls . two popular apps are grooveip ( paid and free ) and talkatone ( paid ) . you could also set up sipdroid ( free ) , which will set up the sip forwarding using pbxes.com. or you could use a number of other sip apps and set up forwarding yourself , but that gets a bit convoluted .
jelly bean upgrade ( 4.2 ) add support for group messaging . so , two solutions : upgrade your phone to jelly bean 4.2 . install a third party application that handles it : this one seems to have a fair number of good reviews .
i have reason to believe that this may be a bug caused when the web app has a large number of bookmarks . in System Settings -&gt; Accounts and sync i turned off Sync Web under my google account . then i went to Manage Apps , clicked the all tab , and hit the Clear Data button . this reduced the usage of the web app to 1% when in the background . when i enabled Sync Web to import all my chrome bookmarks , then disabled it , the problem showed itself again . i reproduced this problem twice .
in response to @zuul 's comment below his answer , usage of the ln -sf /mnt/emmc /mnt/sdcard is not the appropriate way of dealing with it , because it is a soft-link and forcing it that way , can lead to some mis-behaviour of apps who are relying on the sdcard 's mount point , by way of refusing to work with it , play store can fail in this regard . the best solution is to use this : by using busybox , explicitly bind the mount point to make /mnt/emmc behave exactly like a sdcard , i.e. : /system/xbin/busybox mount -o bind /mnt/emmc /mnt/sdcard which will show up as a mount point in the proper way , if this was a soft-link it would end up like this - /mnt/sdcard -&gt; /mnt/emmc  google play store , as i mentioned has an internal checking mechanism to see if the directory is not a link ( it will return a error of -22 iirc ) .
yeah they will auto update as long as you have enabled it under settings in play store . keep it in your mind though , rooting or installing custom rom will void warranty .
removing and reinstalling yahoo ! weather on my wife 's phone cured this . i guess cousin yahoo ! has a bug .
it sounds like your tablet is missing the ' contacts ' or ' people ' app ( or has one customized by the manufacturer , which does not understand the same intents ) . since every oha-certified android device has it , gmail is trying to launch it without checking whether it exists , and that is what is going wrong . if you disabled the app yourself ( by clicking disable in the app 's page in settings  apps ) , then you have to re-enable it to avoid this problem . if the gmail app was pre-installed on your tablet , then this is a system integration error . you should complain to the manufacturers and ask them to release an update to fix the problem . until then , or if you installed gmail yourself on a tablet that does not support it , you should be able to fix the problem if you can find and install the original contacts or people app .
you can not remove it from the stock launcher , it is a permanent fixture . you can , however , install a custom launcher which is based on the stock one like apex launcher or nova launcher . you can also disable the google search app completely if you want to , but then you will not be able to use it at all ( also discussed on google groups ) .
it seems that the problem was the encoding that windows media player used . it uses the windows hebrew code-page ( 1255 ) . i used foobar2000 with the chacon plugin to change it to the mac hebrew code-page ( 10005 ) which seems to be supported by my phone .
i am on android 2.3.3 with root , s-off and custom rom ( supernova ) and i can confirm now that the option to toggle between fast boot enabled and fast boot disabled is available . now , to properly answer my own original question , this is how you would disable it on htc desire . press menu button . tap settings . tap applications . remove the checkmark from the option " fast boot " to disable it . press home button . screenshot :
no , you cannot block that , unfortunately ! you can either switch to 2g ( which saves battery ) or continue with 3g . cannot have it both ways ! the telephony signal is deep within android itself and no way of messing with that ! not alone that , android picks up that radio signal strength from the heart of the silicon on chip ( s-o-c ) where the base-band radio firmware resides in and is off-limits and proprietary .
it seems to react on your low , internal memory . and while 178 mb should be enough for a few small apps , there might be something that denies more installation due to already low amount of space . now , the first thing i would advise you to do is uninstall any app you do not really need . however , many apps come with the phone , so they can not be removed . for these , and any app you do not want to remove , you can clear the cache . to do that , hit settings -> application manager -> slide til you see a list called " all " . now all you have to do is hit each app you want to clear the cache off , and choose " clear data " and " clear cache " . beware that the " clear data " option will likely delete any saved password or settings the app uses , and thus you might need to redo those settings . it may also delete some information attached to the app , so use the " clear data " option at your own risk . tho for apps like facebook and twitter , the option should do no harm . you can also choose to move some apps to the sd card . while i have not tried that out myself , it should push some of the stuff from internal to " external " memory . you may also want to download clean master . it is an app somewhat similar to ccleaner , if you are familiar with that ( deletes cache and junk files ) . i use it myself , and it helps a bit . it is free and you can download it here : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.cleanmaster.mguardhl=eng
the closest solution i have found for mac os x is to install android file transfer ( http://www.android.com/filetransfer/ ) on the computer . with this , i am able to access files on the internal storage and the sd card directly within an android file transfer window , and perform basic file management operations like copying and deleting . this app also supports some keyboard shortcuts as well as drag-and-drop to and from finder . it is not as convenient as finder itself but it is the closest available substitute i have found for this device .
yes , the phone should behave same as without physical keyboard until you open the physical keyboard which will cause hiding the virtual one .
the correct build was here . it is listed in incremental updates 2.3.6 - 4.0.3 .
depends on what you are talking about pop up ads . if you are talking about the full screen ad , often for another game , that pop up when you go to the main menu for example , then no , i do not get any ad since i have purchased the double coin bonus . if you are talking about the push notifications that warn you about daily challenge and new events , purchasing something does not remove it , but you can turn them off in the settings ( Reminders ) .
open the S Voice app , and open its settings . you should be able to change it via Set wake-up command . here 's the setting from my samsung galaxy s4:
i have found some numbers on opera 's website : they claim that mini compresses webpages by " up to " 90% , turbo compresses them by 80% .
one of the three incredibles we own had the same problem . it too was running miui . i found this thread on the miui forums . after changing the build . prop file as indicated in that thread the problem went away . edit to add the following information : http://androidforums.com/incredible-all-things-root/447517-stop-update-notification.html changed these lines to this : do not try to parse ro . build . description or . fingerprint ro . build . description=3.26.605.1 cl264707 release-keys ro . build . fingerprint=verizon_wwe/inc/inc/inc:2.3.4/grj22/222219:user/release-keys end build properties it is really just the " build fingerprint " that matters as you can see . if the miui is referencing an older version of android then the carrier will keep trying to download the latest android update . that is where the data download is coming from .
you can right click by using 2 fingers at once . this is the same for microsoft 's rd client app for android as well .
i have not tested this specific case myself . the answer might depend on what you might want to do with the mic-only and speaker-only bluetooth device . how multiple bluetooth devices work with a single android phone : the android phone provide you with two types to bluetooth profiles to connect to - phone and media . long press on the device listing in the ' bluetooth settings ' , click on options and you can select which profile your bluetooth device should connect to . the mono hands-free bluetooth headsets can connect to just the phone audio . the mono headset 's options in android will not even list the ' media ' profile . the stereo bluetooth headsets can connect to both phone and media profiles . you will find both ' phone ' and ' media ' options for stereo headsets . an android phone can be actively connected at a time to maximum of 2 devices . one device ( device1 ) will be connected to the ' phone ' and the other ( device2 ) will be connected to the ' media ' . all your phone calls will be routed to device1 and all your music will be routed to device2 . but 2 devices cannot be connected to the same profile at the same time . i have tested this with my 2 stereo bluetooth headsets . your request : connect a mic-only and a speaker-only device to the phone at the same time . what will not work : if you want to use it in a phone call so that you can speak through the mic-only device and hear through the speaker-only device , it will not work . only one device can be connected to the ' phone ' audio at any point of time . for both devices to work together in a phone call they should both be using a phone audio which is not possible . what might work : a mic-only device to ' phone ' audio and a stereo bluetooth headphone to the ' media ' audio might be possible , since both these devices would be connected to 2 different profiles . caveat : i do not know if a mic-only device can be connected to an android device , in the first place . since devices can either connect to the ' phone ' profile or ' media ' profile and both require speaker output at the other end , i am not sure how it would work . i am specifically curious about how a phone call would work when a mic-only device is connected to the phone profile . may be android would receive audio input from the bluetooth mic and send the audio output to the phone 's speaker . maybe android will show a different profile for the mic-only bluetooth device . the problem is in android i do not see a place where one can choose ' audio input ' and ' audio output ' devices like we do in a desktop os . mic-only bluetooth devices are used with cameras as shown in this video . i do not know how they would connect and work with android devices .
in honeycomb the option is in Settings -&gt; Location and security . in ice cream sandwich it is at Settings -&gt; Personal -&gt; Security -&gt; Encryption . if you are wondering about how android does encryption , take a look at this : http://source.android.com/tech/encryption/android_crypto_implementation.html naturally encrypting and decrypting requires some overhead , but i would not expect it to be too bad . undoing encryption does require a factory reset , so if you are doing it " just to try " you may want to do a backup first . if you are worried about security then i would definitely advise you to use it .
you should be able to use the latest cwm or twrp custom recovery with your device . source : install android 4.4 kitkat on galaxy tab 2 7.0 using cm11 custom build update #1: xda has a thread for custom recoveries for the p3110 . it says that only cwm supports kitkat for that tablet .
it could be your number being " blacklisted " on your wife 's phone . there are a lot of apps on the playstore offering this feature , and some android versions can do so on their own ( just configure the contact in your contacts list correspondingly ) . so here 's what you could do : check with your sim card placed in some other phone ( if that option exists ; at least here in europe we can move the sim card around ) . your call should be still blocked/routed to voicemail then , so you know the issue is not with your phone ( e . g . dialing some prefix/postfix ) check your wife 's phone for installed apps like advanced call blocker etc . check your wife 's phonebook ( errm , or let her check ; ) for your record there and see whether it is blacklisted . if unsure , just delete it temporarily , then call her again . at least cyanogenmod lets you manage a separate blacklist . with cm , it is found in the call settings . check whether your number made it into this place . if the problem still exists , repeat step 1 . with your wife 's phone ( again , if possible ) my guess is either 2 . , 3 . , or 4 . will reveal the cause .
sms is tied in with gsm telephony standard , so the answer to your question is no . but what you can do , is use viber , whatsapp to send something similar to sms ( not the gsm variety ! ) to each party provided they have the appropriate app installed .
yeah , you need to install the facebook application , since it adds the option on the drop menu . then follow this instructions after you installed it correctly : tap and hold an image the screen will change to be possible to select multiple images select the images you want to post on facebook hit share on the bar then facebook
open the facebook app and tap the top left main menu in your sidebar . scroll to the bottom and select Account &gt; App Settings &gt; Sync Photos . choose Don't sync my photos . source .
android applications are distributed as ' apk ' files . this is basically just a standard ' zip ' file with a different file extension . if you change the extension to ' zip ' you can simply extract the contents of any app . in your particular case the icons will be inside the ' res ' folder in one of the folders that have ' drawable ' in their names . they are standard ' png ' files .
try the olimex olinuxino a10s - https://www.olimex.com/products/olinuxino/a10s/
as you state you do not even need " that app " , here are two approaches to keep it from eating your battery : disabling the app go to settings  apps , select the " all " tab scroll to the app in question ( in the current example , google+ ) tapp its entry to open the details tapp the " force close " button to end all its processes optionally , tapp the " clear cache " and " delete data " buttons to free some space on the device if you see a button labeled " uninstall updates " 1 , tapp it . the button will then rename itself to . . . tapp the " disable " 1 button 2 the app should no longer start itself now , and thus not eat any battery anymore . if you need it back at a later point in time , it is still listed in settingsapps ( though it might have been moved to the very end of the list ) . opening its entry should show a button labeled " enable " now , which speaks for itself . keep the app from running when you do not need it on the playstore , you will find an app named greenify . this can be used to automatically " hibernate " an app when its not running in foreground . though greenify is delivering its full potential benefits only with " root powers " , it can do many things already without . if its free version cannot deal with the app in question ( google+ here ) , you might need the donation package ( for ~usd 3 ) , which has additional ways to force apps into " hibernation " . greenify : start screen , app analyzer ( source : google play ; click images for larger variants ) 1 if you have none of the two buttons , but an " uninstall " button , it is no system app : simply uninstall it . 2 note that not all system apps permit this ( button is grayed out then ) .
as far as i know , they are simply picked by google 's staff . i would assume they look for the general indicators of a quality app ( good ratings , lots of active installs , etc ) but popular or otherwise well-known developers probably have a leg up regardless . google has never really come out and said " follow these guidelines " , possibly to reduce people trying to game the system , similar to how they do not release their full page rank algorithm . however , i can definitely say that it is not possible to purchase your way into the featured list . google 's android market developer help page notes specifically : featured and editor 's choice apps are chosen by the android market editorial team . there is no paid promotional spots or advertisements on android market . technically speaking , the only restriction i have seen is that your app must have a properly sized " featured " image to be used on the " featured apps " area . aside from that , google has been very mum about the process .
following @shadow 's suggestion i have googled a bit more . . . turns out that android > = 4.1.2 prevents you from using tethering if you are served by a virtual operator ( as i am ) . this is a nice post http://albertomilone.com/wordpress/?p=581 explains pretty well the situation and propose a solution based on iptables . edit looks like this problem is solved with android 4.4.2 as stated here
this post from xda-developers will help you if her phone is rooted .
yes and no . there are nexus/google devices that are nevertheless branded by the carrier and therefore receive a different rom then the stock rom . this usually takes longer then the stock rom . but yes , besides of that , the google manufactured branded devices are the only ones who receive the updates directly from google . all other devices get their updates from the manufacturer and/or the carrier . oh , and the nexus one will not receive android 4.2 ( officially ) . plus , no one gurantees you that your non-google device will get the latest android version . that is a big advantage when buying a nexus device : it will be up to date for a while .
installing cwm recovery cwm recovery for the thinkpad tablet can be found on xda . you need root on your tablet to install cwm recovery . download the recovery image ( recovery.img ) and follow the instructions provided by the post . it basically comes down to pushing the image file on the sdcard and overwriting the boot partition . push the recovery image to the sdcard adb push recovery.img /mnt/sdcard/  get root adb shell su  remount /system and backup install-recovery.sh ( optional ) mount -o rw,remount /system mv /system/etc/install-recovery.sh /system/etc/install-recovery.sh.backup  overwrite the boot partition dd if=/mnt/sdcard/recovery.img of=/dev/block/mmcblk0p1  entering/booting cwm recovery on the thinkpad tablet shut down your thinkpad tablet press the power button until the tablet vibrates keep pressing and releasing the volume up button until you see Booting Recovery Kernel Image in the upper left corner . it is all about timing of when the volume up button is pressed . that is why it is a good idea to just keep on pressing and releasing the button until the message appears .
found a few options . the easiest seems to be : quicksettings ( free , works on an unrooted droid , including optimus v , reviewed here . ) . it did reveal the wifi hotspot setting so i could turn it on , but it did not work . after more investigation this seems to be a limitation of virgin mobile ( not allowing tethering ) . k
finally found the solution . you have to fix the card first ( which also means you can get back any data on the card ) . on a windows box i ran chkdsk . start -> cmd -> chkdsk e : /f then set the partition up as fat32 , a 32gb partition . i did this on an ubuntu box , for no other reason than that is my normal os . after popping the card back in the phone it was picked up and is being reported as 59.43gb i tried a few things before i found the solution : http://exceptionallyexceptionalexceptions.blogspot.co.uk/2012/12/s3-mod.html
most newer android tablets provide both wifi and wifi+3g variants . if a tablet is wifi only - then yes , the tablet can only access the internet via a wifi hotspot/network . if a tablet has 3g capability as well , then yes - a sim and data plan would be needed to use the 3g functionality , but not required to use the tablet . the benefits of using a 3g model would be that you always have an internet connection , even if there is not a wifi network available ( as long as your mobile network has coverage where you are ) . the 3g system in tablets is the same as in phones - except that most 3g enabled tablets do not have the ability to make voice calls , or send sms 's - they are limited to using only the internet through the 3g network . 3g tablets are more expensive than the wifi only models - mostly costing in the region of ~100 more , however the benefits can be rather useful - especially if you would be using the tablet out and about alot . however , if you possess an android device as well , then you could just purchase a wifi only model , and use the portable hotspot feature of your android phone to create a wifi network that the tablet can connect to , to use the 3g internet of your phone . so , in conclusion : 3g tablets can be connected to the internet practically everywhere 3g tablets can cost around 100 more than wifi only varients wifi only varients can only access the internet when a connectible wifi network is present a sim and data plan are needed to use 3g data on a 3g capable tablet - this will cost extra 3g tablets are ideal for those that will be taking them out and about with them , and would need an internet connection while they are out and about with their tablet wifi only tablets are ideal for those that would only be using the tablet indoors that has a wifi network available , or for those that wish to to the wifi hotspot feature of their android phone .
i got this some time ago , and even after deleting all of messages ( i back them up to my gmail ) i got the same thing . the problem was that when the internal memory fell below 22m or so ( i forget exactly ) , this message appears . the sms themselves take up very little space , so deleting them had no effect . you may also be suffering from this bug , as i was , which it is important to know about : http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=4991
recovery images are hard coded to use the first partition of an sd card are the main fat partition . as such , you need to ensure that the first partition on the card is the fat partition , or recovery will try to mount the ext partition as the fat partition . you can use any partition tool to modify the card . you also said that fastboot would not work - this is most likely due to lack of fast boot drivers .
there does not appear to be a way , no . ( some information in this forum thread : http://www.droidforums.net/forum/droid-audio-video/40610-zune-not-droid-friendly.html ) apparently , drm'd wma files require a zune device . since droid  zune , it is not going to work . unless and until microsoft decides they want to build a zune app (  la the way amazon has a kindle app ) you are out of luck . only option appears to be to burn those tracks to a cd , then re-rip them as drmless mp3s .
sometimes android goes into fubar mode and the only way to get past it is to make a hard reset . this unfortunately deletes any data stored on the device but anything stored on the memory card will remain . luckily there is a hardware hard reset mode . a hard reset can be accomplished by doing the following things : turn the power off . if your samsung galaxy s ii is frozen , pull the battery out and reinsert it hold the volume down button press and release the power button you are now presented with a menu that allows for fastbook , recovery , clear storage , and simlock select clear storage by pressing the volume down button press and release the power button now simply confirm your decision : volume up for yes and volume down for no some versions of samsung galaxy s2 require that you need to hold down volume down and volume up to get into the menu . youtube video showing how it is done
well , i did not find a way to hide it ; but switched to using widgetlocker for my lock screen and just disabled cm 's .
curently there is no such official support and the sdk does not allow third party apps to encrypt calls , but if you use a sip client , the call can be encrypted depending on the sip client`s features .
dont use a toolkit as the commenter above has said . they will only make you more clueless about the whole process , and it honestly isnt that hard to root a nexus manually anyways . there are basically 3 steps : unlock bootloader install custom recovery flash root binaries through custom recovery . for more elaboration on these steps , read here .
see the faq , particularly the billing section . you will not get charged for turning on data roaming and connecting to an orange network , but you need to remember to turn it back off before roaming on any other networks to avoid charges . also , the faq mentions that it is only for calls and text messages right now , but it is not clear why they would also mention the data roaming setting if that is the case , so ymmv . regardless , you will likely be limited to 2g since 3g is typically on a carrier specific frequency . and of course , all of this may change if at and t completes their acquisition .
you may drag n drop the icons . a maximum of six is allowed
this is not actually a linked contact unless the contact you added it to is from a social network . that is why the unlinking will not work . go to edit the number , select the entire number and copy it , then delete it from the wrong contact , go back , add a new contact , long-press the phone no . field and select paste . or you can use pen and paper too if you prefer .
try openbts . you will need a faraday cage and a couple thousand dollars in hardware , but you can control all interactions between the phone and your base station . you will need a license to run a base station outside of a faraday cage . harald welte 's blog is a good one to follow if you are interested in gsm as a low-level protocol . the " sms of death " presentation at chaos computer club one year used this sort of setup to test sms buffer overflows .
kitkat has only 3 defaults for this : bluetooth email gmail other options can be added with 3rd party software , e.g. es file exploere adds " share over lan " . as per the google products page this is a know issue . i too am annoyed that this issue is happening with the nexus 5 . i can only hope that they will have an update that will resolve this issue . i work in the transportation industry in which i often have to send forward a contact phone number to another driver and at this point is very cumbersome not to be able to quickly share a recent calls number with another driver . i have been checking the play store to see if there is an app dialer that will resolve this issue for me . from this android central thread it confirms that this feature is missing and the solution is to copy and paste , or install 3rd party app . without installing a 3rd party application , there is nothing you can do for now .
thinking error . you have created a link named busybox pgrep , linking to a ( not existing ) other file of the same name . what you probably wanted to achieve is : ln -sf &lt;/path/to/alternative/&gt;busybox &lt;/path/to/linkdir/&gt;pgrep  replace &lt;/path/to/alternative/&gt; with the path to the busybox binary featuring pgrep functionality , and &lt;/path/to/linkdir/&gt; with the path to a directory contained in your $PATH ( best the one where the other symlinks reside ) . busyboxes usually decide their " wanted functionality " by checking where they are called from . so the symlink is simply named pgrep , grep , or whatever , and pointing to the busybox binary .
enter *#*#7378423#*#* to access the service menu . tap service info > configuration if unlocked , it says , Bootloader unlock done under Rooting Status
are all touch-screens on modern devices multitouch capable on hardware level ( if software supports it ) ? this is more or less impossible to answer without spec sheets for every android device that has ever been created ( within whatever timeframe you consider " modern" ) . very broadly speaking , devices from major manufacturers over the last several years will typically support multitouch to some degree , but even that overall degree of support can vary between devices . if not than how to detect if touchscreen screen by itself is multitouch or not ? there are a bunch of apps for this . i would say pick one and try it . if you want to try to verify the results , pick several and try them all .
turns out it was a problem with the dns servers my dhcp was serving up . the first two were local dns servers . i do not know why they were not working for android ( they worked fine for the laptop computers ) , but as soon as i replaced the second local dns server with a remote dns server , things started working . it also appears that android only pays attention to the first two servers given by dhcp since i had other servers listed after my local server . it seems kind of fishy that only the android phones had problems with the local dns server . i would not mind finding out what the underlying problem is , but changing the dns servers is an acceptable workaround .
if you have an unlocked phone , i do not think there should be any problem . the sim card for gophone is apparently just a regular prepaid sim card and is not tied to the phone it is sold with . if the phone does not recognize the apn for 3g , just go to Settings &gt; Wireless and Networks &gt; Mobile Networks &gt; Access point Names and enter the appropriate access point settings manually .
provided you have not rooted the device , a factory reset will reset the phone to the state it was in . note that sometimes , some extra content that was added by the manufacturer ( like some bundled music/images ) later may be wiped . obviously , if you are bundling along the same sd card that you were using earlier , format it and also run it through shredder programs . ideally , do not part with the same sd card - either give the next owner a new card or avoid it altogether .
any cache can be cleared . clearing the cache will not remove app settings . read more from this closed question in stackoverflow ( should be migrated here ) : what is the difference between clear cache and clear data in android settings
this is apparently a known bug in android which is not even acknowledged by google since oct 2012 depending on the method of creating files on the android device , these files may remain invisible when accessing the device using mtp , until the device is rebooted . known workarounds include : use usb storage mode instead of mtp , if it is supported by the phone . this is apparently not an option for lg optimus l5 ( e610 ) , because this phone has unified internal storage ( file storage is in /data/media on the same ext4 filesystem as /data ) , which cannot be exported as an usb storage device . clear data of the media storage app , then use the sdrescan app to rebuild the media database ( discussed here ) . share files over the network using third-party apps such as airdroid or one of samba server apps ( in the latter case you will need to have root to make the server reachable from most clients , including windows ) .
most common errors ( and solutions to them ) are : different file name : make sure the file is really named recovery-clockwork.img , in your example , or adjust your command according to the file name wrong path , e.g. your file resides in C:\Downloads , but you are executing fastboot flash recovery recovery-clockwork.img from C:\: either first change to the directory the .img file is located in , move the .img to where you want to execute your command , or try specifying the file with its full path ( e . g . C:\Downloads\recovery-clockwork.img ) sometimes adb/fastboot behaves strangely when executed from " somewhere else " . in those cases it helps to first changing to the directory where the resp . executable is located , and run your command from there .
after restarting the tablet the app is now working properly . no idea - could be android was not able to free enough ram or some such . . .
you can manually install update using flashtool , and also you need ftf file for it , http://androxyde.github.com/index.html?1349610344000 -flash tool http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1918920 -ftf file .
do you have busybox installed ? open up terminal emulator and type busybox if a load of stuff comes up on the screen , then you have busybox installed . next , type mount into terminal emulator , if a load of crap comes up then you do have mount installed . otherwise , download the BusyBox Installer app on market , and download an older version of busybox . the same if you already have it installed , as the newer versions have loads of errors . if that does not work , then i suggest emaailing the developer with a bug report .
after months trying , i solved flashing the defyplus_u3_4.5.1-134_dfp-2311_blur_sign_usadefyemarab1b8tfde004.0r_pds03c_usajrdngibro2de_p020_a025_m002_service1ff . sbf
as t0mm13b already suggested , tasker can do that easily : condition : [ location ] task : keyguard disable/enable for location , you can use different sources : gps ( most power-hungry variant , as it requires a permanent gps scan -- but most accurate ) network based ( less power-hungry , but still requires at least wifi -- but less accurate ) cell based ( least power-hungry , not to say : using almost no additional power , as the mobile cells are either used for telephony and mobile data -- but also least accurate ) you can even combine them : having e.g. cell-based combined with gps would only start gps scanning when the cells already match . the trickier part will be the " require once " element , which will be doable with a more complex tasker profile . if this is relevant to you , i will update my answer to include some hints on this . other ( and easier to learn ) solutions might be available as well , but i am not sure whether they can control keyguard . so you might want to take a look at llama - location profiles , which can at least handle the " location-based " part quite well . and of course you can check the " other users also liked " section for these apps on the playstore .
no . unlocking your bootloader allows you to flash unsigned images to your device , but it does not ( in and of itself ) give you root permissions which you need to remove bloatware . however , having the ability to flash unsigned images makes it very easy to gain root via a custom recovery , so unlocking your bootloader can often greatly simplify the process . if you need instructions for getting root , there is a fairly exhaustive guide here .
files in /sys/ are part of sysfs which is a special virtual filesystem to dialog with the linux kernel . you can for example have a fast introduction here . therefore you cannot treat sysfs files as normal files as it may lead to strange behaviour depending on how the program treats them ( same for device files , usually in /dev , or files in procfs in /proc ) . usually to tweak that files you just write in them with an echo , such as echo 255 &gt; /sys/class/leds/mmc1::/max_brightness 
that is not an airpush ad . also , these kind of ads are forbidden by the google playstore tos . always pointing to the same app suggests another app from the same developer placing it , not an ad module . i would first check which apps are running when this happens ( settingsapps , select the corresponding tab ) . see if there are " non-essential " apps listed which you can live without . note them down . second , check permissions of the apps installed . there are some permission checker apps available which make things easier for you . fot this specific case , permission explorer seems to be a good candidate : permission explorer : list of permissions , apps using a certain permission ( source : google play ; click images for larger variants ) as the screenshots show , this app allows you to browse your installed apps by permission . your screenshot looks like a system alert window , so the offending app most likely has the system_alert_window permission . check for apps having this permission . note them down . in a third step , compare your notes : apps that were running when the message appeared , apps using the SYSTEM_ALERT_WINDOW permission . if you find a match , you most likely found your offender . uninstall it , and see whether your issue is gone then . if this has solved your issue , do not forget the following to help others : check if that app is still on google play , and if the version there matches the version you have installed . if so , first report that app to google , as it violates the tos , and put a comment warning others . google should react by removing the app from the store .
use adb to push them to /system/lib/modules , then reboot . android should load them at boot as long as they are in that directory , i believe . shell&gt; adb push module.ko /system/lib/modules/ shell&gt; adb reboot  if you get a " read-only filesystem " error then remount /system as read/write first , then push them . usually you can do this with adb remount . you could probably also put them onto an sd card and then use a file manager to copy them over if you want . you can also use insmod to manually load a module into the kernel at runtime , but it would not be reloaded if you reboot . this would allow you to skip the initial reboot , though , since you should be able to insmod all of the modules after you push them onto the device .
in general , anything that works regardless of which app you have in the foreground will work regardless of which launcher you have installed . that includes eye scrolling , air gestures , smart stay , smart orientation change ( i forget the marketing name for it ) , and so on . changing to a different launcher will only replace the home screen and the " all apps " menu . note that the old launcher is still installed : the first time you go to the home screen , you get a chooser to pick which one to use , the same way as if you have more than one web browser and click on a link .
" fast boot " is basically analogous to the hibernate or possibly s3 ( str ) sleep functionality on regular pcs ( htc is not very clear on what precisely it does , but analysis of its claims and action suggests it is one of these ) . rather than fully shutting down and restarting , the os resumes where it was after a shutdown , allowing the system to get from " off " to " ready to use " much faster . as mentioned , some apps do not play nice with this , such as the case is in this so question . unless you are regularly needing to shut off your phone for some reason and want it to start back up faster , i would personally just leave it off to avoid the potential for weird issues .
see my answer to this question . short answer : yes , it is possible , with a custom recovery , but i am not sure i would recommend it due to my experience with my phones not charging in recovery .
i contacted the makers and they said it is a known problem and they were working on it . the latest update fixed this .
for galaxy devices , you can simply enter about:useragent into your browser 's url bar . i do not think this " sticks " across reboots , but it is relatively painless to do and does not require extra software/hacks/etc . i do not own a galaxy so i am not keen on some of the specifics . if about:useragent does not work , then other phones can typically to this instead : enter about:debug into the url bar to activate debug mode in the browser ( you will not see any kind of confirmation that this has worked ) go into Menu-&gt;More-&gt;Settings and scroll all the way to the bottom . you should see a new menu item called UAString tap the UAString menu option and select a different user agent from the provided menu i have ie6 , " mac desktop " and " linux desktop " as options for mine , all of which give me full versions of websites . see also this question with info on some of the goodies in debug mode . the about:debug menu also works on honeycomb ( or later ) , but the menu is organized a little differently . you enter about:debug the same way , then go into the settings and you will find a new settings tab ( on the left ) simply named " debug " . UAString is one of the first options in this tab .
in the skype app , press menu -> sign out , or use the sign-out button on the top-right corner of the app 's home screen , then confirm .
a computer usb port is limited to 500 milliamperes ( or 900 ma for a usb 3.0 port ) . the dedicated wall charger , on the other hand , is usually able to provide 1000 ma or more . let 's take the case where a connected phone uses 200 ma . then , the usb port would have 300 ma left to charge the battery while the wall usb charger would have 800 ma left . a typical smart phone battery has a capacity of about 1500 mah ( milliamperes-hour ) nowadays . this means that in a perfectly efficient world , a current of 1500 ma would charge the battery in 1 hour . so the same battery would then charge in 5 hours over the usb 2.0 port and in about 1h50 with the wall charger . of course in reality power losses would also affect charging times but these numbers are quite close to what i get with my actual phone .
why do not you run it in landscape mode ? portrait is not the default orientation for tablets , even if the android sdk defaults to portrait . i am also wondering if you can cut out the body of the device and set the view to screen-only ; the tab 's screen is 1024x600 , so it should fit your screen like that while in portrait mode .
i ended up deleting my account and registering it again , and it worked , but this is a workaround . as pointed out by other people , the native mail app is buggy , so i started evaluating touchdown .
this functionality is built into android so there is no need for an external tool/application . in settings : Wireless and networks -&gt; Mobile Networks -&gt; Data Enabled  disable this and you are all set .
that is correct : starting ice cream sandwich ( ics ) 4.0.1 and until the curent ( at the time of writing ) 4.0.3 the face unlock feature is not available to any version of nexus s ( ns ) . this thread on xda-dev provides various speculations as to why face unlock is not available on ns : lower quality front camera hardware on the ns the vulnerabilities of this feature ( check out the note on the setting that says that face unlock is low-security and experimental ) having this feature exclusively available for galaxy nexus bottom line : face unlock is present in various ported ics roms , but it is reported to be pretty flimsy at the moment .
you might want to consider another option here , if you want to use this for keepass password database . this will not work for other sensitive material , but since you asked specifically for keepass , here 's what i do : protect the database with the password ( i assume you have , already ) , and a key . this will give you a two-factor authentication ( "something you know " -- your password , and " something you have " -- your key ) . the password database can only be unlocked when both pieces are in place . copy the key to the local storage of all your devices , and give it some inconspicuous name . preferably put it in a crowded directory where it would seem like some configuration file or some random noise file created by a program . upload your database to a third-party storage service ( i use dropbox , but other options would work just as well ) . it goes without saying that the service should have an android client if you want to use it on your device . do not upload your key there -- use another method to copy it to the devices you need . dropbox in particular keeps a copy of the files you upload and then delete at least for a week for backup purposes ( quite convenient , i must admit ) , but if your key is on the server already , it is not more secure than a normal password-protected database . configure your keepass clients not to remember the location of the key ( remembering the location of the database is fine ) . in this way , you can upload your database to a random website , and even if your password gets compromised for some reason ( i.e. . keyboard loggers ) , you can only use the database from devices that have the key and now which file is actually the key . for convenience , you might want to have key-only authentication on a mobile device ( secure passwords are tedious to type on a mobile device , and you obviously do not want to use anything short and easy here ) . but i would recommend against this , as in this case the security is even lower than a password-protected database -- instead of a password you have in your head , you use a " password " ( the key file ) that is on your device . keepass does not give any hints whether it requires key , password or both -- which works to your advantage .
first of all , try to download and install the sdk on a machine which is comparable to the target machine . in this case , install the sdk on a machine with windows 7 , and not with xp ( also , because xp is risky due to end of life ) then copy the android-sdk-folder to your target machine . then you should siply be able to launch it with a double-click on the sdk-manager . however , if this does not work , try to execute the sdk-manager as " administrator " also , if this fails , try to connect the windows 7 computer to the internet and then download it properly as described here : https://developer.android.com/sdk/index.html if this is also impossible , try to give aditional information ( where do you have the sdk from ? is it the latest version ? where did you put it on the target machine ? etc . )
after much searching , i came across this thread on the xda-developers forum where people seem to be having much of the same issue with a nexus 4 . after trying several of the proposed solutions in that thread , i came across one that worked ! it turns out that android keeps a permanent record of the mac in /persist/wifi/.macaddr . for some reason , it insists on using the mac in that file whenever connecting to a wireless network . if you are on a rooted device , however , you can overwrite it with whatever mac you want . interestingly , this change will also persist across reboots ! so , without further ado , here 's how you change the mac permanently on an android device ( substitute 112233445566 with the mac you want ) :
there is no need to install kies . download the driver SAMSUNG_USB_Driver_for_Mobile_Phones_v1.5.14.0.exe ( or a higher version ) which is available from the samsung website . click on the manuals and downloads tab ( below the image of the phone ) and then the software tab . after installing , i connected the s3 via usb and windows update automatically searched for and downloaded a package that was 6.8mb , followed by this notification . i restarted my computer ( just in case ) and i can now use the s3 for development , even though it says the device is connected as a " media device " .
you may have turned off your apn . quick settings provides the most complete access to settings that i have seen . after you install it you have to customize the view to see all the different options but after you do you will be able to toggle the apn , mobile data , and airplane mode all separately to isolate which setting is not allowing you to connect .
the search bar is a built-in part of the default launcher and can not be moved or disabled . the least invasive way to get rid of it is to install a new launcher of your choice and use that instead of the default one . the old launcher is still installed , and will come back when you uninstall the new one , so the question is just whether you ought to install software on this device you have borrowed .
once a media file is downloaded from the whatsapp server it is indeed deleted the from the server . see this article : http://www.whatsapp.com/faq/general/28030002 the daily backups that other users are referring to only restore text and metadata content of messages . the media content ( eg : images and videos ) are stored on your device in a folder on the sdcard ( typically in a location such as : /sdcard/whatsapp/media/ ) and is not part of the daily backup and so must be retained in order for whatsapp to be able to find it . their are methods to restore files from flash media once deleted but this requires you to act quickly . i will not talk about this here since this is not your question .
if everything else fails ( and your comment above says you cannot set the volumes separately as needed ) , you could take a look at volume ace , which not only allows you to set all volumes separately 1 , but even lets you create profiles 3 switchable via widgets 2 : this enables you to always have the right volume settings according to the situation .
there is nothing which would prevent apps from modifying data files in-place . if they do not do so , then it is because the app developer decided so .
did you backup/restore your settings to/from google ? if so , that is why you can connect to these wireless networks . one of the things that gets backed up is the wireless network passwords so when you restored them back on your new device it is able to connect . android has built in backup functionality . it offers to backup settings ( including wifi settings ) automatically from each device . when you go through the set-up on a new device it then gives you the option to restore these settings . if you had this configured ( i think it is enabled by default ) then your wifi settings would have automatically been backed up on your nexus 4 and restored to your nexus 5 .
how to get into recovery mode unplug the usb cable . shut down the phone . hold down the ' home ' + ' volume up ' buttons and press the ' power ' button for about 5 seconds to enter recovery mode . how to get into download mode ( eg : for odin ) unplug the usb cable . shut down the phone . hold down the ' home ' + ' volume down ' buttons and press the ' power ' button for about 2 seconds until a warning ! screen appears . press the ' volume up ' button to enter download mode . to get out of download mode , simply press and hold the power button until the phone restarts .
i think you need to have google voice initiate your calls rather than the dialer app . generally speaking you had change the setting in the voice app for " making calls " to " use google voice to make all calls " . if you had like to be prompted before the call , then you can use " ask every time i make a call " . ( there is also an option to use it just for international calls . )
a signature error is often caused by trying to install custom firmware ( the rom ) with the stock revovery . the stock recovery will only install a factory image for the device , signed by the manufacturer . this means you can only install stock firmware with it . so you need a custom recovery , something like clockworkmod or twrp recovery . note : do at your own risk , and ensure you have the correct device model for this ! downloads : this is the link to twrp for the galaxy s3 . this is the link to clockworkmod ( cwm ) recovery for galaxy s3 how to flash a new recovery with odin : step 1: prepare odin for flash make sure auto reboot and f . reset are checked , then click the pda button and load your . tar file . step 2: go into download mode on your gs3 you can do this by powering off your phone , and power back on by holding volume down + home + power . if you are on a custom rom , do not do this by holding the power button , select reboot , and select download mode . it can cause issues in certain models in odin . step 3: flash twrp press the start button on odin . then watch your phone do its thing and reboot . that is it , you now have the latest and greatest recovery available for the samsung galaxy s3 . before installing a new rom ensure you make a full nandroid backup in your new recovery . after you install the recovery , boot into it like before , then wipe cache / data and install your new rom .
sounds like it might be your rom . you could start by clearing the cache and dalvik . if it were me , i would back up my sms and mms and do a full flash . i doubt a factory reset alone will help . i had an issue with permissions when my phone was connected to usb with certain roms , sometimes accessing with my pc , sometimes through recovery . i have to believe it is rom related since the current version of pac-man i am using has been much more cooperative . i doubt it is driver related , but that'd be the safest starting point if you have sensitive data on your phone .
the adb over wifi widget works over mobile ap connections , though it does require root . you had need to install it , place the widget on one of your home screens , and then tap it to turn on wireless adb connections . the widget should then show the ip you need to connect to ( ex : in my case it was 192.168.43.1 ) and the port to use ( mine was 8000 , but this is configurable ) . on your pc you then need to run : adb connect &lt;ip&gt;:&lt;port&gt;  so again using my device as an example , i used : adb connect 192.168.43.1:8000 
i found a plugin ! when i first looked , i did not realize locale plugins were compatible with tasker . the plugin is called " locale gtalk plug-in " by billy francisco . i have a galaxy nexus with ics , and it appears to be working fine ; my status was set properly by a task . there is a nearly identically named app , " locale gtalk plug-in free " by willem stoker ; reviews warned it includes air push advertising , so i did not install or test it .
well , it sounds like you do not want to monkey much . ( otherwise i would recommend rooting and then installing vanilla 2.2 , which is going to be the most stable of any release ) . it sounds like the problem you experienced is just a flat out bug and might not have anything to do with any apps you are running . on the other hand , are you using any task-killing apps , or battery saving apps or anything that might be screwing around with system processes ? if you are , i would recommend getting rid of them -- they are generally cause more problems in the long-run than they solve . if not , then i am not sure what to tell you other than file a bug report or call verizon and complain , but neither of these options will fix your problem . if the problem was at root a signal issue , there is a way to update cell tower information , which verizon can help you with . it involves dialing a number and allowing an automatic update . but , if you did want to monkey a bit , then i do suggest flashing the vanilla froyo . it is just a little intensive , but would not take you longer than an hour . if you want information in this regard , i can provide you with a website that includes step by step instructions .
as romain guy , one of the android engineers , stated in a stack overflow answer : no , you cannot move the honeycomb status bar , either via a setting or programmatically ( meaning it is not possible for an app to move it for you ) . you had have to modify and build the honeycomb source if you wanted to have any chance of accomplishing this . you could , however , try to find an emulator that lets you move the controls to the top of the screen . i recall seeing one that had this option , but i do not remember which one ( i think it may have been snes9x , but i am not positive ) .
on android &lt ; 3.0 or on firefox v8 or earlier i think you still have to use the clunky , not-so-intuitive method . you swipe the screen to the left and it will reveal a sidebar on the right side of the screen which has the bookmark star . press that and it bookmarks the page . how they expected to you to find this on your own i will never know . on honeycomb devices with firefox 9+ ( currently beta ) you just need to press the little star icon on the far right side of the address bar . it pretty much works just like the desktop version . annotated screenshot for the right sidebar :
you cannot download apps from the market without an account associated with your device . the only way to get apps without the market ( or an alternative market ) is to get it directly from the developer and " side-load " it .
as " art " versus " dalvik " is a setting the user can switch , a factory-reset should restore its previous ( default ) state  in this case , revert it to " dalvik " . reportedly , the following steps solved the issue in this case : complete wipe , including dalvik cache and data ( can be done from recovery-mode , and is equivalent to a factory-reset ) re-flashing the rom ( imho an optional step , as the previous one should suffice ) remark : there is a good reason that switch is a little hidden ; art is still " experimental " , and not intended for " everyday use " . it was placed with the developer 's options just to give developers a way to already test their apps for compatibility .
problem solved , but i do not understand what happened . while i got stuck on &lt;waiting for device&gt; message , i have tried Reboot bootloader option and process has been successfully completed . but i have not to do this first time when i was unlocking , rooting , and installing recovery and aokp .
i am not sure why this happened . . . i suspect it was due to my open issue with the android market team . . . however i suddenly got an email that my order for this app had been canceled : hello joshua , your order has been canceled and you have not been charged . reason : other ( describe below ) comments : we could not complete your order in a timely fashion . your order has been automatically canceled . please retry your purchase . i was then able to purchase and pay for the app again , and this time , it downloaded !
if you built the image yourself then google 's proprietary apps would not have been included as they are not open source . the easiest way to get them is probably to just use the cyanogenmod9 gapps package , which can be downloaded here ( top of the table ) . if you have a custom recovery image then you can simply install the . zip file from your recovery , otherwise you will have to manually install each of the files in the . zip ( they have a folder structure that mimics your device ) . the reason why the web market is not working is because it tries to use c2dm to push the app to the device , but this requires the market app to be installed on the device . you cannot download the . apk from the market manually .
the problem is with the s2e on 4.2.2 . i wiped everything , it worked . now i reinstalled s2e and it will not work . edit : main user had no access to write sd-ext . i created a code added init . d to set sd-ext with chmod 777 .
you can call between avd 's . run 2 avd , each will have diffrent number - it is placed on window title bar , example 5558 . call from one to other using this numbers . you can also text ; ] in your avd you simply cannot use real celluar network because your pc/mac do not have built-in gsm modem ( even if , avd is not supporting this kind of feature ) .
another thing that you may want to uncheck is the alerts for open wireless networks and forget all the networks your phone has already connected to , as most android phones are , by default , set up to re-connect to wireless networks they have already connected to . you can find these options , as matthew read said above , under settings > wireless and network .
you do not need an official " skin " . you just need to figure out what screen dimensions and memory capacity the device you want to test has and create a deployment target file .
use foldersync . i was using it to sync folders with google docs . after upgrading to google drive , sync still works . i have just tested by adding new google drive account . google drive is fully supported . just , choose Google Docs when adding account in the app . in case , you do not want to pay , its free lite version is also in play store , but with some limitations . it supports two-way sync as well as one-way sync ( up or down ) . you can use its up sync for backup purpose . it also supports filters based on size , extension etc . so , if you want to backup all photos from your sd card , the app is good to go . it features Delete after Upload , too . you can schedule sync jobs , too . so , it can do backups automatically without any hassle . the best : it features Instant Sync . if you turn it on , files will be synced as long as they will be modified or added in folder .
even though android beam and s beam serve similar purposes , they actually work very differently and are not compatible with one another . android beam uses nfc to pair your devices over bluetooth , then transfers files over the bluetooth connection . i believe it can also transfer very small pieces of data ( contacts , links , etc ) directly over nfc , as the ice cream sandwich version highlights page implies : for larger payloads , developers can even use android beam to initiate a connection and transfer the data over bluetooth , without the need for user-visible pairing . s beam , however , uses wi-fi direct to perform data transfers instead of bluetooth . their reasoning for doing this is that wi-fi direct offers faster transfer speeds ( they quote up to 300 mbps ) . therefore , this will only work with other s beam enabled devices , currently limiting it to communication between two galaxy s3s . however , the sgs3 also supports android beam , so you can use that to transfer something between a gnex and an sgs3 . here is a tutorial on sprint 's website ( should be essentially the same for other versions of the sgs3 ) .
on ics or later you can check this in your settings . go to Settings-&gt;Security-&gt;Trusted Credentials to see a list of all your trusted cas , separated by whether they were included with the system or installed by the user . earlier versions of android keep their certs under /system/etc/security in an encrypted bundle named cacerts.bks which you can extract using bouncy castle and the keytool program . the summary is to first pull the bundle using adb ( you need a root shell ) then you can use bouncy castle to list the contents of the bundle : there is also at least one app that you can try if you had prefer not to use the shell : cacertman ( requires root to modify the list , but should allow you to view the list without root ) . i believe it came about due to the diginotar fiasco since there were no particularly easy ways for a user to revoke the cert at the time . since the certs are stored differently on ics and later this app will only work on devices running gingerbread ( or earlier ) , but it is obsolete on ics/jb anyway .
after trying a few apps , i settled on kiescast by samsung . pros simple intuitive ui . has almost all settings that one would generally need without being overly complex . play speed from 0.5x to 2.0x . skip interval is configurable . very good podcast search . plays videos as well . cons sometimes cpu use goes thru the roof . loses the play position sometimes after the podcast is stopped . ad supported . can not complain as it is free but company like samsung should be able to support it without ads . moreover , while listening the screen can shut off and thus no ads . in video play mode i have not seen any ads as i usually watch video full screen .
there is an app in the google play store called advanced home button . although this app will not allow you to directly configure home button 's single press , this may allow you to replace the double-tap which is configurable . however , this app does mean replacing your default launcher ( in your case , adw launcher ) . you , may , though , try it out whatsoever and see if it helps your issue . edit : there have been many negative responses on the app saying the app causes issues with the home button . so you need to be careful while installing such an app .
actually the bad news is that everyone has the same problem . its dead slow ! ! . try using the intel based emulator ( instead of the arm-7 ) and download the haxm software that intel provides . its available for the mac too . you can download the intel based emulator and the haxm software ( only for windows i guess ) from the sdk manager .
i find bluetooth connections with ubuntu to be a bit unreliable . i have tried it on a number of machines . i have also tried a variety of bluetooth adapters . i am not sure if it is the various adapters that i have been using . i tried to find a recommended bluetooth manufactor specification , but did not have luck . it is not clear what you mean by adb connect xxx . xxx . xxx . xxx it is my understanding that you have to specify a port when you use the adb to connect ( outside of using a direct connection from the usb ) . you can have very reliable transfers and connection using your usb or your wireless . since you make a reference to adb , i am sure you already have the android sdk package installed . so you have access to the adb transfer features ( push/pull ) , using the usb connection . to use the wireless connection for adb you have to first connect usb then activate the adb tcpip connection to your android . this is done by issuing the following command and specifying the port you want to use . after this activation you can unplug the usb cable and have adb wireless connection that will last until your android is rebooted . $ adb tcpip 5123  in this example i specified a port that would be unlikely to be a default port for an automatic connection such as an avd . after you have activated the wireless adb connection for the android you can connect to it by specifying it is ip address and port when issuing your connect command : $ adb connect 192.168.1.102:5123  i believe your problems connecting adb has to do with your connection setup and parameters .
usually recent versions of android handles these network switching automatically . when you are connected to wifi , your content would be streamed via wifi connection . you can confirm this the mobile network symbol - h/h+/e/4g would not be available in the status bar of the mobile . usually , android manages wifi and mobile network automatically , i.e. , when both wifi and mobile internet is enabled and if wifi is avaialble , mobile internet is not used . when u leave the wifi network , you would get connected via mobile data . hope this helps : )
unless the rom is specifically designed to allow some kind of default set-up ( and i do not know any that are ) , you can only do this by building the rom yourself from source . you can edit the build scripts to remove any apps or features you do not need , and the source code to change the default settings , then compile a rom image yourself . you do not say why you are flashing a rom every few hours . obviously if you are flashing different roms , changing the source each time is going to be harder than just setting the settings on the device . if it is essentially the same rom you are flashing each time , then you can keep your settings across flashes by simply not wiping the userdata partition when you flash the new rom . bear in mind that if the roms are significantly different , this may make the new rom unstable , because it is trying to use settings files that were written by the old rom .
while writing the question i found the solution . explanation in odin mode , when the phone accepts a new recovery to be flashed , the original samsung recovery of 4.1 rom automatically does everything to avoid being flashed , that is actually re-flashing itself on reboot , just like a good ol ' computer virus ! solution run heimdall with --no-reboot flag , or if you are using odin for windows , uncheck the auto reboot checkbox . when flashed , physically remove battery and disconnect usb power supply . congratulations , you just have clockworkmod recovery installed ! !
i think it is the result of a new synchronization option in 2.1 or 2.2 . on the first boot it asks whether you want to store some information about your apps online . i found it quite confusingly worded and was surprised by this effect . iirc you can prevent this from happening by refusing all the synchronization on the first boot . and i learned to only update when on wifi . .
sometimes there may be interference from other electronic / microwave equipment . in your router / access point 's settings change the channel and see if there is any improvement . also , do not be taken in so much by the bars displayed . very often , i see only 2 bars , but in the wifi settings , i see the signal strength displayed as excellent . the other usual rules apply - place your router as high as you can . place it away from other cordless phones or electronic devices that can generate interference .
i think you are referring to a hack commonly known as " apps-to-sd " ( a . k.a. " apps2sd " or " a2sd " on some forums ) . this is where you re-partition your sd card to have an ext2/3/4 partition after the main fat32 one , and then use a custom rom/kernel combination that allow moving certain parts of os to that partition . namely , all 3rd-party downloaded apps , phone 's cache , and in some cases app data and dalvik-cache . also keep in mind that as with all custom roms and kernels , this needs to be built for a specific device , so you will need to find a rom with built-in apps-to-sd support for your specific handset . this trick does free up a portion of internal memory for use as ram . however , as with most such solutions there are many cons to be aware of . sd card needs to be re-partitioned in a very particular way ( data will be lost during partitioning , so back it up . ) speed rating of the sd card will play a large role in the system 's overall performance and stability . slower cards will cause delays in apps starting up , for example . the phone will not be able to function if you remove the sd card , since the 2nd ext partition is now used by the phone as if it was part of its internal memory . extra wear and tear on the sd card from excessive writes . unlike the eprom in flash memory , the sd cards are not really designed for many write cycles , so as time goes on you will find the card wearing out sooner than usual . device will not be as stable . you may see anr ( application not responding ) messages more often , as even the fastest sd cards are still much slower than the internal flash memory . data corruption on the sd card is a real issue , and can render your phone inoperable , requiring a complete re-flashing of the rom and loss of all data . so have recent backups always , and preferably not on the sd card itself .
i finally found the solution ( actually i even had left it behind . . . ) . sometime after i posted this question i create another folder and after a while it began to have the same problem . today i realized that both folder had one common caracteristic : they contained characters beyond the basic ascii table ( one was called " msicas " and the other , " vdeos " . when i renamed them ( "musicas " and " videos " , respectively ) , the issue was solved .
you can use font installer . this app requires root .
cdma phones do not use sim cards , that is the most obvious way to tell . ( some world phones are both cdma and have gsm hardware and sim cards , but that is not relevant here ) . most carriers are only one or the other so your carrier should be a good indication as well .
there is a forum post at xda-developers which details a fairly involved and definitely for the faint at heart . however , do not follow that guide , it is included only for posterity , and there is an easier way to skin your particular cat . at this point , cue the huge disclaimer that a lot of things might go wrong when doing this , and always be sure to follow the instructions as closely as possible . when in doubt , ask . also , while this guide probably will not change much between versions of the recovery tool , always read the official documentation first and use this as a handy checklist . revolutionary whiskey tango foxtrot is revolutionary ? brought to you by the same guys that worked on unrevoked and alpharev which have been traditionally used to root htc devices , revolutionary is a new s-off and recovery tool for next-generation devices . the list of currently supported devices is here . okay , what do i need to do ? download revolutionary . versions for windows and linux are available . windows users : download and install also these fastboot drivers . when downloading , also request a beta key . select your device type , and put in your serial number . if you are running the stock rom , your device s/n should be in Settings-&gt;About Phone-&gt;Phone Identity-&gt;Device Serial Number . if you are running a custom rom , this number might not be there , so you can either check the box your device came from , or ( better ) find it on a sticker below your battery . it is a good idea to also write this down somewhere for future reference . you can find the hboot version of your device , in case there are several , by booting it into recovery mode : turn your device off , then turn it on while holding simultaneously the volume down key and the power button . the hboot version should be visible somewhere on the recovery screen . okay , now you have everything you need . make a backup of your phone . no , seriously , make a backup of your sd card and any application information you had like to keep . contacts , smses , and everything you can think of . better safe than sorry . there are free tools on the market that can help you . if you are going to install custom roms , now would be the time to copy them to the device 's sd card . extract the revolutionary archive in a convenient location on your computer , and run the executable ( revolutionary or revolutionary.exe , depending on your platform ) . connect your device to the computer . remember to enable usb debugging when doing so ( Settings-&gt;Applications-&gt;Development ) . when prompted for the beta key , supply what your key , and then follow the instructions on screen ( basically , confirm a few times that you do indeed know what you are doing ) . it might take a few minutes , and your device will reboot a few times . it worked , and my phone 's not even bricked ! welcome to the club ! flash a snazzy new rom like a king , and enjoy responsibly your newly-gained privileges . some things you might want to do , though : before doing anything else , make a backup of your stock rom from the recovery mode , in case you had like to restore it later ( for example , to take advantage of the device warranty , or when selling it ) . if you are only after a root without installing a custom rom , then you will also need to install the superuser application from the recovery . if you had rather flash a custom rom , you will not need this , most roms also includes superuser as a part of their base install . for information how to install your rom of choice , consult the documentation supplied by the rom vendor .
.zip files are generally flashable from recovery , odin 's .tars are indeed a completely different format . if flashing a kernel you can convert them relatively easily ( thought i will not get into it here ) but it will not work for a whole rom . you will need to find an odin package . xda is your best bet , but see also : where can i find stock or custom roms for my android device ?
the problem has been solved . my device ( 3g ) had android 4.2 installed initially . however the multiple user functionality is only available with android 4.2.1 . my device did not show the udpate . today it did - no idea why - and now the item is visible .
following an ota upgrade to android 4.1.1 , this problem appears to have been fixed . on unlocking , the clock widget immediately shows the correct system time .
per this : . . . the first letter is the release family ( e . g . kitkat ) , second letter is the branch code ( release or testing ) , and the next three characters indicate date code ( quarter beginning in q1 2009 , day number within quarter ) .
sounds like a hardware problem to me , like the internal power supply . fixing would probably require a change of the logic board . if the device is still under warranty , i would just return it as defective .
all apps ( root or not ) have a default data directory , which is /data/data/&lt;package_name&gt; . by default , the apps databases , settings , and all other data go here . if an app expects huge amounts of data to be stored , or for other reasons wants to " be nice to internal storage " , there is a corresponding directory on the sdcard ( Android/data/&lt;package_name&gt; ) . apart from that , all apps can store data anywhere on the sdcard , as there are no restrictions -- and many apps do so . they can use directory names freely ( and they again do ) , which is what often makes it hard to decide what all that " junk " on the card is intended for , and what of it can be deleted . though , as tom pointed out , root-apps could store their data almost everywhere on your device , they usually follow the same rules as other apps . you can find a general explanation of the android directory hierarchy in my answer here . for your specific question i might add some more details on the /data/data/&lt;package_name&gt; ( and corresponding sd-part ) : databases/: here go the app 's databases lib/: libraries and helpers for the app files/: other related files shared_prefs/: preferences and settings cache/: well , caches there might be several more directories in this place , or fewer -- it all depends on the app . in its own " home directory " ( and that is what it basically is , spoken linux-wise ) they can place files where they want . usually , these files and directories are only accessible by the app itself ( and root , of course ) -- other than those stored on the sdcard , which are accessible by all apps .
add the language parameter to the end of the url : https://market.android.com/?hl=enlr=lang_en
android has many apps that run either in background ( such as accuweather daemon ) or only appear as widgets ( for example typoclock ) . since these two apps do not need the user to open them from the launcher , they do not add an icon to it . the same happens with live wallpapers . if you use a root explorer or another root app that will let you see all the installed apps , you will see that the list is higher than the apps that appear in the launcher .
as far as i know , android is not setup to use hosts . allow and hosts . deny however , it is setup to use a standard hosts file in /system/etc/hosts unfortunately , it does not support wildcards , so it might be difficult to limit the device to a single domain via that method . iptables probably are your best bet - perhaps you could post the rules you attempted , and i can see if there is anything that could be causing them to run too slow ?
if you have saved the previous version 's .apk , you can re-instate it . that is why i have appmonster pro backup restore installed and running : it captures each and every .apk installed , so i can always revert to a previous version . if you do not have the old .apk available , and you are talking about a free app , you can check android drawer for a previous version 's .apk . download it , make sure you have unknown-sources enabled in your settings , and launch the .apk e.g. from a file explorer . this should install the ( old version of the ) app without you losing any data .
short answer : yes and no . using three accounts will not run the battery down in itself : by far the bigger factor is how much activity there is . to take an example , gmail uses push messages ( via google cloud messaging , gcm ) to notify your phone of new mail , so the phone does not have to repeatedly poll the server for new messages for each account . because of this , adding a new account that never gets any email will have hardly any effect on battery use . otoh , doubling the amount of email you get will have a much bigger effect , because gcm is waking up your phone twice as often . while adding a new account makes little difference on its own , you are probably adding the account because it is going to get mail , so you will end up using the battery more . the same applies to other services too . even for anything that does poll instead of using gcm , android is clever enough to do all the polling tasks at the same time , to avoid repeatedly waking up your phone . this means that checking two accounts uses a little more battery than checking one , but less than twice as much : again , the amount of work it is doing each update ( how much data it is fetching ) is a bigger factor . to address your particular situation , i would guess that the background updates on your phone are not using nearly as much battery as the foreground things you are doing . do not forget you check the battery use of each app in the device settings .
you could perhaps download a font from the google play store ? i have seen some fonts packs up there . e.g. https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.develop.plugin.fontfeature=search_result#?t=w251bgwsmswyldesimnvbs5kzxzlbg9wlnbsdwdpbi5mb250il0 . some of these will more than likely require your device be rooted . or you can change the size of your phone 's font . to do that go to settings\display\font , you should be ably to manipulate the font . was not much to go on so i hope this helps .
possible workaround : turn the ebook folder into a symlink to the dropbox folder . or if subfolders word , create a dropbox symlink inside ebook .
i just found es file explorer which seems to do what i need , and a little bit more . this looks pretty promising . i will report back if i have any issues with it , but for now it seems to answer my question .
the samsung galaxy s2 does have dual microphones . however , if using gingerbread ( 2.3 ) , the device only records mono audio . using ice cream sandwich ( 4.0 ) though , the device can record stereo audio at about 130 kbps with a sampling rate of 48khz . source : gsm arena
well after an hour of searching around for how to revert the hosts file , i gave up . ( i kept having permission denied errors ) . so i downloaded adfree again ( turns out that is what i had before ) and clicked " revert " .
as @mathew read already said , since your starting again clear the old app data . settings > applications > manage applications > select the messaging app choose ' clear data ' and also ' clear cache ' . if not you could also factory reset the phone .
well- things have changed- as of today , all you need to do is backup the . apk files to your sd card using the backup app of your choice ( there are free ones like astro- ) and then get an app called " app installer " -- when you update the rom- you can re-install all of your apps with the app installer-- app installer has not been around too long-- i personally use titanium-- it has some good features , but it costs money . worth every cent , imho . also- you may not actually need to wipe the data and system before you update the rom--- so long as you are upgrading the rom and not switching to a different rom . ( if the chef says wipe , then wipe-- ) but a lot of times , you can get away with only wiping davlik+cache
it seems that there was a network problem or gmail was blocked in my office which was making the server not respond and giving exception -> couldn't open connection to server. . i tried at home with my wifi and it worked finally .
if you have a samsung phone , some of them have separate " internal " and " external " sd storage . if it is on the external sd card , then you need this adress : file:///sdcard/external_sd/yourapp . apk
/data/property/persist.sys.dalvik.vm.lib contains the name of the runtime library you wish to use - libart.so or libdvm.so . so , you can switch back to dalvik like so : adb shell 'echo libdvm.so &gt;/data/property/persist.sys.dalvik.vm.lib' source
your phone is almost certainly not permanently bricked . chances are you can boot into recovery to flash a new rom . worst case , you will have to flash the phone back to stock with rsd lite . that said , there is really no way to unroot the phone or flash a stock rom without having to re-install your apps . you can try flashing a stock rom without wiping data and cache ( or doing a factory reset ) , but it is probably not going to work very well . the major apps for restoring 3rd party apps and their data , like titanium backup , require root . you can use other avenues to re-install apps ( like appbrain ) , but you will have to reconfigure them by hand if you are not rooted . since you say you are having problems , this might be the safest course of action for a large # of your apps anyway . it is just a bear to lose complex configurations or progress in games . since your're already in trouble , the course of action i would recommend is using rsd lite to flash the latest sbf availble -- frg22d in your case . it is available for download from peter alfonso 's site . your phone will update to frg83 via ota . flashing the sbf will wipe all your phone 's data . you may even need to reactivate your phone with verizon , but that is not difficult to do ( just dial *228 and press 1 ) . this will not wipe your sd card , so things like backups you have or pictures/videos/downloads on the sd card will be safe . despite the dire warnings or bricking one 's phone , as long as you do not do something foolish like unplug the phone ( or pull battery ) in the middle of flashing ( or have bad luck with a power outage ) , you should be ok . using sbf to root and unroot @ droidforums if you can still boot into recovery , you can flash the stock roms from there and accomplish nearly the same thing -- though i am not sure it will do things like update baseband . unroot w/o sbf @ droidforums the droidforums guides are very thorough , and their rescue squad group is very helpful .
they are all electromagnetic waves with different wavelengths . there had been no scientific evidence that they are dangerous in the power level used in common appliances , and many researches shows no evidence of danger in the short term studies , however many countries adopts the precautionary approach and advises people to minimize exposure just in case since long term study and study in children has not been conclusive yet ( these kind of studies takes a very long time since they follow their subjects for decades ) , although preliminary results suggests that long term effect may also be of no danger . you are probably more likely to be killed in a car accident then getting a cancer due to mobile phone radiation .
i placed mine in /sdcard/media/audio/ringtones . after that the sound appears in the settings menu . see also : how do i set a custom mp3 as a ringtone for other notifications ?
depending on your needs , you may consider an applock program . it does not lock your phone , but it may provide the same purpose by locking any apps you want . for the particular app i use , smart app protector , ( my version is from amazon ) you can configure it to have unlimited retries ( which is the default ) , and you can configure it to use a pattern or pin . you can configure the relock delays as well , so you are not entering in a pin or pattern every single time you open a program .
as workaround you can prefix the notebook names with non-alphabetic characters to control the sort order . for example i prefix my notebooks with zero to three underscore characters ( "_" ) to sort the notebooks in four groups , as so _notebook1 _notebook2 _notebook3 __notebook1 __notebook2 __notebook3 ___notebook1 ___notebook2 ___notebook3 notebook1 notebook2 notebook3 you can use any other renaming scheme you find appropriate in your case , for example , simply prefix the notebooks by numbers ( "1_" , "2_" , "3_" , and so on ) .
with the default calendar app , when viewing an event the individual calendar is listed right at the top . additionally , each calendar even is color-coded . if jorte is not displaying that to you , it sounds like a shortcoming of the app and something you should petition the developer to fix .
head to settings -> apps -> all -> internet -> clear defaults . next time you do a search or open a link , you will be given a choice of which app you want to open it with . select chrome and put a tick in the " make default " checkbox and that should make chrome the default browser .
opening adb on an unsecured connection is a major security risk . on an unrooted phone , it gives access to your entire filesystem . on a rooted phone , it gives access to your entire filesystem with write permissions . the connection is not encrypted and there is no password or key exchange to access adb . it is just a bad idea . beyond that , your carrier may not even allow traffic over 5555 ( the standard adb port ) , they may be proxying your traffic , or there may be other complicating factors . also , setting up ssh should not be difficult . i use sshdroid all the time . i can get a secure shell from any wifi connection , and it works great for wireless file transfer . you could set up a task to turn on sshdroid whenever the device connects to wifi and another to send you the ip . technically , you can even run it without wifi , but i generally would not recommend it , as it is still open to vulnerabilities , which would lead to problems similar to leaving adb open ( although somewhat less likely since ssh is designed to be secure ) . finally , there are a number of apps that are built specifically for locating your phone . motorola includes this feature with motoblur , which can also wipe your phone remotely . there are other free and paid alternatives that can do this as well . if your phone is actually stolen , these are going to be much better than any back door you open for yourself .
my phone is working on 4.1.1 and i downloaded and installed the application , it worked fine . no problems at all . xda seems to be a reliable source . i used it to type this answer and i am going to uninstall it as i have paid version of swiftkey . i will post a comment whether it uninstalls or not .
i had the same issue . so , after a lot of work and tests , i have discovered that what was causing the issue was the prey app . do you have the pray app ( or similar ) installed on your device , perhaps ? after i have removed it , the dialer came back to work normally . hope it helps .
i think you should just flash another rom . you will still have all your data on the internal sd so no need to worry about that . this would wipe your /system . so what you want to do is follow the standard procedure of installing a new custom rom and you should be good to go without any data loss ( eg . pictures , videos etc . you still lose any app data not backed up on the cloud ) . a great site with recommendations which i use for my own phone is galaxys2root . some rom recommendations i can give you from my own personal usage are aokp jb mr2 , resurrection remix v5 . try to avoid the ones with battery drain issues and you should be fine . going thru the phone log with your phone not booting up is a hassle which is unnecessary in this case . just do the above and you will be fine .
i can see two major problems with this . android 2.2 does not support usb host mode out-of-the-box . this means any external usb peripherals like your modem are not recognized by the android device . although some successful attempts were made to shoehorn this functionality into several handsets , the process is not easy to say the least . it is only been developed for a few phones so far , and would take quite an effort to port to your specific tablet . depending on the target device 's kernel 's availability of source code , this may not even be possible at all . even if usb host is achieved , the android drivers for the modem would need to be obtained . a quick google search does not return anything useful , which means the drivers would need to be written from scratch . without the aid of the manufacturer , this may prove to be an impossible task for a hobbyist developer . unfortunately , it looks like you are stuck with using your tab 's built-in wifi for data connectivity .
from gsmarena : 2g network gsm 850 / 900 / 1800 / 1900 3g network hsdpa 900 / 2100 umts 850 / 1900 - american version
i am not sure it would be legal for them to discriminate on warranty just because a phone is rooted . however , there are some " void your warranty " things you could do when rooted ( such as overclock way high , etc ) . you might find a tool on xda to restore an original rom , i did once for a bricked phone . they may have such a tool in-store too .
no . if you have a custom recovery that supports adb / root , you can boot into it and use adb to remount /system as read-write and push the missing file over . but otherwise you do not have access to most of the phone .
have you enabled searchify as a ' searchable item ' under the global search settings ?
try quickpic .
there is a setting for them in interface > navigation bar . you should read the instructions there and then proceed . it is similar to cyanogenmod .
android police has all the apks . here 's the lastest one .
be careful with restoring data from system apps , that might break things ( and you will have to factory-reset and start over ) . different roms , different ( structures of ) system apps ( their databases might differ ) . i had that once ; in my case , affected apps ( e . g . sms ) simply force-closed either right at start or shortly thereafter . if you really want/need to restore system data , make sure to enable tibu 's " migration mode " ( in the settings " troubleshoot " section ) . that way tibu will not simply replace the apps ' databases , but only try to " merge in " the data .
vruemk2 - is not bootloader unlocked . so no cwm and custom roms for this . you only have root via saferoot method . there is not a known bootloader unlock yet for the past 2 or 3 ota releases .
capacitive touchscreens found in modern smartphones do not wear out , physically , because they are solid-state technology behind a piece of glass . practically the only way to destroy them is to build up a goodly amount of static electricity and then touch the screen -- if you are deliberate about this , it might zap the circuitry , but it is not specific to touchscreens and you can do that with all kinds of electronics . resistive touchscreens found in older electronics can wear out because they are basically made of movable things ; two layers of transparent conductive material with a thin air gap in between them . because the screen relies on physical pressure from your fingertip , there can not be a solid piece of glass in front of it ( even if the lcd screen behind the touch array probably is made of glass ) . when your finger presses the layers together when you touch this screen , you effectively create an electrical short that is used to signal which point on the screen was touched . press hard enough and you can damage these layers so that they do not move away from each other again . press often enough and you will simply wear out the outermost soft plastic material of the screen -- this is why it is important to use a clean stylus ( and/or a screen protector ) .
i hate to answer my phone question on here , but finally sorted it ! thanks to adach1979 for pointing me towards a useful resource too . in the end i had to put cm10.2 onto the sd card and install that using cwm - it wiped all of my data ( urgh ) but at least the phone was working again . i then used cyanogenmod 's fantastic installer to get the latest version - http://beta.download.cyanogenmod.org/install i then had issues where the usb kept disconnecting , apparently this is common on samsung devices and i managed to fix it by using zadig and these instructions - http://forum.cyanogenmod.com/topic/82393-samsung-devices-we-couldnt-talk-to-your-phone/ and now , almost 4 hours after i started , cm11 is finally installed on my phone ! : )
i have never found windows to be very helpful in identifying drivers either . here 's some information for you on what usb cdc is . according to wikipedia : usb communications device class ( or usb cdc ) is a composite universal serial bus device class . the class may include more than one interface , such as a custom control interface , data interface , audio , or mass storage related interfaces . additionally , a resource called the usb software resource center has this overview of cdc : there are three classes that make up the definition for communication devices : the communication device class , communication interface class and the data interface class . the communication device class is a device level definition and is used by the host to properly identify a communication device that may present several different types of interfaces . all of that is developer-speak , but it really just means that a usb cdc driver helps your pc 1 ) understand what services your phone can provide it and 2 ) start talking to your phone to use those services . i do not know for sure what service the cdc serial driver you see represents but i am pretty confident that installing the official samsung drivers for your phone would resolve the red x ( the drivers that windows installs automatically are sometimes generic and are often insufficient ) . in its current state , with your phone connected as an mtp device , do you have any trouble transferring files or doing anything else you want to do with your phone from your pc ? if you are not having trouble then it is possible the cdc serial driver is only used for connecting your phone as a modem or serial device ( as when communicating with your phone from the developer tool adb ) . if you are not planning to use your phone in this manner , you can safely ignore the failed installation of the cdc serial driver . i would not stress too much over it and would install the samsung drivers if you run into any trouble .
it works . game closure ( which is html/javascript ) runs on ouya . there are some posts by staff members on the mailing list . it takes some work to get controller support as of writing ( they are working on making it available out of the box ) .
no need to factory reset . just go to Settings &rarr ; Call . scroll down to the bottom and enable Show caller ID for missed calls on lock screen and status bar .
okay ; i finally figured this out ! go to the people app click on a contact to see the contact detail bring up the menu click Mark as default choose default picture , email , phone , etc .
assuming all other tablets are of identical model to the original , it should be as easy as rooting them , installing cwm , and then restoring the nandroid backup you made with the original one . keep in mind that nandroid utility does not back up the contents of the sd card . if duplicating the sd card is also required , that would need to be done separately .
that is a very interesting question . i am not sure if this can be done , to scramble the keypad 's number layout every-time on unlock to force you to slow down . you have pointed out the weakness in the security - smudges on the touchscreen ; the only thing that i can think of is this - wipe down the screen each time . . . now you may get funny looks from others , akin to taking off the glasses each time and wiping it cleanly to " see " again if you get my drift . i would not be surprised if there is a soft keyboard layout that appears at random intervals but i suspect its never thought of as it would drive users batty especially when texting . the lock-screen 's pin mechanism is in-built and to override that mechanism requires going down the unofficial programming interface that does not have the approval from google 's android development aspect . almost bordering on using malware techniques to achieve it . the other thing i can think of is to use a screen protector , in that way , the smudges will show on it but not on the actual touchscreen . despite saying that , one could theoretically sprinkle a bit of powder on the screen and gently brush it away to see where the fingerprint is on but that is going ott on the other hand , that is , if you watch too much ncis . . . : ) my suggestion - in the case of pattern unlock , do not allow " use visible pattern " or " use tactile feedback " under settings > location and security settings , to minimize breach . but however , your question is a worthy +1 from me from a security viewpoint . edit : just an afterthought after exchange on chat , it is quite possible in theory , to use a custom keyboard that is tied specifically to password input , the ones that shows an asterisk in place , and just randomize the keyboard layout with letters , numbers re-positioned at random intervals but that could have an adverse side effect , as in " darn it , now i have to be extra careful to , not to go too fast ! " or " darn it , one thing to do - uninstall it as tis annoying ! "
i have used a couple of different bluetooth keyboards and they all work pretty well on android . i would assume the apple keyboards would work just as well . i am a fan of logitech keyboards just because i have always used them and they have always worked . you can always just buy an apple keyboard and if it does not work you can just return it .
a surely working , but hard to achieve solution would be to set up an access-point where you log all the traffic and connect your phone to it .
ugh , that is 4 questions in one . our site works best with one question per post ; but let me try : how to install via cwm ( custom recovery ) ? usually , it is " install update . zip from sdcard " when the deal is to " install something via recovery " . by default , there should be an update.zip file in the root of the sdcard , which you then navigate to and select . hint : i always update it via google play ( the " normal way" ) . works smoothly , never had trouble , does not require a reboot . is the choice " install supersu into /system " supposed to still be possible to select after a successful install ? i would say " no " , but it depends . this usually moves the app from /data ( user-space ) to /system ( system-space ) . after having moved it , it should no longer be in its original location . but depending on how updates are installed ( supersu e.g. updates via google play , like any other app ) , this update could again end up in user-space , in which case the user might wish to " repeat " the system integration . how do i run an arbitrary program as root ? two-fold . first , " arbitrary programs " ( apps ) must request root access themselves , you cannot make them " run as root " . that is a little different when it comes to the command line : prefixing your commands with su makes the terminal app requesting root access . so you could e.g. list all directories below /data using su ls /data and succeed ( while a simple ls /data would not be able to access all files/sub-directories here ) . is it normal for supersu to " close " itself spontaneously while looking through the settings ? i have never experienced that , and i am using supersu on one of my devices for a year now ( the others have chainfire 's superuser ) . but i must admit i am not often calling it directly and stay there for longer . i mostly only see the access requests of apps , or the update recommendation via play : )
if you use the gmail app the mail is pushed instead of synced and therefore you cannot find the sync frequency setup . however , if you set up your gmail account in the android email app , where you can have your non gmail accounts ( pop3/imap/exchange ) , the mail is synced and you can set the frequency in the account settings , inside the email app .
he will still have access to all his purchases . he will not be able to access the uk google play store , unless he uses alternative methods ( vpn/tunneling/market enablers . . ) . assuming he managed to access the uk play store ( 2 ) , he will be able to purchase as normal provided that he has access to his uk credit/debit card . in order to purchase a nexus device , he has to use his uk credit/debit card , and select a uk address for shipping , and then have someone forward him the package . provided that the devices he purchased was activated in the uk , he should still the books and movies apps on his android phones/tablets . some devices however will automatically freeze these apps on boot if the device was not activated in a supported country . note : devices , books , magazines , music and movies and tv are not available in switzerland without using methods that bypass the restrictions . note : the answer above is based on my experience with dealing with google purchases , market restrictions , and international shipping . i have never dealt with the swiss google market specifically , but the experience should be the same .
how can i tell i am affected ? this is probably the first question to those not familiar with this topic . with gingerbread ( android 2.3 ) and above , you have got a service aboard helping you to figure out : battery statistics . though manufacturers tend to place it at different points , it is mostly found in settings &rarr ; about the phone &rarr ; battery or similar , and shows a list of the apps having used most of your battery . on top of that is a small graph . tap that , and it brings you to a screen similar to this one : screenshot of battery statistics on android 2.3 i chose a screenshot from one of my devices which illustrates the issue . looking at the lower two blue bars ( "aktiv " = device was kept awake ( active ) , " bildschirm an " = " screen on" ) , the right-most blue bar on " aktiv " indicates a wakelock : device was kept busy despite the fact the screen was turned off . so by this we can be pretty sure we have got a wakelock -- but we cannot tell who caused it . if your device does not offer this screen ( or the bars at the bottom : i just discovered e.g. the lg optimus 4x running android 4.0.3 has cut these bars off ) , you can find them e.g. using gsam battery monitor : similar information from gsam battery monitor -- here the mentioned " blue bars " are yellow/orange what caused the wakelock ? unfortunately , this question cannot be answered using pre-installed apps ( except for , maybe , some custom roms ) . but there are tools available that can . the best known candidate for this is betterbatterystats , and shows us the cause in its partial wakelocks section : screenshots from betterbatterystats in the first example 2 ( taken from the app 's playstore page ) , the event causing most of the wakelocks was a desired one : we do not want the playback stopped while listening to music . so the second example 3 ( taken from a real case on one of my devices ) might prove better : the topmost 3 events are caused by the very same app , which needed the wakelock to keep the imap push service active . for an alternative to betterbatterystats , check out the wakelock detector app mentioned in uzumapps ' answer -- which seems easier to handle especially for non-techies : wakelock detector -- click image to enlarge . ( source : google play ) what can be done ? if the case is as clear as in the second example in the previous section , the action is quite obvious -- at least in my case : i do not need to be informed immediately when a mail arrives ; a delay of 30min is absolutely acceptable . so i went into the mail app , disabled imap push ( see also : push email ) , and instead switched to a 30min poll interval . wakelocks did not entirely disappear , but dropped markably -- battery life improved noticably . then there is the case mentioned in the question itself : a bad behaving app not releasing its wakelock . confront the dev with your findings and ask for a fix . if he delivers : problem solved . if not : there is almost always an alternative app available . what if it is the android system itself ? yeah , sometimes it looks like just that : 98% or more consumed by some android service . oh , if it is 98% , in most cases the candidate is named locationmanagerservice . bad guy spying at us ? not necessarily . in this special case , the listed " bad guy " is not even guilty -- at least not directly . here it is another app requesting the current location too frequently . there is an excellent article on setera . org about this : pinpointing android locationmanagerservice battery drain . to give an abstract : it uses android 's dumpsys feature ( requires root ! ) to dump a system state , and lets you investigate the listeners established for the locationmanagerservice . a closer look at their configuration shows which are constantly " hammering " it for location info ( some do so permanently , i.e. without a break ) . as the app 's id is listed along , and at another place in the dump even together with the apps technical name , you can still identify it and take appropriate actions . and what about ufos ? unfortunately , there are such : apps which registered a wakelock -- and then exited without releasing it . what is left are unused f **ing obsoletes* -- wakelocks held for no use . so no way to simply bring the app to foreground and re-configure , or making it release its wakelocks . here the only solution known to me is a reboot -- and i would like to have a better solution . of course , if you know the guilty app , the steps concerning it are the same as above : inform the dev , get a fix -- or replace the app . but about getting rid of the current wakelock ? maybe somebody else can provide a better alternative to the reboot ? are there some recommended further readings ? sure . one for now , i may add more later : [ guide ] wakelocks definition and how to prevent them ( xda developers , march 2013 )
when you leave an app that was running in the screen , it stops running , but android keeps its process in memory . this means that next time you want that app in the foreground , or next time it runs a service in the background ( e . g . to check for email ) , the app can run again without android having to load it from storage again . this means it starts faster and uses less battery . apps that have been kept alive but not running in this way are called cached background processes . they still use some ram , but android will automatically remove them from ram if it needs to free it up for running apps , so they do not affect the amount of ram available to other apps .
the literature you read was wrong , then . link2sd only uses the extra partition . the main partition is still mounted under /media/sdcard or somewhere similar . with link2sd , you cannot physically remove the sd card , but you can mount the sd card on the computer . the second partition does not get mounted , so the apps are still accessible while the standard partition is mounted on the computer . if you want more space , you can always repartition your sd card manually on your computer , if your version of clockworkmod ( cwm ) does not have the size you desire . gparted on linux is a handy gui , and there are apps for mac and windows as well . and you can still install apps to your sd card the normal android way , though the dalvik cache and other data will still use up the internal memory ( which is likely limited in your case , as that is the reason to use link2sd in the first place ) . purpose of link2sd here 's an hypothetical example+ . you have 180mb free internal memory . you have a standard 16gb sd card . when you install an app to the sd card , 10%* of the app is actually still on the internal memory . so when you have installed 1.8gb of apps , you run out of internal memory , even though your external sd card could hold a bunch more . in comes link2sd . now , your sd card is actually 12gb standard and 4gb for linking . new apps get linked , but this time 100% of the app is moved , so you can install 4gb of apps instead of 1.8gb . you should not be limited to 4gb , either . clockworkmod ( cwm ) may only list 4gb as the maximum size , but you can use a computer to make the linking partition as large as you want . *made up percentage . it varies by app . +not so hypothetical . with my old optimus v , this was almost exactly my setup .
have you tried installing portugese* as a language in your phone settings ? your current language obviously does not contain that character . if you download and install the portugese* language pack for your phone , it should recognize that character in the wi-fi network name . alternately , you could try to manually add the wi-fi network to your phone using the network ssid . simply type in the correct ssid ( network name ) with the special character instead of trying to auto-detect the network . edit : as a quick and dirty solution , you could also use an app like wifi connection manager which claims to be able to handle special characters . also , according to this page ( stackexchange-url it seems like the default android encoding of ssid 's is the source of your problem . the only fix i have seen is using an app or writing your own driver or script to connect to the network using the correct encoding for special characters .
calendar snooze can repeat reminders until you acknowledge them , forever . it works with the default calendar app , and will let it keep syncing with google . you can customize how often the notification repeats , how many times ( including " keep repeating" ) , and you can customize two sets of reminders , for example repeating every minute for 5 minutes , and then ever 5 minutes for an hour . it can also use notifications , the led , text-to-speech , and alert popups . it also ( as the name suggests ) allows a very powerful snooze mechanism , with completely customizable snoozes .
i treat chargers with the same specs as interchangeable . . . many usb chargers are rated as 5v 500ma ( or . 5a ) ; in most cases , you should be able to interchange them ( it may take excellent eyesight to actually read the specs ; on my motoroloa chargers , they are very faintly engraved ) . some apple chargers produce more current than the standard 500ma , so i would not use them to charge products other than the intended . since most computer usb ports are rated for 500ma , chargers with the same rating should charge any usb-chargeable device without problems .
you cannot install cwm recovery onto the samsung galaxy tab p1000 via rom manager app . you will need to flash it via odin or heimdal utilities . xda-developers forums are a good start . i suggest reading up on the galaxy tab android development section . this thread seems to have good instructions for flashing clockworkmod v3 along with a euro-specific kernel . this should be a good start that will allow you to format the tab to ext4 file system , and allow for flashing other roms such as cm9 alpha/beta . what is in the package : galaxy tab ( euro ) kernel 1.4ghz clockspeed ( stock voltage ) voodoo sound patch v6 ( search the market for the voodoo control app ) 100 % mcr ext4 compatible and separate overcome version uv control by sysfs or app ( thanks to xan ) camera/key-backlight working uv lcd ( 3.3v to 2.6v ) thanks to koxudaxi uv ram ( 1.8v to 1.6v ) thanks to koxudaxi led flash for flash light apps thanks to koxudaxi filesystem support - ext2/ext3/ext4 frequencies 100/200/400/800/1000/1200/1400 rooted adb shell clockworkmod 3 ( thanks to paul obrien ) always backup your stuff before flashing anything . extract the zip and use heimdall to flash the zimage ( kernel directory ) . heimdall must be version 1.1.0 or greater . you must have the libusb drivers working in download mode before you can flash using heimdall . use the command line : heimdall flash --kernel zImage where zimage is the name of the kernel , full path names are allowed . downloadlink : galaxy tab 1.4ghz v16 - mcr version if you have a problem with the sensors just push this file to /system/lib/hw : http://xda.richardtrip.org/tab/sensors.default.so
i have three droid incredibles that we have replaced with different phones . the play store still works on all of them . check out this post for the most recent google play apk and side load it . if that does not work , i would recommend doing a factory reset . it seems like your system has gotten confused . alos , look into airplane mode wifi app to keep your wireless radio off but leave your wifi on .
in settings -> sd card and phone storage there is an option to format the sdcard . you first have to unmount the sdcard before you can format it .
after a bit of investigation , i found there is people already working on having cyanogenmod on this model : https://github.com/sebastian404/android_device_huawei_u8160
it depends on your model of phone . if there is no built-in compass calibration application from the manufacturer , then likely you can calibrate your compass by opening up any application that uses the compass , and moving the device in a certain manner . here are two types of movements to try : the " figure 8 pattern " easier said than understood . here 's what it looks like youtube video of figure 8 compass calibration . three axis rotations : rotate 360 around each of the three axes , so one full rotation with screen facing up , one full rotation " rolling " sideways , one full rotation " pitching " forward .
cleared dalvik cache and it worked .
as far as android is concerned , 4.2.1 to 4.2.2 contained only a few things . they include : show remaining time for downloads from the play store provide a system notification sound when wireless charging begins allows long-pressing on certain tiles in quick settings in reality , since you have a device that does not support wireless charging , the second point obviously does not apply to you . and since cm already heavily modified the tiles for quick settings and offers far more options that this update introduced , the only benefit you would get out of this update would be showing the remaining time . but , cm has new features being added all the time that are separate of the features added by google . if you look under settings -> about phone -> view changelog , you can see a big list of all the major features that cm 10.1 adds to google 's android 4.2.2 release . and if you want to look at all the specific changes ( usually around 10-50 per day , although , some are new features , some are bug fixes for devices not related to yours , and some are new/updated translations ) , you can see it online at http://changelog.bbqdroid.org and clicking on your device and cm version . you can browse through the changes for each nightly there , and although some of the subjects can be cryptic , you can still usually make out what new features are being introduced .
iphone emoticons are not character combinations like :- but they are single utf-16 character of emoticons called emoji which are not by default supported in android . by using some third party sms apps such as go sms pro and installing its emoji plugin you would be able to send and receive such iphone emoticons to/from your friend .
definitely it is related to low battery , i tried a couple of more tests and if the battery is &lt ; 20% this always happens .
according to this blog post , you need a 3.5mm -> rca/phono cable , and it goes in the headphone socket of the phone .
it is been reported as a known issue on code . google . com . there is a long list of 79 comments which seem to indicate that rooting and adding a program called " autostarts " fixes the problem . this is obviously not something everyone is going to want to do . . . be careful if you go that route .
this happened on my nexus - you just have to reboot your device , and the icon will show up . most likely niantic changed the launcher activity , so the short cut is no longer pointing to the correct activity , hence the error message . rebooting the device/restarting the launcher , and then re-adding the home screen shortcut will fix this .
it will not be on the windows filesystem . the emulator makes a .img file that it then mounts as the virtual sd card . so , to answer your question , the file is stored in the sdcard .img file in the avd folder . ( you may be able to extract it using winrar or another unzip utility . check the C:\Users\&lt;your username&gt;\.android\avd\&lt;avd name&gt;\sdcard.img ) edit : this program claims to mount .img files . i am using ubuntu though , so cannot test sorry .
i based my opinion on the phones i have used so far , but it seems , new devices do not care about usb mode , they just work . i used mtp and my android ide recognized the device . it made my day .
either your phone silently drops pings , or the router it is behind , either your wifi router , or the 3g network 's router that nats your phone drops them .
in gb 2.3 , the fonts folder is located in /system/fonts , how it works is this , for a font face , it copies the fonts to the original droid fonts names at the same time retaining the pre-defined font names in place . in my rom , i have this , from adb shell , notice how the names are retained but are in fact roboto fonts ! : ) sounds like the fonts are installed into a different name in which the rom is not picking it up . for example , suppose the font 's name is ' myfont . ttf ' and that gets copied over , but is not copied into ' droidsans . ttf ' . . . just a guess . btw , what android is that rom you are referring to ? edit : it has been ascertained that this is honeycomb ( android 3.2.1 ) . do the following : plug in cable to toshiba thrive from command line , issue this , adb shell ls /system/fonts select all the text of that output , copy to clipboard , and go to http://www.pastebin.com and create a new paste , paste in the contents and it will create a linky for everyone to see , put that linky into the comments below and will look at it : )
this icon simply means that there are more notifications to show , but there is not enough space left in the top status bar to show all notification icons ( that is why it does not have a matching notification ) .
long tap in your main launcher window --> ( personalize menu pops ) --> click on " display " --> lockscreen --> settings . you can only switch between application , but you cannot have more than 4 .
within the calendar app 's menu , see if the newly added calendar shows up in my calendars . select and sync your account . if it does not or you have problems , clear the data cache from within android 's main settings > applications section and resync .
it is samsung software , built into the system in certain samsung phones . like the dropbox app , it is a service to automatically upload photos you take on your phone ; it connects to your " samsung account " if you create one . it also integrates with dropbox to sync photos to the device gallery ; if you have " camera upload " turned on in dropbox as well , this probably results in your phone having two copies of each photo : the usual one , and one in cloudagent 's storage . you can change its settings by going into the main settings app and choosing cloud from the applications manager list ( in the device section ) . you can clear its data and disable it , or " freeze " the app if your device is rooted , and the only consequence is that photos from dropbox will not show up in gallery . if you have the dropbox app installed as well , dropbox can still sync ( and automatically upload photos ) without cloudagent running .
no . you can only do what you describe on samsung devices with their " knox " feature . this uses special security hardware to provide separate , isolated environments on your phone , so there is no way that information can leak from the " business " environment to the " personal " environment . it is present on their high-end phones since the galaxy s3 , and you can learn more on the official knox website . a similar feature , but for all android devices , is said to be coming in android l , but it is not ready yet . normal user profiles on android do not provide enough isolation for corporate security purposes . it is still possible for the profiles to share information , and for rogue apps with the right permissions to access data from all user profiles . if your device is stolen , it is still necessary to wipe the whole device to prevent an attacker getting access to the private data .
use android-vnc-viewer to mirror the desktop pc screen , and control the desktop i had another question on android[dot]stackexchange.com: ( in using a vnc to control a computer , is it possible to have the cursor go to where you touch ? - android [ dot ] stackexchange [ dot ] com/questions/34668/in-using-a-vnc-to-control-a-computer-is-it-possible-to-have-the-cursor-go-to-wh ) in the question , i included a video : remote control of ubuntu with android-vnc-viewer - www.youtube.com/watch?v=stkx6qmbgck#t=0m30s android-vnc-viewer see and control your computer 's desktop from your phone , from anywhere . androidvnc is the open source ( gpl ) remote desktop program for android devices . connects to most vnc servers : incl tightvnc , realvnc on win and linux , x11vnc , and apple remote desktop on os/x .  . in the video , i do not know the input mode that is being demonstrated at 0:30 , but it looks like the mouse cursor goes to where he touches . http://code.google.com/p/android-vnc-viewer/ i am guessing that the input mode in the video was either : touch mouse pan and zoom this is the default input mode and is designed to work like the android browser . you can both pan the display and control the mouse using the touchscreen and gestures . you pan by dragging or flicking on the touchscreen ; you click the mouse by tapping on it . you right-click by double-tapping ( or by holding down the camera button while tapping ) . you drag the mouse by doing a long press on the display , and then dragging . in this mode the trackball or dpad ( if your phone has one ) can also be used to control the mouse ; this may give you finer control . you can zoom the screen size with the +/- buttons , or , if your device supports multi-touch and has android 2.0+ , you can pinch to zoom out and spread to zoom in . or : mouse control mode in this mode , use the touchscreen to control the mouse . touching the screen generates a mouse click at that point ; dragging on the screen creates a mouse drag . keyboard events are sent as normal . the trackball is used to send arrow-key events to the vnc server . pressing the trackball toggles between mouse pointer control and desktop panning modes . port forwarding if the pc you are connecting to accesses the internet through a router , this will be the wan address assigned to the router by your isp ; you will also need to forward the vnc port ( 5900 ) from the router to your pc ( exactly how you do this depends on the details of your router , so i can not give more explicit instructions here ) . hacker 's keyboard - use a full soft keyboard on android from what i have read , the stock android keyboard does not have buttons such as ctrl , alt , esc , arrow keys , home , end , and delete . you can use the free , open source , app call hacker 's keyboard to gain access to the buttons of a full keyboard : are you missing the key layout you are used to from your computer ? this keyboard has separate number keys , punctuation in the usual places , and arrow keys . it is based on the aosp gingerbread soft keyboard , so it supports multitouch for the modifier keys . this keyboard is especially useful if you use connectbot for ssh access . it provides working tab/ctrl/esc keys , and the arrow keys are essential for devices such as the xoom tablet or nexus s that do not have a trackball or d-pad .  http://code[dot]google[dot]com/p/hackerskeyboard/ a patch that allows android-vnc-viewer to recognize all the keys of hacker 's keyboard in frequently asked questions of hacker 's keyboard , there is a section called android vnc viewer does not recognize the extra keys . it directs you to an issue called issue 238: support additional keys , fix modifier handling ( code [ dot ] google [ dot ] com/p/android-vnc-viewer/issues/detail ? id=238 ) . the patch there will make it so that android vnc viewer recognizes buttons of a full keyboard . update : bvnc bvnc is a secure , open source vnc client . tested with hackerskeyboard . using it is recommended ( get hackers keyboard from google play ) . play [ dot ] google [ dot ] com/store/apps/details ? id=com . iiordanov . freebvnc and hl=en github [ dot ] com/iiordanov/bvnc update 2: jump desktop vnc i currently and personally use jump desktop vnc because the bring-out-the-keyboard is close , and easily reachable . with bvnc , i have to tap near the middle of the screen , and then i press a keyboard button on the right to bring out the keyboard . jump desktop vnc also lets you use a google account , so you dont have to deal with addresses .
it primarily means that the boot loader is unlocked so it is much easier to upload rom 's for testing . additionally the default installation will be the original aosp version of the code and include root access to the phone 's software . it does not mean that the hardware is a " test " model . it is a fully developed phone . what it does not have is more important than what it does have . what it does not have is the additional locks and proprietary junk that a carrier modified phone normally has .
i actually had this very same issue . i contacted nextbook and it was very hard to get in touch with them by phone or email . finally i got an email back with some ideas , including doing a reset for the whole tablet . however , i believe what actually fixed it is that i bought a cheap hdmi to mini-hdmi cable on amazon to plug into my tv ( which works quite nicely ) and once i plugged it in and out , that seemed to fix the problem of sound not working/screen rotating . i have not seen the problem happen again , so i think there was just some slight connection problem that is now okay . i hope it works for you .
it is not a built-in feature on nexus devices , but samsung devices have this in the accessibility settings . inverting all colours is not much use , as some apps have light text on a dark background , and some apps have dark text on a light background . making text easier to read is better achieved by increasing the text size , which is an option on all android devices ( also in the accessibility settings ) .
it means that the recovery does not mount the internal memory by default , and you need to do so manually . on your pc download and install android sdk tools which gets you the adb utility . reboot your phone in recovery mode and connect it to your pc via usb cable . install the drivers if prompted ( use drivers that ship with sdk tools under the \sdk\extras\google\usb_driver\ subfolder . ) now run command prompt , navigate to where you installed the tools ( e . g . cd C:\Android SDK\sdk\platform-tools\ ) and issue the following command : adb shell mount /data you now should be able to use the " adb push " command in windows command prompt to copy files from your pc to the phone using the following syntax : adb push [path-to-file-on-your-pc] /data/ after the copy completes , you should be able to find the copied file in the recovery 's file browser .
make sure that the phone that you get has a micro-hdmi port , in addition to the traditional usb port . this will allow you to transfer video more easily . as you noticed , there are two types of converters- the tiny ones , and the large bulky ones with a power supply . the difference is , as stated on the link you sent , that : unlike passive adapters ligawo converter has a power supply , thereby allowing a built-in signal amplification and processing of the image . provides the signal source sufficient current through hdmi this converter can also be used without power supply . so yes , the larger ones with power supplies would probably be better in terms of signal quality , and could still be used without being plugged in . however , due to their bulk , the better signal processing ( i am not an expert on signal processing , so i do not know how large of a difference it would make- i have used the small kind , although with a laptop , and it worked perfectly fine ) might not be worth it- it is up to you to decide which type is right for you . as of how the resolution is scaled , it should work automatically for all , if not most , converters . just double check if it says something like " input resolution hdmi up to 1080p possible 480p - output resolution vga " ( from the link you sent ) . it should not be a problem to downscale to a specific amount that you want- in the settings -> hdmi -> hdmi format , you should be able to change the output resolution . for more info , look here- it is two years old , but the features should still be the same with new phones running jb/kitkat . as of the software to run , there are many free and premium solutions available in the google play store that will work well . if you prefer presenting with pdfs , pdf reader or office suite 7 should work . however , pdfs are a somewhat unconventional presentation format ( although they can work ) , so you should consider using actual presentation software for a better experience . google drive for mobile would work well , since you could edit your presentation on a computer ( or your phone ) and then present it on your phone , plus it is free . you could also use presentation pal , or office 2012: presentations , or some other presentation software- there are lots out there , and there is bound to be one that works good for you . all presentation software in the play store should work well for your purpose . i hope this helps !
currently this functionality does not seem to be possible using voice search . there is a free app in the market called navigationpro which is a little funky to figure out at first . it allows you to save locations and name them in the app . you can then enable the feature in the preferences for the app so that whenever you run the app it automatically prompts you for a name you can speak . once it recognizes the name it automatically goes to google maps and starts navigation for the address .
apparently the problem is with apps installing to the sd card . running the following command in the terminal fixed the problem for me : su rm /mnt/secure/asec/smdl2tmp1.asec 
for applications installed from market , you can go to Market &gt; Downloads for application name and developer info ; however built-in applications ( e . g . phone , calendar , other applications installed by default ) often are not shown in market list ( neither will they show in manage application either ) .
android , starting from 4.0 , does officially support a form of p2p wifi networking called wifi direct . a wifi direct-capable device can create an access point which any other wifi-capable device can access . i do not know about nexus 7 specifically , but galaxy nexus does support wifi direct so i would presume that so is nexus 7 .
cyanogenmod has its own ota updater . you will not get the official android updates , but the cm updates .
that is a standard android warning . you get that warning when you try to install any keyboard . nope , it will not collect any such data .
read [ this ] : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=1259739 after you flash the latest rom you could flash the usb host mode which is [ here ] : http://goo.im/devs/psyke83/roms/u8160/hotfixes called usbhost1-cm-7-20120729-madteam-u8160 . zip enjoy .
if your phone is rooted you can use link2sd : play store link home page but you will have to partition your sd card first using mini tool partition wizard and here 's the tutorial on how to partition your sd card this can move immovable and -of course- movable apps more efficiently than app2sd and saves more space because normal moving moves a small part of the app to sd card , while link2sd moves a big part of the app ( but not all of it ( user experience ) ) if your phone is not rooted : 1 . market apps : you can not know because market downloads apps and installs them instantly . 2 . apps which you have their apk you may find out by looking in the manifest . xml file inside the apk in android:installlocation="auto " as @rafael said .
you can do this by holding the power button + the home button simultaneously .
download a file mananger -- astro is quite popular -- and delete the contents of /mnt/sdcard/Downloads . the path may be different if your phone has large internal storage .
as of version 4.3.10 , the google play store now has a " recently updated " section under " my apps " , which is ultimately what i wanted .
you can try apk edit . launch apk edit . exe and load the apk file you need to change icon the exe will display the app icon and name under general tab you can change the icon and load the apk back to the phone note : this process will cause problem on update of the app . when google play notifies the update , you can uninstall the app , install the app again and change the icon .
a short google search for " spmo file " reveals that these are " speedview meta object " files and speed up the display of images . they are probably some sort of cache file and should be automatically recreated if you delete them .
you could try clicking the bottom right " repeat " icon , i.e. , if you have not tried that already .
in short : yes , you can use your nexus7 charger to charge your android phone . if the connectors are compatible , it will work without problems . i always use a single 2a usb charger for every phone , tablet and ereader that i have at home , and also for the raspberry pi .
( 1 ) what are the non-google alternatives to gmail , talk , voice , maps , google calendar on the nexus one ? can not say specifically about nexus one , but the stock android platform does not come with google-branded apps ; so , yes , it is possible for the phone to live without google . however , imo if you are using android and avoiding google 's services , you are missing a lot . the stock email application can sync to gmail or other mail services through imap and pop . however , just like syncing gmail from desktop through thunderbird/outlook , you will not be able to use the unique gmail features , like priority inbox , archival , labeling , etc . applications that uses cloud to device messaging ( a . k.a. push-to-device ) requires a google account . without c2dm , applications would have to poll their servers periodically , therefore draining the battery . there are alternative implementations c2dm that does not connect to google 's servers , however most programs are not designed for those alternative implementations and may have problems . google 's android market is the largest android market place . needless to say , you will not be able to download as much apps as easily if you avoid google 's android market . google maps and navigations can be replaced by , e.g. waze , navdroyd , ndrive , rmaps , etc . i do not think there is a good replacement for streetview , however . there are certainly replacements for google calendar , however , i have not used any of them , so i cannot comment on how good they are . ( 2 ) do they really perform as fast as the " native " google apps/services ? yes , if we are to believe google 's words , none of the google 's apps use any " hidden " android apis that could magically cause their software to outperform other applications . however , because google is google , google 's own apps typically have the best integration to the android platform and 3rd party programs typically would prefer to integrate their own apps with google 's applications . also , since nexus one is a " pure google experience " phone , this means rooting and installing custom roms on a nexus one is among the easiest from all android devices .
there are quite a few replacement dialer apps in the market - just search for ' dialer ' . there are quite a few , both paid and free . i have only tried one ( dialer one ) just to confirm that it can indeed replace the default dialer , but i do not think it is sensible to go into any particular dialer 's merits here .
there is a big chapter on that in andrew hoog 's android forensics book on that ( see this amazon list for available copies ) . unfortunately , that book does not come for free ( but from elsevier ; so prices range from ~usd 20 for the kindle edition to ~usd 50 for the print , with some crazy offers for ~usd 170+ as well ) , but it explains a lot of background not only interesting for forensik specialists . a german version of this book now is available for eur 35 , published by franzis ( which can be found e.g. on its german amazon page as well as on the publishers site , see this link ) . while the link to androiduserland given in a comment on the question contains a very rudimentary list , a better ( though also incomplete ) documentation can be found at robotz.com. as said , this is far from being complete , but better for understanding . i remember having seen another documentation at android . com -- some hints can be found there e.g. in the storage options ( check " internal storage " and " external storage " here ) . but a complete documentation of the file system hierarchy is missing here as well . so again , the most complete documentation known to me is hoog 's forensics book . german speakers might also be interested in taking a look into the chapter dateisysteme und datenstrukturen of my book " die androiden-toolbox " , which ( in this community edition ) is freely available in html , mobipocket and pdf versions here on my ebook server ( if you prefer a printed copy with a few more details , the ( extended ) franzis edition das inoffizielle android-systemhandbuch will be available end of this month , i.e. starting around the 26.11.2012 ) . disclosure : as said , i am the author of the second book mentioned . and , not yet mentioned , the translator for the german version of andrew hoog 's book . but that does not mean i hold back other sources here , of course .
when you create a new event , you should be able to select which calendar to add the event to . if you select an exchange-based calendar , the event will be synced to the server . by default the events are created in the phone 's local calendar .
depending on the set up of your profile use the following : in the task step add the if statement : %CNUM ~ 9*/8* this means that the step will be executed only for number starting with 9 or 8 . alternatively , set up the whole profile to only activate if the caller 's number starts with 8 or 9 . in event ( like incoming call ) settings : caller ( normally says optional ) specify 9*/8* this means the profile will be only activated if the number starts with 9 or 8 . hopefully , this will work for you . for more info see : http://tasker.dinglisch.net/userguide/en/matching.html
i do not believe this is a hardware limitation , but just the way the phone 's manufacturer chose to implement the battery reporting code . my droid 2 also only showed by 10% increments . however , on my current setup i am using the Circle Battery Widget available on the market and it displays the percentage in 1% increments .
not going to happen . sorry . while msm8655 supports gsm - play verizon 's version of radio software makes no use of it . you can not reflash the radio software because the bootloader is locked . and even if you could - the gsm bands are not " phased " in your phone . " phasing " is a process of calibrating the phone during manufacturing - without it you would get no 3g , at best you could probably get very poor 2g performance if any at all .
so i flashed the twrp recovery instead of clockworkrom , and this was able to activate mass storage mode . the rest was history - copied the rom zip file and installed it as usual . sadly , my internal 32 gb storage was totally wiped out , so i have lost my titaniumbackup folder , a bunch of songs ( that i can copy again anyway ) and some photos .
if it would use the only partition of your sdcard , apps would become unavailable if that card is mounted to e.g. your pc via ums ( usb mass storage ) . that is what happens with app2sd , and link2sd wants to avoid that . ever tried creating links on fat ( which is the file-system used on your card ) . this adds to the problem . using a separate partition , link2sd can make use of " advanced " file-system types , e.g. ext3/ext4 , which leads ( amongst other things ) to better performance . doing so with your only sdcard partition , this would introduce problems for windows users , as windows does not support ext file systems out-of-the-box these are the most obvious reasons for this decision . it might very well be i missed some more -- but these alone are enough to make it a wise decision : )
catch notes should accomplish this very well . they even have a widget that allows you to take a picture and go straight into their editor to comment and add notes . highly recommended . they also have a web counterpart which may make viewing/managing your notes easier . https://market.android.com/details?id=com.threebanana.notes
keepass is an option . you can set up the keepassdroid app to use a password database that you keep synced with dropbox ( a good tutorial is available at androidpolice ) . not very elegant , but it might be what you are looking for .
different wallpapers drain the battery differently . it really depends on how many different factors the wallpaper is paying attention to . is it just being pretty or is it altering itself based on every movement of your phone ? the best way to find out is to simply test it yourself . spend one charge of your phone running a live wallpaper . when you get near the end of the battery charge , open up your phone 's settings . go to " about phone " -> " battery " -> " battery use " . this screen will show you all services that have used up more than 2% of your battery 's charge . your first reaction will probably be that it is taking up a lot when you see " display " draining the most but that is not taking into account wallpaper . the live wallpaper , if it has used more than 2% ( some do not ) , will show up as it is own service . they will pull more than a normal wallpaper ( that is a given ) but some will not effect it the battery charge nearly as much as say your widgets or the brightness of the display . turn down the brightness and you could probably offset the difference in battery charge of running a live wallpaper .
if it is not rooted and not running a custom rom , a factory reset will reset everything back to stock and wipe the internal sd card . if you also wipe the external sd card , you will have a clean slate . checkout chapter update and reset , section resetting htc evo 3d , ( page 209 ) of the manual : http://www.htc.com/managed-assets/support/user-guide/user-manual/htc-evo-3d/110803_shooteru_htc_wwe_um.pdf quoting the manual : resetting htc evo 3d do a factory reset to return htc evo 3d to its original state before the first time you turned it on . if youre passing htc evo 3d on to someone else or htc evo 3d has a persistent problem that cannot be solved , you can perform a factory reset ( also called a hard reset ) . factory reset is not a step to be taken lightly . itll permanently delete all your data and customized settings , and will remove any applications youve downloaded and installed . be sure to back up any data and files you want to keep before you do a factory reset .
the easiest way , without using any specialised tools is just to visit that app 's page in the android market . all apps in the market have their package name as part of their url , so you can just take your package name and prefix it with https://market.android.com/details?id= to get https://market.android.com/details?id=com.letang.game103.en which will take you to the page for king fighter  by letang , inc .
the android developer documentation explains how to specify an intent in the argument to the am command . in your case you want -a to specify the action , -d to specify the data uri , and --ez to specify a boolean extra . you can find the action name by looking up Intent.ACTION_VIEW in the documentation . putting all of that together , you get:- am start -a android.intent.action.VIEW -d com.glass.videoglass:// --ez startFromWS true 
if it is a supported device , then this should basically be the process as it is the same for every supported device i have experienced . put the cyanogenmod update zip file on the device sdcard ( or internal storage ) also put the google apps update package that corresponds to the cm version on the sdcard boot the device in to recovery mode you can create a backup in the recovery image ( probably clockworkmod recovery ) clear the cache and wipe the data install zip from sdcard ( selecting the cyanogenmod zip ) install zip from sdcard ( selecting the google apps zip ) reboot the device . if you have rom manager , a lot of this process may even be easier . with rom manager , which can also install clockworkmod recovery if it is supported on the device , you can download cyanogenmod , the google apps package , clear the cache and user data , and perform the backup . it will then reboot the device and perform all those steps . now , as i said , i am not 100% sure that cm is supported on this device , so there may be other steps required to get an unofficial version working on the device . with that said , samsung devices are usually pretty easy to get back to the stock version if something goes wrong ( soft brick ) . it is pretty hard to brick these devices , i have had a couple scares , but i have always been able to revert back to original stock rom by using odin .
from previous experience , rebooting the device should fix the issue .
the privacy guard is not available on stable builds , only on nightlies . source : privacy guard probably will not make it to the stable build until the next major release ( 10.2 ) .
you could try to install sim contacts . i have not seen how to make it your default app for managing contacts , but i suppose you could drag the app icon to your homescreen or to the dock , so you can just access it quickly from there . with the sim contacts app , you can add , edit ( long-press on a contact and a menu will appear ) , or delete sim contacts . you can also choose to copy them on your phone . update #1: from izzy : also , if you do not want anything to be synced to google , make sure to turn off all sync options in settings  accounts and sync . by default , that is all enabled . as long as you add new contacts as sim contacts , they will not be synched to google . only contacts added as google contacts will be synched .
from your situation , the most likely cause is that the message centre is not set correctly . first , find out the correct setting from your carrier : it is probably on their website , or you can phone their support line and ask . once you know the correct setting , find the message centre option in the settings for the stock sms app , and set it correctly .
if you go into settings -> data usage you can see which apps are using the most data . it is possible to turn them off using data in the background by clicking on the app and then selecting " restrict background data " . see this and this for pictures and further detail . also if it is just email you are using you can probably turn it off automatically checking depending on the client and email service you are using . if you are using gmail then go into the gmail app , go to the settings for your account and turn off " sync gmail " .
is that for the cm9 rc1 that was released yesterday ? :d there is two things you need to do : remove the simlock first ! ( flashing a rom with simlock on could spell disaster ) unlock the bootloader to enable you to run custom roms . as for the way things are , there is no true cwm recovery for the sony due to the inherent nature of how sony does it ( its different ! ) - when you unlock the bootloader , you are also unlocking recovery but , the boot and recovery are residing on the one partition so do not try flash cwm into it otherwise bam , goodbye ! there is an app on the market , for a cwm which is not a real cwm ( it dumps its binaries into the /system directory ) which by the way , must remind you need root for this ! you will need se1tool ( iirc ) to flash the latest rom , you could also check out the freexperia project for information on this , freexperia is by jerpelea , which is now what you are seeing , as cm9 .
personally , i use quickcopy - it may be as close as you will get to your ideal . the only part it will not do is automatically paste into the field you want it to , but it does provide quick access .
i have not actually researched this answer , so take it with a grain of salt . basing it off of other development work i have done with mp3s in the past . i do not think there would be any reason that android would limit an application from reading the embedded lyrics ( or , rather lyrics from the id3 tag ) . because the tag supports this , really all you would need is a java library that you can bring into your android app that will read the lyrics . with that said , the lyrics tag tends to be a little more in the " advanced support " for many applications . everybody reads the title and artist tags . most people will even display the album art ( which is also part of the id3 ) . i have not researched any recent libraries , but if you are curious about the id3 tag in general , read this id3 easy article . so , the short answer is : no , nothing is stopping anybody from supporting it other than library support . either a library does not exist , or nobody cares to utilize that feature within an android media player . hope that helps !
to answer your question about launchers : yes , they are like explorer . exe on windows . most launchers will replace the home screens and app-launching window . some may even affect the app-switching , but you might have to play around with them . a short list ( note : not complete ) of alternative launcher apps : nova launcher adwlauncher / adwlauncher ex ( paid ) go launcher ex launcherpro / launcherpro plus unlocker ( paid ) looking at the above apps you can see how they change the look-and-feel of the bulk of android 's ui . i have tried most of the above , and each have extensive options and tweaking abilities to get your home screens and app launchers to look the way you want them .
try actually pasting it . you could try the often-built-in memo app , gmail , email , or something like docs to go if you want to save it .
google offers a tutorial on how to delete auto backups on their support site : how to delete auto backups
you can hae a look at airdroid for desktop sms . it works as a kind of web server on your phone , which means you have to access it from a secure web page ( downside : works only inside the same wifi network ) . but next to smses you can do a lot more with it , but i recommend you have a look at it yourself .
below is the output of " df -h -a " command on my nook color running cyanogenmod 7.0 rom ( 2.3.3 ) which gives you a break-down of the mounted partitions : out of 8 gigabytes of internal memory ~500 mb is reserved for the rom itself ( /rom and /system ) , ~1.5 gb is for app storage ( /data and /cache ) , 5 gb is for data storage ( /mnt/emmc ) and another ~500mb reserved for other miscellaneous android operations . you can also see my 8gb sd card mounted on /mnt/sdcard . keep in mind that these partitions can be ( and usually are ) remapped based on the needs of a given rom . in terms of your question regarding apps from the market , there are some limitations that mostly depend on the type and version of the rom you are planning to run . the biggest concern the screen resolution and lcd density . several apps , including the market itself ( vending . apk ) are quite picky about how well ( or even if ) they will work properly . most common side-effect is apps displaying in a tiny window instead of properly scaling . most can be fixed by disabling compatibility mode in spare parts , but some ( e . g . google reader ) will only function with a certain lcd density that could be in conflict with other apps . keep in mind that most of the custom roms for nook color are works in progress , so expect to see better compatibility with all apps going forward . also , if rumors of froyo ( 2.2 ) update for the official nook color firmware are true , we could see better performance once the official display/video/audio/etc . driver upgrades are rolled into custom roms .
to root a nook hd or hd+ you can use clockworkmod ( cwm ) recovery , a tool to install modifications to an android device . follow the instructions on this xda thread to create bootable micro sd from one the provided images . i used win32diskimager on a windows xp net-book with a built-in card-reader to burn a sd with the nookhd-bootable-cwm-6025-for-emmc-stock-small-rev2 . zip image . and i copied nookhd-hdplus-universal-root-rev1 . zip into it . once i could boot my nook from the cwm sd i made a backup and used " install zip from sd " to apply the nookhd-hdplus-universal-root-rev1 . zip more information and tips to be found at the xda thread
your ending question differs in a little but significant point from your introductionary question . but let 's go step by step : sure it is possible to install an older version of an app over an already installed newer version . for a user app : make sure you have permitted installation from unknown-sources ( see its tag-wiki for details ) open/launch the .apk file using a file manager , web browser , or similar the package installer should fire , asking you if you want to replace the installed app by this " older version " . but be aware that though installation most likely succeeds , the app might experience problems if the newer version e.g. had updated the structure of its database ( i had this only once yet , and the affected app just force-closed when trying to start it ) . if in such a case you insist on using the old version , the only way to make it work is to clear its cache and data . now to your final question . this is not just about installing an older version , but about signing it . yes , that can be done as well . you have simply got to ask the developer of the original app to give you his signing key . trouble is , his answer will ( and should ) be " no " . alternatively , you might give him the files and ask him to sign them with his key . assuming it is the manufacturer 's company behind it , the expected answer again is a " no " , though . so your real question rather reads : i have got an app already installed on my device . is it possible to install a different ( older ) version of it which has a different signature  without rooting and patching system with lucky patcher or previously uninstalling the newer version ? the answer is : no , that is not possible : signature check will fail , so you had have to uninstall the app first when using the " normal approach " as shown above overriding this signature check without root imho is not possible changing the signature to match imho is not possible unless you have got the developers key
try wifi file explorer ( also available in pro version with more features ) . it reads your sd card just like astro does , allows you to view it from a computer browser , and does not require root . you may be able to view your files from here , and if so , you can download them via wifi network . let us know if it works ! : )
same issue on an htc desire ( android 2.3.3 ) i had a crazy scrolling when tapping a text input field ( the field get the focus but was scrolled out of the screen ) and even worst : when entering values from the native keypad , each keytap was creating an arbitrary scroll . . after seeing this article i looked for some specific -webkit-transform tags and after removing them the issue is gone ! the lines were not even used , it was leftovers from previous attempts staying aside in a css file ! ! !
according to their dev blog , the appstore does download a small token for drm'd apps which it uses to validate them at launch : how can you verify that the user has an entitlement to the app without internet access ? during the installation process for an app , the amazon appstore client downloads a small token that grants the user the right to access the application . a valid token permits the user that purchased the app to access their app offline . the amazon appstore client will periodically communicate with amazon servers to refresh the token . my guess as to why you see the error is that the token is either out of date or just got corrupted somehow ( bug in the appstore maybe ) . re-downloading probably refreshes the token since it is originally retrieved at install time , but it sounds like you may also be able to clear the appstore data and sign in to get a valid token , or possibly just launch the appstore and let it connect/refresh itself ( have not tried these myself as i have not had this error yet ) .
i could solve the problem by updating to the newest firmware with kies . now my build number is froyo . xxjq3 and everythings works as it should .
i have found meridian player transcend and it is what i needed . i can play all the mp3 files from a folder ( all songs in an album )
just figured this one out having had the same problem myself ( htc desire hd , android 2.2 ) . . . . from the " all messages " view , press the menu button . a " drafts " icon appears ( a floppy disk icon ) - press that , and it takes you to a view of all your drafts . press and hold a draft message to view/delete or press the menu button again and select delete drafts to go to a view where you can bulk mark the drafts you want to delete . hope that helps !
if your device is rooted/unlocked , and you already use a custom recovery ( like clockworkmod or twrp ) , there is no need to downgrade first . flashing the custom-rom will either replace the complete system , regardless of the installed version : usually , the images contain complete " disk images " for all relevant partitions . if , on the other hand , your device is not rooted , and there does not exist any rooting solution for the currently installed android version , but only for ics : then yes , you might need to downgrade so you can gain root access to your device , and flash a custom recovery . on some devices it might be sufficient to simply unlock the bootloader in order to install a custom recovery or flash a custom rom . if that applies to your device , i must leave for someone else to answer .
since you do have working fastboot access , you have a few options from there : you can . . . get a custom recovery like twrp . then run fastboot flash recovery /path/to/twrp.img . with twrp , you can to try to reinstall roms , do factory resets , and make backups of your current system ( which may be a good idea , even if it is bricked ) . do a factory reset with fastboot format data and fastboot format cache . try to install stock android ( keeping data ) from the factory images by running included flash-base.sh , included in the image download . if all else fails , you can unbrick it by running the flash-all.sh - which will essentially reset it to a like-new state , with the stock os and no data . if you wind up doing a factory reset after all , you can use titanium backup to extract the apps and settings from the twrp backups .
i will answer my own question in the hope in helps others : i just had to reboot my device , and now when i start kindle the mobi files which i had copied to the kindle folder are present in the main screen . so obviously the kindle application must be restarted when you add ebooks to its folder ( without downloading them via the kindle store ) . update added the kindle folder : /sdcard/kindle  force closing and/or clearing the data , does not bring up an epub file i just copied to the folder . will let you know after some more testing . update 2 for those interested : the calibre software , can convert any e-book between numerous formats ( including epb and mobi ) . so , if the epub format is not recognized , just convert it to mobi and use the converted file .
if you do not mind paying a few bucks , i highly recommend tasker . this automation utility allows you to set up many built-in ( and some 3rd-party app ) android actions based on various parameters , including time of day . in tasker you will need to create 2 separate profiles , and to each add 2 actions . 1st action will be identical in both profiles - disabling the auto brightness . second one will be similar - a time-based action to change the display brightness , with time of day and brightness level being the differences . start tasker and tap the + button on the bottom o the main screen to create a new profile . give it a descriptive name , such as " brightness down " for example . choose the " time " context on the presented menu . for the " from:" option select the time of day you wish to have brightness lowered . un-check the " to:" option , and tap the green " accept " button . on the " task selection " dialog tap the " new task " button and name it " lower screen brightness " and tap the " accept " button . tap the "+" button to add an action , select " display " category , select the " auto brightness " action , select the " off " option on the " set " drop-down , and press the green " accept " button . tap the "+" button to add another action , select " display " category , elect the " display brightness " action , set the desirable low level ( 20 being the lowest recommended setting ) , ensure that both " ignore current level " and " immediate effect " options are checked , and tap the green " accept " button . tap the green " accept " button on the " task edit / . . . " screen . on the main screen tap the " brightness down " profile once , then tap on its wrench button , and select the " clone " option . tap the newly-cloned profile , tap its wrench button , select the " rename " option and name it " brightness up " . tap on the clock icon , select the " edit " option , change the " from:" time to the time of day when you had like brightness increased , and tap the green " accept " button . now tap on the task itself ( name you gave it in step 5 ) , select " rename " option , name it " increase screen brightness " , and tap the green " accept " button . tap the task again , and select the " edit " option . tap on the " display brightness " action , set the level to a higher setting , and tap the green " accept " button . tap the green " accept " button on the " task edit / . . . " screen . ensure that on the main screen , the button on bottom-right reads " on " , and exit the tasker app . you should now be all set .
after investigating further and looking at the partitions again , it turns out that i did have a totally full /data/data ( as described in a previous question ) . for posterity , here 's what i did : because diskusage , the app i normally use to investigate partition usage , had locked up as well i fired up terminal emulator ( luckily it was still working ) and followed this advice i found in an xda thread : you can check [ the partition utilization ] by running this command as root : df /data/data if you see % used = 100 then this is your problem . it was , in fact , 100% full . as soon as i moved some apps to my sd card my phone immediately started working again . i must've misread the free space of the partition when i first looked into it ( doh ! ) . the radio issues i was sure were involved ended up being a red herring .
i could have found the solution by myself . not sure because i have not tested it yet . for the backup/restore : titanium backup ( tutorial ) for the downgrade/unroot thing : first i could restore acer 's original recovery via acer recovery installer , then i could downgrade to hc3.0.1 with this i will give it a try it works perfectly ! ! !
a good keyword combination is already given by your question : a music player which should play folder-wise should be found using the keywords " folder play " , " folder player " , and similar combinations . in fact , there are even some players named exactly such , e.g. music folder player , folder player , and many more .
from the email app , press the menu key , then choose settings . pick account settings , then click the account you want to change on the next screen . after that , you have to scroll to the bottom to get more settings , and to the bottom again to change the incoming settings and outgoing settings . samsung appears to have taken lessons from microsoft on hiding important settings behind " advanced " buttons !
after reading the comment , i spotted the error . . . anirudh@kat ~/downloads/mkboot $ . /unpack-bootimg . pl /home/anirudh/downloads/boot . img-tools/source_img/boot . img kernel written to /home/anirudh/downloads/boot . img-tools/source_img/boot . img-kernel . gz ramdisk written to /home/anirudh/downloads/boot . img-tools/source_img/boot . img-ramdisk . cpio . gz gzip : . . //home/anirudh/downloads/boot . img-tools/source_img/boot . img-ramdisk . cpio . gz : no such file or directory cpio : premature end of archive extracted ramdisk contents to directory /home/anirudh/downloads/boot . img-tools/source_img/boot . img-ramdisk/ for the boot.img-ramdisk.cpio.gz - this needs special handling . . . try this : gzip -dc boot.img-ramdisk.cpio.gz | cpio -i  the way to do it is after unpacking the boot.img , create a directory called something like ramdisk , go into that directory and use gzip -dc ../boot.img-ramdisk.cpio.gz | cpio -i , the reason is , to organize the structure and files with minimum clutter . gzip decompresses the ramdisk archive to stdout , pipe it into cpio with the -i switch to read from stdin and it will correctly extract the data . to do the reverse , say after making a change here and there within the ramdisk directory : mkbootfs ramdisk/ | gzip &gt; my_new_ramdisk.gz 
try instacamera pro from google play store . it starts very fast and has preferences to start camera and takes photo just by a single touch from home screen of your phone : instacamera is the quickest way to take a photo with your phone . there is no long process : just press the widget and it takes a photo , then closes just as quickly . the paid pro version is supposed to be faster than the free version .
there is no incompatibility for backups/restores between cwm versions 2 . x , 3 . x and 4 . x . both the filenames and the contents of the backup files will be the same . with the cwm version 5 . x : it can read and restore the backup files created by all the older versions of cwm . if you create a backup with 5 . x , an try to restore it in one of the older cwm versions , two issues come up : file formats : the contents of /data and /sdcard/.android_secure are now in tar files instead of the old yaffs2 image files . filenames : the backup filenames have changed from partition_name.img to partition_name.fstype.ext . to answer your question : since you have files like the partition_name.fstype.ext , they refer to a backup from the cwm version 5 . x . e.g. , your file system.ext3.tar is from the partition system , using file system ext3 and backed up within a .tar file .
the droid 2 does not have fastboot mode ; its bootloader is locked . fastboot mode is really just the bootloader mode in other phones , like nexus phones . out of curiosity , where exactly did you hear that the d2 had a fastboot mode , and why do you want to access it ?
there is currently no way to set a system-wide policy for this . some apps do support doing things on wifi only , however . here 's some info on the apps you mentioned : you can go into the browser settings and uncheck load images . gmail does not load images unless you view a message and click a button to display them . i believe the touiteur twitter client allows you to disable images .
you can indeed . disclaimer : rooting may brick your device and invalidate your carrier and manufacturer warranty . i did not write the guide below ( full credit is due to the poster on xda developers , and i have left the words ' my ' in place but it is his work ) , and it is your responsibility to check you are happy to proceed . here be dragons . this guide was written in july of 2013 and i can not say for sure if it will work on android 4.3 and your particular bootloader at all . i have not tested this method . rooting form a pc is easier and has less scope for human errors and is liklier to work in general . this xda thread is relating to the sprint version but should apply to the s3 general . prerequisites the following files are attached to this post for convenience . download and install the apps , download and extract the zip file somewhere convenient . superuser by koush ( must be this one . you can change it later if you so desire . ) terminal emulator by jack palevich ( must be this one ) zip file , extracted somewhere convenient the goods these generic names will be used : /path/to/motochopperdir - this is the full path to the extracted motochopper-mobile directory or folder . example : /sdcard/motochopper-mobile ( will vary depending on where you extracted the files ) . note : after running the script , motochopper may or may not print " failed " , but the exploit does indeed work regardless of this . make sure you reboot for changes to take effect . download the attached zip file and both apps . install terminal emulator and superuser ( use a file manager , navigate to the downloaded . apk files and click on each file to install them ) . open up terminal emulator and type the following commands . press the enter key after each command . code : from there , my setup . sh script will handle the rest of the process . if you are still unsure , see my sample run below . sample run ( files were extracted to /sdcard/moto ) the links : android term . apk super user motochopper
try to look for bluetooth scanners . android supports bluetooth and there is sdk api for it so you could create your own app to receive and process data from scanner . one such device i could find : http://www.planon.com/products/docupen/xseries
easiest way . check your packaging . look for model describtion on the back of the other label . either z520 or z560 , the z520 is s4 , 560 is s3 . from wikipedia : processor and memory one version of the one s uses a qualcomm snapdragon s4 . . . in certain markets the one s uses the older snapdragon s3 . . . the two versions have slightly different packaging , the s4 is model z520e/z520m and states " processor : dual core , 1.5ghz"/"cpu speed 1.5 ghz , dual core , whereas the s3 is model z560e and states " processor : dual core " .
try this : take/ generate a public key of your android device . do not you ever hardcode your password into scripts : ) put it into .ssh/authorized_keys on main computer then use "from=" mask to limit ip/hostname to your lan , like from="192.168.1.*" . if ip range will not work , set up a fixed hostname for mac address of your device on wlan . some ap firmwares , like openwrt , allow it .
in order to do this , you would need a rooted phone , and flash a custom rom with the htc interface ( called sense ) built in . depending on your phone , it may or may not be there ( more likely not ) .
i have developed such an app called repetitouch . it is currently in beta stage and aimed at developers , but a limited free version is available here . however , it needs a rooted device running android 2.3 or later . as far as i know , currently no other app with this functionality exists , but there are some tools/scripts providing such features using a computer and an usb connection , e.g. , here . anyway , i discourage any use of any such apps or tools for farming .
i have been using the app thinking space . certainly not as efficient but good if i want to map a quick idea out .
i have heard from various sources that facebook ( and other companies , frankly ) do track geo-locations for various purposes , the first and foremost being that they want to serve you ads that you usually see around the web . i have also seen that they really do snoop around a lot ( on all of your devices , and yes , even without an account ) , so geo-locations are probably just the tip of the iceberg . you might want to check your privacy settings for facebook just to see what data is being collected . if you are tired of facebook eating up the storage on your mom 's phone , uninstalling should take care of that . of course , if you want your mom to be out of facebook 's peering eyes , good luck , because you really can never escape facebook trackers unless you suspend yourself from technology . hope this helped .
according to this thread on blenderartists , sensor size is 4.54  3.42 mm and focal length is 3.7mm , which gives a crop factor of 7.7 and a 35mm-equiv . focal length of 28.5 mm . be careful to check if the video is cropped in comparison to the still images , reducing the effective sensor size .
actually , with 2.3.5 . x version of gmail app , google added more notification options , although well hidden within the settings . in the main screen of the gmail app : press the menu key , go to more -> settings . tap on your google account , scroll down to the Notification settings section and ensure the Email notifications option is enabled . on the same screen , tap on the Labels to notify option . here " inbox " and " priority inbox " are always listed , as well as any labels you have created on the gmail 's web interface . for each label that you want to specify or change notification options , tap on the label , and in the pop-up window you will be able to select the following options : email notifications : whether or not to display the icon in the notification area when new e-mail comes in . ringtone : allows you to specify a custom ringtone , or set to " silent " for none . vibrate : specifies options for when/if to also vibrate on new mail . notify once : when checked , will only display notifications ( and sound/vibrate ) once for new mail until you dismiss it , otherwise will notify for each new e-mail . tap OK button , exit out of the settings , and you should be all set .
odin is samsung-only , you are right . ( and as far as i know it is not for all samsung phones either , though i could be wrong on that . ) since heimdall is , as far as i know , just an unofficial port of odin i would assume it is the same , but i have never used it . odin3 has a " dump " function that i had never used . it seems to be disabled in v1.8x and v1.7 , but not in v1.52 . i just tried it in v1.52 and it did not work . you hit the dump checkmark under Option , select an output file via the dump button under File [Dump] , then hit start . odin will say " onenand dump start " or similar as it backs up the device . it only backed up 1 kb of something before halting , though . odin just sat there without giving an error message . you might have different results with a different device ( i have a vibrant ) . i am also wondering whether my ext4 lagfix might be affecting this . perhaps later i will flash to stock 2.1 and try again . edit : no change on stock 2.1 jfd .
do you use any custom kernel or do you have stock factory default ? if you do not have stock then there is no recovery . if you have a custom kernel , you should press the vol down button when you see the kernel logo . that is because custom kernels have cwm recovery integrated , because xperia 2011 phones do not have a the recovery partition . for solution to your problem , you should use seus , that is the only way to fix a bootloop with stock kernel . you can download it from here : http://www.sonymobile.com/global-en/tools/update-service/ the software is self-explanatory and will guide you how to enter into flash mode . here 's a tutorial on how to use seus : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h_ocgb6asqq
just wanted to update this in case anyone else cares . this and many other streaming audio issues seem fixed in the latest ota : 3.70.651.1
a fix i have found and that works is to mount the sd card on a pc , open the * . android_secure* folder and delete a file named smdl2tmp1 . asec . it seems that it is a leftover file from a previous ( failed ? ) installation/update that prevents another update to run correctly .
boat browser has a floating tab feature that can minimize to the notification bar ( pulldown menu ) . you can also resize this window . it is the closest i can recommend . boat browser ( click for larger image )
the answer to this question is that no , neither android nor my carrier are arbitrarily blocking traffic on high-numbered ports . the problem is that i had forgotten how paranoid i am about security and that , in addition to making ssh listen on a non-standard port , i had also created an iptables rule to only allow connections to that port from my home ip address and my work ip address . obviously i was using a different ip address when attempting to connect via my phone , hence the failure to connect . ( and i probably did not look hard enough when prompted by @izzy to check server logs , because i am sure there is a record of the blocked connection attempt in there somewhere ) . d'oh . . . my apologies for wasting people 's time , but in case anybody else thinks they have a problem with android or their carrier arbitrarily blocking ports , hopefully this answer will prompt them to triple check everything about their connection , including their server firewall , before they go off logging tickets .
i thought that may be i could share the apk file through bluetooth from another phone and i succeed . here are the steps : all the steps are for the phone which already has gtalk installed . open file manager . go to system ( outside sdcard ) -> applications . search talk . apk . send it to the phone where you want to install gtalk by bluetooth ( or any other way ) . once talk . apk is already in your phone , just click it to install the app . i think ( not sure ) the second step requires rooting . also i am pretty sure that the native file manager does not allow you to go up from sdcard . i would need something like es file manager or astro file manager .
not really , no . it is generally up to each individual app to control how often it checks for updates and raises notifications . not all apps allow you to control that ( except , of course , for turning off notifications for that app altogether . )
switch the sim , answer no when whatsapp asks you to switch numbers . ref : stackexchange-url if you switch sim after installing whatsapp , you are good to go with the old number . the servers " save " your activation phone number during that initial sms . i tested it on my own phone ( it is a gingerbread p1000n - all hail the venerable p1000 ) with a borrowed sim card , the app just kept sending messages with my old phone number . whatsapp did not ask to switch numbers . there is a " change number " setting . if you reinstall the app while switching sim , then you have to restart and get a new number . about what is usually done when travelling , i can say from the world cup visitors we received , several just bought a new temporary sim card after arriving here in brazil . the local phone companies even set up special and attractive prepaid plans for the football fans . ymmv anyway , and you should check your home carrier overseas fees and the local fares . usually you can get a better deal buying a trowaway sim . here in brazil we even do it when traveling to another state . if you want to keep your number and still enjoy the reduced local mobile internet fees , you can try and get any old android device that can do tethering ( or buy a unlocked mobile hotspot ) , and then insert the other sim into that device , then tether the internet to your main phone using the old phone as a mobile hotspot . just turn off data and use wi-fi . on verizon 's global ( not really global ) plan , i urge you to read what peter shankman wrote of his personal experiences with that . my advice , is : do not . or if you do , monitor closely your fees .
you can back up your sd card to a pc by mounting it from the pc or over the network with a number of different syncing tools . this will not backup each application 's state unless they specifically have exported configuration to the sd card . this will include all your pictures . you cannot back up application state ( to a pc ) without root . see the other " possible duplicates " and " related " questions for how and why this is . there is supposedly a backup api built into android ( developer guide ) but i have yet to see that actually be used , or see any reports by others of it working .
without root : no , for security reasons this command is only accessible for the superuser . standard firmware , rooted : yes , if the partition you like to remount is not in a locked flash region ( htc calls that s-on/s-off )
there is a bluetooth connect and play app that can intercept the incoming " play " command . while it was originally designed to let you start a specific music app playing when a specific bluetooth device connects , you can instead select " stop music from playing " to keep any app from starting when the car connects .
i got it back . for answer check the xda forum with same question . . anybody in same condition . . please visit the link . .
how to find out what is going on as this problem can have many causes , it is important to first figure out the real culprit . without knowing that , attempted solutions are nothing but guesswork , and the process nothing but try-and-err . so here are a few steps : is it a hardware error on the card ? put the card in a different device . it the same problems occur there , we can rule out your problem is with the device , and it is rather the card . is the card corrupted ? you can put the card in a card reader , attach it to your computer , and have it checked there . with a terminal app , you could try the same from within your device , using the /sbin/fsck.vfat tool  but on your computer , graphical tools might assist you . check the android logs for related errors : our logging tag-wiki gives you some hints on how to do this . especially useful might be our question on how can i view and examine the android log ? the third step lead directly to the cultprit ( s ) in your case : corrupted files . deleting those made the card usable again . so next , let 's check a few possible causes : what could be possible culprits ? the card could be physically corrupted . in this case , the same errors should occur on other devices , and as well on your computer when using a card reader . only solution for this is to replace the card with a new one , as a " physical repair " is not possible . there might be problems with the contacts . here a few things could be tried , like cleaning the contacts of the card . if the same problem occurs with any card you put in your device , it is rather the device itself  in which case you had have to send it in for service . logical corruption of the cards file-system : the file system can get corrupted . this e.g. happens when you disconnect the card without cleanly unmounting it first . while in such a case the same problems should show up in any device using the card , some might be " more tolerant " on errors than others . so it does not hurt to check the file-system for errors  see step 2 in " how to find out " for checking . if there are errors found , the same tools usually can solve them . re-formatting the card would be a last resort for this as well . corrupted files on the card : the card might be physically perfect , and have no issues in the file-system . but in some cases , corrupted files might led to problems as well  especially if occuring on " central files " android is always looking for on the card when it is mounted ( in the /Android subdirectory , or while scanning for media ) . if you can read the card using a card-reader on your pc , you can make a backup there and then format the card  copying the files back one-by-one until the error occurs again , and then skip those corrupted files . easier approach is the one you have taken on my recommendation in the comments : check androids logs ( see step 3 on " how to find out" ) , and simply delete the culprits ( again , via a card reader  as you cannot do so on the device itself , which does not correctly mount the card anymore ) . possible solutions have already be mentioned along the lines , together with the related causes : cleaning the contacts of the card checking the card for file-system errors and , if there are any , have them repaired formatting the card 1 checking the android logs for other hints ( e . g . corrupted files , which then should be removed ) 1: remark : switching to an alternative file-system type does not affect whether formatting helps , but rather might lead to additional issues  as not all file-system types are supported by android . which are , differs from device to device , and depends on the rom used : vfat is the default shipping with most cards , and hence always supported . extfs is mostly supported as android uses it internally ( but might not be automatically detected , as it is not expected here ) . other types such as ntfs or hfs are very unlikely to be supported
llama ( free ! ) can also do this for you , and some say it is better than tasker . with llama , you can configure certain " areas " that trigger " events " when you enter them , or leave them , or are in them . you can also trigger events by time of day , or combine areas and times . a trigger can change the sound profile but also turn other services on or off - for instance , it could turn off wifi while you are neither home nor at work except during weekends .
will that erase anything on the phone rooting itself should not erase anything ( except for , maybe , temporary files created during the process ) . however , on some devices rooting requires to first unlock the bootloader -- and that usually includes a factory-reset ( which means : all data and user-installed apps are gone -- which you can work around on android 4.0+ performing an adb backup \u2013apk \u2013shared \u2013all \u2013f /path/to/backup.ab before performing the unlock , and adb restore /path/to/backup.ab afterwards , as compro01 pointed out in below comment ) . will it change anything other than the ability to run app ( s ) as rooted ? yes . as the necessary binaries ( usually su , SuperUser.apk/SuperSU.apk , and busybox with all its symlinks ) are pushed to the /system partition ( which otherwise is mounted read-only ) , it will change that partition . might sound trivial now , but the thing is : some ota-update s ( and other updates shipping directly from the manufacturer/provider ) first compare the partitions checksum . if that does not match ( and it will not after rooting ) , updates might be refused/failing . on the other hand : if those updates would not fail , you might lose root when they are applied . if they include a full /system image , that is .
developers can choose to target specific devices or not . presumably these apps are either limited to devices that are known to work , or have blacklisted the galaxy player due to incompatibility . another option is that some apps might be available only while connected to a cell network or a particular cell network . there are some at and t apps that are only available to those on at and t , for example , and i imagine this might be more broadly the case . here are some workarounds : get the app via another ( legitimate ) means , possibly the developer 's site or another app market . use an app like marketenabler ( requires root ) to fake a different network . edit your /system/build.prop file to report your device as a different device . only edit the device name and versions and so on , not other settings , or your device may stop working ! you should be able to google the various fields for other devices and see what to use if you want to mimic one . note that doing 2 or 3 in order to circumvent distribution controls may not be legal in your region . the onus is on you to ensure you are acting legally . i am not a lawyer and this is not legal advice . etc .
you have different options here : scp : as dan already pointed out , android soesn't ship with any ssh server by default . this means , to use scp as described in your question , you will first have to install an ssh server app on your device . ftp : other than you are assuming in your question , ftp can be scripted . but that might not come as easy as a simple scp command . and like with ssh , you first will need to install an ftp server app on your device as well . important note : many ftp clients/connections default to ascii transfer mode . if you want to copy binary ( basically : non-text ) files like images , audio/video , etc . , make sure you are in binary mode ( when using the command-line , that can be done by issuing the bin command ) . otherwise you might get " broken files " on the receiving end . adb : this is an option android even ships with , but by default bound to an usb connection . you had just need to enable usb debugging in developer settings , connect your device via usb , and then can use commands like adb push or adb pull to put files on your device or retrieve them from there . as you prefer doing that via wifi , there are several apps providing this as well . there might be additional possiblities , but the three mentioned above are the most used .
there is no power to the phone when it is off . it is actually off . the android os is designed to use minimal power when not in use . if you have a problem with the battery dying overnight , it is probably due to a third-party app .
not in the general case , no . it is possible to send an intent to start an activity or service ( or broadcast an intent to receivers ) using the am tool from the android shell ( and therefore from a pc using adb shell ) . what you can do that way depends on what intent filters the app 's developer has chosen to offer , and in most apps it does not include actions like deleting individual data items . an alternative approach is the monkeyrunner tool . this is a testing tool , and it lets you write a python script to send input events ( and the like ) via adb to an app running on your device . however , because it is designed for testing your own app , it is very limited in what it can do . to send a touch event , you have to program in the exact x and y co-ordinates that you want to touch : it can not record input and play it back later , like a general macro tool .
updating is sufficient . i think clear is for cases where you are offline and can not update .
while in this case it turned out to be a carrier issue ( and solved on the carrier 's end , see this comment ) , in other cases one of the test menus might prove helpful . for a starter , you can find a lot of " secret codes " in this list for the sgs , together with a short explanation . but use them on your own risk : )
i am posting the solution ( as @danhulme asked me ) despite the fact that it is trivial . if you already use latest drivers and have no option to reinstall a part or entire system , the only way is to keep trying with what you have again and again . i do not know what exactly happened , but after a day of trials ( plugging the new device and removing it , pointing the system to the drivers in this way or another ) it was finally connected . as for the other side-question about mtp , it was actually answered by @eldarerathis in comments : mtp mode can be enabled/disabled in settings > storage > ( overflow menu ) > usb computer connection .
a quick google search leads me to believe that the device in question is extremely osbscure . rooting it is probably possible , but almost definitely will not be easy . i was unable to find any methods for rooting it . a custom rom is almost entirely out of the question . i do not think there are any custom roms compatible with the device at all . additionally , i do not think there are any custom recovery options available to you at all . i would say that unless you are very experienced with treading where none have tread before for the device - gaining root manually , hacking , compiling kernels , compiling roms for the device - you are more or less out of luck . anyone feel free to correct me if i am wrong .
were these pre-installed apps ? you will not get market update notificatins for apps that are pre-installed , you have to go to the market and manually install any newer versions of the app and then you will get future updates via the market . the same thing happened with my droid . i heard about an update for facebook ( which came on my phone ) , but never saw an update in the market until i searched for it and manually installed the app .
since android does not really have control or alt , you might be able to get a virtual keyboard with them but i very much doubt there is a device with them on a physical keyboard . your best bet is a shell with support for these keys . terminal emulator does ctrl+key by holding volume down and pressing the key , for example .
afaik , android market shows the list of installed apps in chronological order . so the latest app you have installed should be on the top ( first ) of the list . the app that was installed before this - should be the second .
the before and after screenshots of the about screen confirm that i had the exact same android , baseband , and kernel versions , as well as the same build number actually , they do not . the first screenshot shows a build number of jwr66 v , and the second is jwr66 y . an official changelog has not been released , but t-mobile 's documentation indicates that the update contains " security " updates . you can also find some ( unofficial ) discussion of the actual code commits in this article . so although the version number was not incremented , it is a different build than you previously had .
are you using screen filtering apps ? because your screenshot looks red-dim . if yes , disable the screen filter app and it will work again . if you are not using any filtering app , try looking for screen-related apps installed on your phone . this kind of problem mostly related to screen-related apps . try disable them one by one in your settings-> apps and find which one is causing the problem .
there are many roms available for the desire based on stock android / the open souce project . i currently run cyanogen 's rom on my desire , but i have also used opendesire and many others . take a look on the xda forums . there is no ' official ' stock rom for the desire , because no one is selling in without the htc rom , but opendesire is as close to the open source project as you are likely to get , where as cyanogen 's rom is more feature packed ! you will of course need to root your phone to install custom roms . this is easily done on the desire using unrevoked .
this may be solved by clearing the cache and data of the dialler app . to do this , go to Settings  Apps  swipe to All  select the dialler application from the list  clear Cache and Data .
that very much depends on the update . the manufacturer/vendor might have made only " bug fixes " with this update -- but he might as well have decided to replace the entire system . in neither case you end up with an " empty shell " ( i wish that would be the case ! ) , as manufacturers/vendors are rather known to add stuff nobody really wants ( see : bloatware ) rather than to remove apps that ship with android by default -- but it might very well be that some apps got replaced or will simply be removed . what surely will be gone , according to the description you gave , are all your data and the apps you have installed yourself , as obviously the update implies a factory-reset . if your device is already running android 4.0 or higher , you might wish to take a look at full backup of non-rooted devices for how to make a good backup . at least apps+data should be restorable to a newer version of android then ; for other things ( sms , call logs , etc . ) you might rather prefer some dedicated tool -- or rely on your google-cloud-synced data and pray they will restore automatically ( if they start to , do not interrupt them : you cannot re-start the restore , which is one thing making it so unreliable ) . see also the backup tag and especially its tag-wiki for details on available backup methods plus hints for recommended readings on this topic .
i figured it out myself . here 's how i fixed it : as it turns out , the message that says " too many unsent multimedia messages " actually means that there are too many unset multimedia messages ( who would have thought it ! ) . i went into the stock message client ( the one that came with the phone ) , clicked the menu button , and selected the " unsent " menu tab . then i clicked the menu button again , and selected the " delete " tab . then i just deleted all of the unsent messages . now it works fine . not sure why there was a limit on how many unsent messages there could be , and i am still not sure why it worked with the stock client , and handcent , but not go sms , but , now it works !
if you are willing to use external hardware , one good option is an external hdmi capture card and a usb to hdmi cable . for example a Blackmagic Design : UltraStudio Mini Recorder is only $145 for an hd-sdi and hdmi thunderbolt device , and a micro usb to hdmi cable can go for as little as $10 . this way the recording does not affect the performance of your device or app . more expensive than an app on the device , but much more flexible .
you would need a rooted device to do this . first browse the photos you want to download . now open any file explorer app like root explorer . navigate to /data/data/com.instagram.android/cache via root explorer . the files here would be named something like ccf3a266.0 , copy the file you want or entire folder and paste it on your sd card . now open these .0 files in your pc via a image viewer like irfanview . you can sort the files by size to determine large images . the .0 files are cahce files and some of these are essentially JPG image files and quality may depend upon your device i believe because it would download compressed image if the device screen/density is small . ( that is just a theory ) .
two times yes : of course it can be removed , and of course it can be useful . at that place clockworkmod stores the nandroid backups you have created with it , and from that place you can restore them when need for that arrives . in case of an external sdcard , and when space on it is precious to you , you could simply copy its contents to your computer , and then empty the directory . or just keep the latest backup on it . if you need to restore one of the removed backups , it then would be possible to use a card reader , copy them back , and re-insert the card to your device so they can be found .
will i be able to get ota updates if i install this ? csc of XSA or VUA works for australia . as long as it is stock rom , you should be able to get ota update . if it does not work , try to update via kies on your pc . i have read that it might have problems if the modem and csc do not match up . it is ok for modem and csc to be different , but csc must be correct if you want ota updates .
youtube now has updated their player and to jump to small area , there is now a popup slider for us to pick the point .
download mode is for flashing radio firmware/rom upgrade through official means . some devices uses u-boot over the generic boot , it is a boot-loader code found in read-only rom chip on the board , which uses a certain memory address offset , in which the kernel from the /boot partition gets loaded into that specific certain memory address offset and jumps into that address and the kernel starts running . for details of the generic lk boot which is employed by most , if not all , qualcomm based devices , see this as for download mode , for example odin is commonly used on samsung devices to flash roms , those devices needs to be in download mode prior to flashing . however , odin is not the official way to do it , rather kies , is the official route in upgrading the firmware , this is for samsung devices for example .
there is an app for that ! it does exactly what you want and even lets you share to more than one app at the same time . it really ought to be something the system options let you do , but anyway . the only problem is that the app apparently has some issues with some apps in ics , but i can not speak to that from experience . https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.andmadesoft.share
those instructions sound incomplete . you need to press the Menu button on the wi-fi settings screen . Advanced will be in the menu .
so the problem was : market and market updater were not signed by the same key , no idea why . as a result , the market was not able to send an intent to a receiver in the market updater that was protected by a signature-level permission . here 's what i have done . i took marketupdater . apk from the device . i took it apart with apktool: apktool d -s MarketUpdater.apk mu  i then opened the androidmanifest . xml . i changed the package attribute under &lt;manifest&gt; to package="com.android.vending.updateralt"  that was to avoid a name clash with the vanilla market updater app . changed the &lt;receiver&gt; element 's header to this : &lt;receiver android:name="com.android.vending.updater.UpdateMarketReceiver"&gt;  see - no permission attribute . no longer requiring that the intent sender is signed by the same certificate . spelling out the java package name in android:name was necessary , since the apk package name no longer matched the java package name of the class . i then packaged the apk back : apktool b mu MarketUpdaterAlt.apk  i signed the apk , using the jarsigner tool , with an arbitrary key that i had from another project : uploaded the apk to /system/app , registered with pm: adb push MarketUpdaterAlt.apk /system/app adb shell pm install -r /system/app/MarketUpdaterAlt.apk  and forced a market self-update . removed the preferences file : adb shell rm /data/data/com.android.vending/shared_prefs/*  then restarted the market , waited for five minutes , and closed the market . the update went through like a charm . now i have market 2.3.6 , in-app billing and all . good thing the permission-based coupling between the market and market updater was not two-way . . . edit : the alternative updater apk is available for all at http://www.jishop.com/temp/marketupdateralt.apk
most phones have separate ap ( application processor ) and bp ( baseband processor aka modem aka radio ) . " rooting " results in gaining control over the ap . the carrier " subsidy " lock is residing in bp . most custom roms just include stock ( i.e. . still locked ) bp image as a binary blob . since the bp code is proprietary and never gets released to public .
the root of the problem is internet sync related . the system is not able to sync internet settings . http://blog.abrah.am/2011/12/sync-is-currently-experiencing-problems.html
yes , you will be able to use the logitech revue google tv unit without the set-top box . i am doing this with the sony blueray player w/gtv . during the set-up process simply skip the section for setting up the tv provider and you should be all set . here is a youtube video of a revue functioning without a cable or satellite stb .
aha i have found it : the emails were still in the trash . once i viewed the trash , highlighted them all , and than choose the ' delete permanently ' , than when syncing on the device , the ' deleted ' mails were gone too . gathrawn was so convincing in his reply that they should have been deleted , i investigated some more . . . thanks . i will keep my answer here , since it might help others in the future .
i have had the same problem since upgrading my rom . the solution i am going to present will lead to the loss of unsent emails , so copy them to somewhere . you have to clear the application data . to do that you go to : settings > applications > manage applications look for gmail and clear data it will synchronize again with gmail servers and the problem should be solved . send a test e-mail to yourself .
open the " people " application and press the menu key , and then " view " and click " only contacts with phone numbers "
there are slightly different opinions around on this topic . to fully understand the issue , one needs to first understand how liio batteries work ( which goes a little too far for our site , so please read details on wikipedia ) . lie ryan is absolutely right : liio batteries do not take it well to be fully discharged . it should not be done too often . i am not sure what a double-take should improve here . usually there is no need to do that " explicitly " . if you think of how often you end up with an empty batterie ( as it does not last long enough ) , calibration is already done as a side-effect ( if you then fully charge ) . it is widely agreed that it should not be done more often than once in 60 . . 90 days , so logas might have mistaken the term . see previous point : ) i never saw reason to calibrate any of my devices ' battery , though . it certainly cannot hurt to do it with the device turned off , as then it is not being charged and discharged at the same time . i doubt it is really necessary , but it does no harm : )
assuming you have previously installed appbrain and synced your device , you can do the following : from google play market download and install appbrain and fast web installer apps . open the fast web installer and sign in with your google account ( same one you are using on play store ) . open the appbrain app , and sign in with your appbrain account . go to preferences , and then use the " enable fast web install " option . under menu go to " more lists . . . " option , select the previously synced list , tap the " add all apps " button , and tap the back button . tap the " execute " button , and after reviewing the permissions tap the " install " button . this should download and install apps in batch , without having to confirm each one separately . you can also create lists of apps via appbrain 's site , and these lists should show up in the app .
/proc/config.gz ( and consequently .config ) , a file containing all needed flags for the linux kernel building process , can only be found if the kernel maker / your device manufacturer explicitly enabled config.gz availability when the linux kernel was being built . so if it is not present in /proc , you had have to either do a trial-and-error , get help from somebody else , or contact the manufacturer .
you can perform updates on installed app 's accessing the play store : find the play store icon on your home screen or in your app drawer and tap it to open it up . once the play store loads , tap the menu button on your device and choose the " my apps " option . wait until the list gets filled . if there are available updates you will see:: a text that says " update " to the right of the app 's name , you can long press it to update that app ; additionally , you can press " update " on the top of the list to update all app 's . usually a number is present to the right , that refers to the total number of updates available .
just a guess , but worth trying : i did the same with locus maps . i created a kml , which imported fine , and could be used as layer there ( locus even supports kmz containing images and more , so you could use that for a " self-made travel guide" ) . the article using kml files on the same site suggests at least the kml part should work with osmand as well , so i considered placing this as answer ( instead of making it a comment ) . this article even explicitly mentions pois  which probably is the reason your linked article contained that few details : you may use any format containing your pois , if you are able to convert it to osm format . and all points inside the kml file are converted into osm points , assigning them some properties like tourism category and museum type . note the categories mentioned here match those on your linked article .
there are several approaches possible . some devices already ship with some kind of power management , which just needs to be enabled ( check in settings ) . apart from that , specific power management apps are available in the playstore . e.g. battery life saver can be configured to take actions on " battery low " , like switching off wifi , bt , and others ( not sure if a power-off is included here as well ) . big battery promises to allow a shutdown at battery-low in its donate version . and then there is always tasker to do things like shutting down the device at 20% , or shutting off wifi etc . at 30% , and so on . as a free alternative , automateit can do the same . but i am afraid in both cases , this will require a rooted device .
i fixed it : ) in case somebody is in the same situation , here is what i did : i flashed my phone to its original rom using flashtool ( if u dont know how to use it go here ) thats it thanks everyone
as noted in the answers to the questions you linked to it is not possible to just sign out of the gmail application and not other google services . in order to achieve the functionality you want though have you considered using an application lock such as app lock ? with this you can require a pin to open the gmail app . whilst it does not turn off email access it will prevent the whole family from being able to access your mail . n.b. if you have kids using it as well then it might be worth requiring a pin in order to purchase anything on the play store , this might prevent some nasty surprises appearing on your credit card bill . you can see how to do this here .
all contacts that have a group will sync . those contacts that do not have a group ( ie " other contacts" ) will not . go to gmail on a pc and choose contacts ( i have not tested from a phone ) . there is a default group called " my contacts " and there is a default group called " other contacts " i would guess you do not have any or very few in " my contacts " . open a contact and make sure they are assigned a group . either " my contacts " or a custom group underneath that . this way you can still have contacts in gmail without having them in your phone . btw anytime you get an email and the contact is new , it is put in " other contacts " .
here is the google play link for google voice , if that is what you have been looking for . total offline answering machine functionality is not possible due to androids technical barriers . see this thread on xda . you can use apps like youmail visual voicemail which sounds promising . if not , you can easily find many alternatives after a quick search on google play .
while i do not know any built-in solution , there are several birthday reminder apps available on the playstore promising exactly that , e.g. : birthdays ( including widgets ) birthdays ( puts them in your notification bar when due ) birthday reminder ( again notifications ) many more the 3 example apps i have picked above use your google contacts to check for birthdays , so you do not need to manage a separate list . others might use their own databases , so check their descriptions . there might be " privacy issues " when those apps have access to your contacts ( which is needed for the birthday reminders ) and full internet ( e . g . for ads ) at the same time , which you might wish to keep an eye on while picking a suiting app .
no , not if you are using the google authenticator app . you will be able to receive the sms with the code , but you will not be able to link the app . always print out your backup codes in case of this : account - security - 2 step verification - backup codes
afaik , cm does not ( yet ) support to configure it . issue 5268 at the cm tracker addresses this ( yours , i take it ? ) - so anybody else affected is encouraged to " star " it . meanwhile , an app named call waiting configurations might provide a work-around ( not sure , i did not test it myself ) until the cm team adds the possibility of configuration . or you could instead activate the checkbox to " vibrate on call waiting": additionally , the following apps might be worth checking : advanced call settings call wait vibrate
you can access the built-in graphic equalizer by going to settings , then sound , then audio effects .
okay since no one is willing to answer this question , i figured something out myself . here 's the key points : dlna : tcp level , http+soap interface based on upnp technology pull and push media contents remote control play/pause/seek miracast : transport layer protocol ap makes two device handshake , then two device communicate directly via wireless not only stream video/audio contents , but also mirro device screens from one to another .
i updated my s3 from android 4.1.2 ( stock samsung rom ) to 4.3 a couple of days ago . the problem had happened consistently for me for a year and a half , exactly as described above , in two 4.0 . x ( ics ) versions as well as in jelly bean 4.1 , but in 4.3 it appears to finally been fixed : after the update i copied many files with unicode hebrew names to my microsd card , and they have survived numerous unmount/remounts of the card and phone restarts with no issues . incidentally , another issue i had been encountering was that automatic rescans of the media folders on the card ( done by android 's " media storage " system app ) , which occur every time a card is inserted or the phone is disconnected from usb , were taking a very long time ( sometimes hours ) . this in turn caused issue with syncing my large music library between my mac and phone using the isyncr utility . this issue has also completely gone away , and i suspect that the android media scanner was not dealing well with the corrupted files . additional details : phone : gt-i9300 international version , unrooted , running the official israeli unbranded samsung firmware . card : sandisk 64gb class 10 ( same as original asker 's iiuc ) , formatted to exfat on a mac . i did not even bother reformatting after the 4.3 upgrade -- i simply mounted the card on the mac in order to erase all the existing corrupted 0-length files , which as noted cannot be deleted by the various android file utilities .
yes , just copy the /system/etc/apns-conf.xml file . you can also use an app like apn backup and restore : https://market.android.com/details?id=com.riteshsahu.apnbackuprestore edit : to backup manually-entered apns ( or ones otherwise not part of your rom , such as ones " imported " when you insert a new sim card ) you also need to back up /data/data/com.android.settings/shared_prefs/com.android.settings_preferences.x\xadml  apn backup and restore does not do this .
it does not look like there is any reliable way to unlock it without the unlock code . you should call the carrier and ask them to help you unlock it . most will give you the code if you are persistent enough , and apparently you can enter it by typing *#06# on the dialer .
f-droid is an open source ( and free ) market of android apps . as far as i remember , they are ad free ( or there is at least an in app option to filter the apps ) .
it looks like they explicitly support a few hundred ( 650 , as of this reading ) rewards programs . so they do not support just every last bar code you might want to store , unfortunately . that said , they do show a toys r us reward card in their banner graphic so you had think it ought to upload that one . my guess is that you should nudge them about the reward cards you have not been able to scan : http://www.keyringapp.com/
this is a known bug in xperia z ( sources 1 and 2 ) . currently the only way to restore the led functionality is to : de-select Settings -&gt; Backup &amp; reset -&gt; Backup my data and Automatic restore perform a factory reset from Settings -&gt; Backup &amp; reset -&gt; Factory data reset complete the reset manually ( that is , without restoring apps/data from the google account ) hopefully this will be corrected in the next update .
this is a new feature as of android 4.2 . it serves two purposes : to focus your camera on what you click on long press it and you get a radial menu of different camera settings to change ( flash on/off , etc ) . this is the exact same behavior as if you clicked the icon in the top right corner of your screenshot .
no , 4.3 does not address that at all . you will still have to use the kernel that ziddey has posted on xda-developers . com .
your phone should be fine . android wont route phone calls through headphones though , iphone can be set to do so and uses the phones microphone . an option i use to attach standard headphone to my galaxy s is a simple bluetooth headphone adapter ( 10 from amazon ) , that way i get to use my headphones and make calls via them , plus you can keep you phone in your pocket when skating into town !
this was originally going to be a comment , as i am not 100% sure of its accuracy , but here goes : at least with the stock gingerbread browser , every link that you click makes the browser broadcast an intent to see which apps respond saying that they can handle the link 's target themselves ( like when you follow a play store link and it asks you if you want to open it in the browser ( play.google.com ) or in the play store app ) . since no apps respond the browser essentially ignores it . when you ask to open it in a new tab , the browser already knows exactly what you wantit to do with the link , so instead of querying your apps , it simply opens the link in the new tab ( like opening a new tab and typing in the url ) . so that is why it works when you open in a new tab , but not when you simply click the link . as for a solution , you could try http server , airdroid or similar apps . once you setup the server , your target addresses should look something like http://127.0.0.1/whatever . since this has an http:// protocol the browser recognizes this . edit : to my understanding , you can also use other ( potentially free ) server apps , like airdroid . when it tells you your ip address is http://xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx:abcd , you use that when you are connecting from another device , like your computer . but when you are using the same phone that you are running the server on , just go to http://127.0.0.1:abcd in your android 's browser .
duckduckgo
go to task manager icon from round lighted main icon at bottom center of phone . once task manger is running , click on auto end list and remove your connect music app or any other app that plays music . thats it . also notice before you do the operatino above that musics would stops playing after about 2 minutes . because that is the default setting for the auto end list in the task manager app .
the error message in this case is misleading : it is not that greasemonkey is incompatible with that version number , rather that it is incompatible with firefox for android . the extension mechanism in firefox for android is somewhat different to firefox on desktops , so add-ons for desktop firefox will not work ( in general ) on android . to find out if/when android support is planned , or to help out , you could start by contacting the gresemonkey-users mailing list .
android 's hotkey to take screenshots is vol down and power pressed simultaneously for about 3 seconds . the delay is there to prevent accidental presses . ( samsung phones hotkey is the power and home button )
the naming convention is derived from the java standards , and is comparable to an url , but in reverse . the key here is that it has to be unique , that is why it is so specific . in you example , com is the main category which is comparable to a top level domain , which can also be com . next is the company name king , which can be compared to a domain name , and finally candycrushsaga , which could be a subdomain . since the names have to be unique , this naming schema is quite usual , but can sometimes be divided even further by adding a subproject name to the end . for example king could separate games from other apps they have created by using the name com.king.games.candycrushsaga . according to java standards , the first component has to be a valid top level domain ( com , net , edu , gov , country-specific ) , but i remember also seeing package names that did not respect the standard .
once you have created a folder in the apps ( i.e. . i created a " temp" ) and then remove it : 1 . go to the app drawer , apps , and find the panel holding the folder . 2 . menu > edit 3 . press and hold the folder until " remove " appears . 4 . drag to trash can ( remove ) . 5 . save gone .
you can specify and logic in contexts , not just tasks . do not forget that you can have multiple contexts that must all be met ( logical and ) before the task ( s ) run . try adding the context State &gt; Call [Any, Invert = YES] ; this would mean the profile will only activate 1 ) when a text is received and 2 ) no call is active .
the knox container will be wiped . knox is a sandboxed instance of android with its own separate security policy . exchange 's device administrator has no access to the contents of your phone outside of knox and cannot wipe your personal data .
quadrant also give me the same information that android system info .
it is not actually possible to fully disable the led for gmail without disabling email notifications altogether . your only alternative is to use an app like lightflow ( of which there is a free , ' lite ' edition ) . hopefully there will be a fix for this in a future update .
ok got it sorted . . . just writing this down incase anyone stumbles across the same issue . . . deleted both accounts and recreated them , now it works : )
open source archive is for the developers or rom cooks . it contains files which can be used when building a kernel . this is mainly intended for experienced developers and not for normal phone users
in order to connect to a given 3g/3.5g network , your phone must support the correct band . based on the sparse information i was able to gather , it seems that claro is using bands ii and v ( 1900 and 850 ) it seems that there are at least three different models of the htc desire , of which the htc triumph / desire us a8182 and htc desire telstra a8183 support bands ii and v . the third model , htc desire a8181 supports bands i and viii instead . if your phone has the correct apn , supports the correct bands , and 3g is not disabled it should just work .
go to the contact you want to add the ringtone to , press the menu button in the top right corner and select Set ringtone . the mp3 file has to be in the /sdcard/Ringtones/ directory for the phone to find it .
seeing a file name like Computer\Nexus 4\Internal storage\Music\Christina St\u7709rmer\Freier Fall\1 Geh nicht wenn du kommst.mp3 points to a special problem with " special characters " ( such as german umlauts ) which got messed up on data transfer : while windoze uses its own character set ( ms-ansi or wone of the win-12xx , depending on configuration ) , android expects utf-8 -- which is why it is a good custom to use only 7-bit ascii characters in file names . due to this mismatch and the " unidentifyable character " , the media scanner most likely has crashed . which resulted in the media database not being populated , from which follows : the players think " no media files there " . proposed actions i would suggest to either temporarily delete or at least rename all affected files , so that no file with " special characters " in its name remains . then have the media scanner run again ( e . g . triggering it with rescan sd ) . once that is finished , i am pretty sure your media player ( s ) will find something to play ( with ) . that being approved , you know what to look for in the future . as said before , i strongly recommend to restict characters in file names to 7-bit ascii -- that avoids a lot of problems , though some names might look a little strange ; )
the feature uses bluetooth avrcp , the audio video remote control profile . it is used for controlling the app from the receiver ( e . g . play/pause buttons on a bt headset ) . avrcp level 1.3 is possible since ics and improved in jelly bean ; it allows all of 1.0 ( play , pause , next , . . . ) plus metadata information on the track itself ( artist , track name , etc . ) . it was also backported into cyanogenmod7.2 ( gingerbread ) . players themselves have to support avrcp 1.3 too , i guess . apollo might also support this . or just search for avrcp 1.3 in the store .
i was facing the same problem for long time on my galaxy s3 , at last i figure it out by default android sms allow you to send same message to multiple people without converting it to mms . but when you select the option Group Messaging under the multimedia message (MMS) setting it now set group messaging only for mms try un-checking the option hope this will help ( am using default sms of android ) screenshot ( click to enlarge )
well , at last i found the answer keeping @t0mm13b as inspiration . the problem is on the messaging app and go sms app . so i had to find out a suitable app for my need . youni sms is one such and it is working so great . it is clearly marking as sim1 or sim2 for every sms received and sent .
yes you can . i have used swype as well as touchpal keyboard as alternatives . once you install any new keyboard , just go to settings > language and keyboard to set your keyboard/text settings .
use the popular barcode scanner app , it gives you a " share via barcode " option in the " share " menu when viewing a contact .
try a different usb cable . or try plugging it into a computer to check if it is the cable .
try : mount -o loop /sdcard/myimage.img myimage . " myimage " is where you can view the contents afterward .
ok , i have jumped the gun here and asked a question without trying things out first . the solution is simple and very secure . first , you create a pkcs12 combo-key on the server that combines the server certificate , the client certificate and key with openssl pkcs12 -export -in android.cer -inkey android.key -certfile ca.crt -name android -out certs.p12 . during that you hafta issue a decrypt password . you are perfectly safe transferring that combo-key to the sd card . next , you import that in the android secure storage and then you can delete the pkcs12 key . after that , you are good to go , the keys are in a password protected vault and thus inaccessible to anyone else . it goes without saying that you need to protect your phone with a unlock password .
the best option skifta . it uses dlna and worked with my media center extenders as well as other windows 7 computers .
usb , mini-usb , and micro-usb cables are standardized , the voltage and amperage are the same across all standard compliant usb chargers . as long as the charger is a standard , generic micro-usb charger then it should be alright . that does not make it impossible for a manufacturer to create a non-standard plug that looks like a usb plug , but they are pretty much screwed up if they do so .
upgrade your phone to latest jellybean stock rom and flash speedmod kernel from odin . right now is one of the most stable combinations for the galaxy s ii . if you want more performance you can always install siyah kernel and tweak it for your needs . also remember to do a full nandroid backup before flashing anything and wipe /system , /data and /cache before installing jb from odin .
more of a status update than an answer : jelly bean 4.1.2 allows a landscape rotation on small screens . i previously had the same experience ( accidentally changed the rotation but could not reproduce it ) -- i received the system update yesterday and was pleasantly surprised after the reboot :- )
it looks like those roms just do not support app2sd . someone else was asking about it : http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=12193603postcount=453
try adb shell ls -l /sys and check the output . most likely , access to the /sys/module directory has limited access . it does not matter that your device is rooted , when you are not using your root powers . to view the contents of " restircted directories": # open a shell adb shell # obtain root permission su - # now access your target ls -l /sys/module  when issuing the su - , you will have to approve a popup to confirm superuser access  at least on the first try . you then can tell your superuser/supersu app to remember your choice .
i think the key is the little may be hidden in there ( different paragraph from the one you quoted ) . if you leave " scanning always available " on then basically the wi-fi will blip on and off every so often just to see what is around . . . this could be enough for a nearby wireless network to detect/track you . if you read the google plus post ( and bare in mind it is by the person who wants you to download his software ) it actually points out you can still turn your wi-fi off in latest android ( off in the sense you had expect - " one solution is shutting off wi-fi completely" ) . the paragraph you quoted is a bit of a dogs breakfast . . . the first part happens ( wi-fi networks will be able to see the mac address of any device polling them ) . the only reason the second part would happen is when your device knows about wireless networks with SSID broadcast turned off ( it used to be recommended to turn this off , but now the opposite is true for this reason ) - if it knows of such cloaked networks it'll poll each network it meets to see if it is one of the ones it knows ( simplified ) . there is also allegedly some " known network sharing " between your device and google for the purpose of backing up your network settings to the cloud , but this is not available/visible to the wi-fi network . so the benefits . . . disable wi-fi completely a strange feature since the author recognizes you can do this with stock , but you would not want to because you had loose the " scanning always available setting " . random mac address this could be useful , it certainly defeats a series of networks from tracking your device 's movement , but so does turning of wi-fi completely . mac addresses are supposed to be unique , and while it is a large namespace , one wonders with a randomizer if collisions will happen ( if two devices have the same mac address they will not work properly on wi-fi ) . if you visit places that have mac address filtering or identification ( for legitimate reasons - your home network , a business network , a company that provides free wi-fi for a period and tracks that you have accepted their terms ) you may find your device no longer works although there is mention of a setting that will restore your stock mac when wi-fi is on . war mode sounds like it just changes the mac address more frequently ( possibly during a wi-fi session ) but this is not without processing overhead .
please try this . to setup proxy address on avd : go to settings> wireless and networks> mobile networks> mobile networks settings> access point names add access point by clicking "+" button and then type favorite name for name , favorite name for apn , fixed proxy and port . if necessary put user name and password . to setup dns address on avd : run below command . emulator -avd &lt ; machine_name&gt ; -dns-server &lt ; dns_ip_address&gt ; fyi : https://developer.android.com/tools/devices/emulator.html#dns
this does not specifically exist , however there is the android backup system , which allows you to reinstall all the apps from the google server 's on the inital setup of the device . this will queue all the apps for install from google play . it comes on all android 2.2+ devices , however it is very temperamental . other than that , you could use a dedicated backup app such as titanium backup pro to regularly backup your apps , allowing you to restore them in one click should you need to . google play does not offer what you stated . ios offer 's this because they do not have permissions to show you ; )
stock android does not support ad-hoc wifi networks . if you have a rooted device , it is possible to work around this limitation as described here . basically you can install a custom rom that has this feature enabled , or manually configure the wpa-supplicant , or if you are feeling adventurous you can compile your own patched copy of wpa-supplicant that fools android into thinking that ad-hoc networks are regular infrastructure mode access points .
i am surprised by what you are saying , so let me recap . yes , most networks send out their ssid ( it is called a beacon ) . if your wifi is enabled and you have not disabled scanning then your phone will listen for those beacons and try to match the ssid in the beacon against your phone 's list of ssid 's . depending on your settings it will also use the beacon to determine your current location and possibly even send the beacon 's mac address to google so google can keep its wifi location database up-to-date . so far this is all passive - it is just listening for beacons . the phone does not need to actively try to connect to networks unless some of the networks do not send out beacons ( hidden networks , as mentioned by @chahk ) . but even if you have some hidden networks in your list , i thought that android did not actively try to scan for those networks ( send out probe requests ) . actually , i remember people complaining about this , and 3rd party apps being written to address it , e.g. see " hiddenssid enabler " in the play store . has this changed ? can you tell me where you read about this ? if so , the only solution i can think of is to purge hidden networks from your list of known networks .
this is for the nfc functionality . those contacts are used to transmit the info to and from the receiver/transmitter on the back cover ( seen below outlined in green , though you probably guessed it : ) ) . they have to put it on the back cover because nfc only works for usually no more than a few centimetres , and they need a way to feed the information back to the phone system itself . it is discussed more in this post on another android forum .
within gmail while at the inbox screen if you click menu and then label settings you should then be able to check notify once and then you should get notified for every new messages as a group .
the issue is actually caused by the feature that i wanted to make use of : sleep mode . for some reason , if the option to disable pebble notifications while in sleep mode , all pebble notifications are disabled , regardless of sleep state . ( the release notes indicate that this was already fixed , but that apparently is not the case . ) since i can disable notifications at the watch ( thanks , @gathrawn ) , i have no need for preventing light flow from sending notifications to my pebble while i sleep . simply disable the sleep mode check for send to pebble in light flow , and notifications will start flowing .
if you have multiple users on your tablet , this means that the apps are installed by another user , and therefore take up space without being installed under your user account . just open the other accounts and uninstall the apps from there .
this depends on the device . there are devices that have more accurate sensors , which can display the distance in cm correctly , but some sensors only report the distance as " near " or " far " . if your device only gives the two states , android uses the sensor 's maximum detectable distance as the " far " state ( in this case , 9cm ) and 0 as the " near " state ( which translates to 0cm ) . source : position sensors | android developers
it is impossible to obtain block level access to a block device without root , since all of those files grant the write permission only to root . at least i have never seen it any other way and i doubt that the s3 is an exception here . it is not because it is technically impossible , the default permissions simply forbid it . a this is done for a pretty good reason : it would be a major security issue if this was possible : the normal user could get a dump of all the filesystem data .
touch the image and it will be viewed bigger . then hold the menu button . a menu will come up . go for Settings - Save Image to save the image and it will be saved to your photo album .
all that depends on your device , which must support this as well . android itself does support this since 3.1-honeycomb  and i e.g. successfully use an external keyboard with my tablets , which is just plugged into the usb port . the keyword to look for is usb-on-the-go . we already have more than 60 posts on this topic , which you might wish to check ( or start with the 9 most frequented to easier get to the core points ) . if those leave open questions , feel free to ask those in separate posts : ) edit : as dan correctly points out in his comment , if your device has a full-sized usb port , there is no need for otg . see our usb-host-mode tag for that .
the people application itself is an htc exclusive , but merged contacts from multiple sources ( gmail , exchange , twitter , facebook , sim , carrier phonebook , etc ) is a standard android feature for 2 . x ( maybe earlier ) . by default the system tries to intelligently merge identically named contacts , but you can manually add/remove contacts from the merged identities .
actually i had the same problem as you , and i searched the help dictionary . you have to swype from " i " down to the spacebar in order for it to auto-cap . it is not as easy to find or widely known . also as a heads-up you can do this with " a " too . the brilliant thing about it is that you only have to be close to the " i " and " a " in order for it to space/cap .
check out this thread , original rom , which is about returning a nexus one to an unmodded rom .
that appears to be your carrier 's delivery report code . many ( but not necessarily all ) carriers implement it in some form or another , but the exact method can vary pretty widely . it is briefly mentioned on the sms wikipedia article . i do not recall exactly when the network sends the delivery report , but i am fairly positive that it would not be originating from the phone , and therefore would not count against any sms limit it may have . the device may respond to the provider when it receives the message ( though it may not since the carrier may send the report at some other point in the process ) , but the actual sms you get back should be originating from the network 's sms gateway , i believe . the phone 's os ( or sim ) may have some bearing on whether or not it " honors " the request , but i am not sure . i found a ( probably incomplete ) list of some of the various carrier codes here :
yes , you need a specific otg cable , or you need to modify your cable . an otg cable has pins 4 and 5 shorted , which is how android knows it needs to switch over to host mode . you can manually short ( cross ) the wires on a standard cable , then use a f-f adapter . for my nook simple touch , a kernel patch is needed to be able to use otg . i also need to manually activate host mode while using a otg cable , so i know the grounding of pins 4 and 5 do more than simply tell android to go into host mode .
from forums : tsuda quote : originally posted by stevhorn i can confirm this works with the mk802ii , but i do not know about the mk802iii . http://www.aliexpress.com/item/apple...661773412.html yes , it works on the mk802ii . the iii has the same ethernet config screen in settings so it should be the same . i will try it this weekend and let you know .
apparently it goes something like this : * somebody gets the ota update on their phone * they use a logcat tool to find the url in the logs . * they post the url on some forum . source : enter link description here
i just found a free sensors diagnostic app , install it and run it in order to see if it is a hardware problem : z - device test
if you look at my previous answer to a similar question you can see that by google 's testing utilising wifi will use more battery than using gps . this seems broadly in line with the figures given in an answer mentioned in the comments . however as izzy mentions these are ballpark figures and actual consumption is dependant upon what exactly the phone is doing .
install smart app protector with its helper app ( for enhanced reliability ) . make sure to make it device administrator . then , lock Package Installer and Play Store using it ( lock down other market apps too ) . with one tap , the app can lock all apps which could uninstall it . the app facilitates this for its own security , but its solution of your question . and , i can bet . . . after that your kids can not uninstall an app without developer level expertise . update : after your comment , looks like your app launcher is capable of uninstalling apps directly like play store . so , lock your launcher too . from your screenshot , its samsung touchwhiz launcher having package name tw.launcher . lock this package with smart app protector . but , it would lock your app drawer too . if you do not want to lock your app drawer , best way is to switch your home launcher app and lock Package Installer , Play Store etc . done ! alternate launcher apps have more features as well as memory efficiency . so , its better in all other aspects . if you do not want to spend money , i would recommend you go launcher ex . if you can spend money for this , i would recommend you adw launcher ex .
yes you can safely delete the folder . for details and a permanent solution ( to stop regeneration of this folder ) check this
unfortunately , it is not possible . those apps rely on parts of the touchwiz framework to operate . no touchwiz , no apps . the only way would be to install a custom touchwiz based rom . it would give you some of the performance improvements of cyanogenmod but with access to the samsung apps .
that is two different things , at least the first depending on a ) android version , b ) manufacturer , and c ) sometimes even the device in question : before android 4.0 , /sdcard usually was were the external sdcard was to be found starting with android 4.0 ( or even 3 . x ? ) , this changed for most devices , and usually became the place of the so-called internal sdcard where the external sdcard is found with the latter group , differs a lot . locations known to me include : /sdcard_ext /sdcard/external_sd what really resides where , you can check with commands like mount or df . while mount will list all mounted file systems ( including the " virtual " ones like e.g. /proc and /sys ) , together with details on where they were mounted from and what options have been used , this might be a bit confusing ( at least to beginners ) . so you might rather want to use df , which sticks to the " real file-systems": it does not show where they are mounted from , but instead shows their total/used/free space , which might be even more useful to figure out what matches best . as for /data: yes , this usually resides on internal storage -- but might also depend on implementation . with android 4 . x , " internal storage " and " internal sdcard " are often " unified " ( i.e. . the " internal sdcard " often is nothing but a directory on internal storage ) . this was done a.o. to get rid of the problem of a filled-up internal storage ( it can " expand " into the internal sd area now ) , or a full internal sdcard and plenty of space on internal storage ( can " expand " the other way around , too -- as it is all the same " drive" ) .
download wakelock detector from the google play store , if it happens again open wakelock detector and it will show you cpu and partial wakelocks ( will only show partial wakelocks if you enable advanced mode ) , if the largest cpu wakelcok is " powermanagerservicewakelock " this means the largest wakelock is the combination of all the items listed in partial wakelcocks . i would suggest ( if it happens again ) looking for anything over 7% and doing a web search for the wakelock name , and seeing what you can find . if it does not happen again , problem solved . i would also recommend you do not kill background processes , instead install greenify ( play store ) which blocks the processes you select from starting . other than this we can not tell you the reason due to androids default battery diagnostics not being very good . it is most probably the software , if you download nova battery tester and run it , it will tell you your battery capacity , and you can then compare this to what it should be to verify it is not a hardware fault .
well , this sony ericsson sync tool seems to work , specially if you want to move contacts from another sony ericsson device from your new one ( they claim you can also synchronize your data from other devices , as long es they support syncml ) . but i personally use gmail 's contact management , which is easy to use , practical and safe . obviously is a good idea to auto-synchronize it , as you did , even if you were not aware ; ) . after reading your post i have been playing with the Backup &amp; Restore tool , and i realized they warn something like : contacts synchronized using other services are not included . * *i do not know if this is the actual english message , cause my phone is in spanish , but should be somehing like that , should not it ? regards .
mininoteviewer (https://market.android.com/details?id=jp.gr.java_conf.hatalab.mnvhl=en) basically works the way i want . there is no explicit switch between " edit " and " view " modes , but it does not pop up the keyboard until you tell it to . good enough . also jota view ( https://market.android.com/details?id=jp.sblo.pandora.jota ) can be set to not pop up the keyboard when you are viewing a note ( preferences-> input-> viewer ) , though the app is overcomplicated imo .
solved it by clicking reset app preference from the action bar in settings
have you tried clearing the data for the app ? or uninstalling then reinstalling ? or does hootsuite cache unsent/failed tweets to the cloud ?
try twonky . instantly stream media from your phone to devices on your home network ! it can stream not only to you pc but to other dlna capable device and not only music but photo and other stuff .
in short , you can not . only the application can interact with itself internally , unless an api was created for that end . external applications are not able to know what to do in order to follow your desired " path " . the best you could achieve is opening the application , but you still needed to manually tap the buttons . my recommendation : i believe you are trying to have some sort of " sync now " functionality without having to open the application and clicking some buttons to achieve that . either case , email the developer and request such widget , i am sure it is useful enough and interest will arise .
i have found it out , the ext2 partition magically turned into ext3 without formatting i do not know how but it happened , formatted my ext3 partition into ext2 again and it worked , i could not find anyway to bring lost data back .
is the menu bar at the top of the screen , instead of inside the window ? that is how unity ( the desktop environment in ubuntu ) works .
tested on mac osx snow leopard and mountain lion : with your device unplugged go to settings-> developer options disable usb debugging ; go to settings , in wireless and network section , go to " more"-> usb utilities tap on " connect storage to pc " . plug in your device to your mac and the tap on " turn on usb storage " and ok . you should see your device just like an usb pen .
i installed an app called android system info which is able to show app 's package name .
i have found it , i needed a y-cable and i needed to activate the usb host mode by using this command in the terminal emulator : su insmod /system/lib/modules/ehci-hcd.ko  that activates the usb host mode . and the phone does not mount the flash drives so i have to mount it manually : cd /dev/block ls  the terminal emulator should turn out something like uba , uba1 then create a folder in your sdcard called data ( or whatever you like ) and then type the one ending with 1 ( i.e. uba1 ) like this : mount /dev/block/ub*1 /mnt/sdcard/data  ( * ) stands for the changed letter because it always starts with ub and ends in 1 but the third character changes between a , b , c , . . . . then open any file explorer and do whatever you want with data folder in your sdcard and then just unplug it , no need to unmount safely .
tibu stores its backups in a folder on your sdcard ( either the internal or the external , depends on what you have and how you have configured it ) . so you can simply copy that entire folder over to your pc before applying the factory-reset . just check the root of your sdcard ( s ) for a folder named TitaniumBackup . after the factory reset , the folder should still be there ( unless your device is one of those including the card with the reset  hence the copy to pc , which in this case you now can simply copy back ) . launch tibu , and restore what you want to have restored . one thing to keep in mind : i do not know what is causing your trouble , but restoring the entire backup completely might bring it back if the troublemaker was included there , so take care ; )
yes , the home button ( and possibly the volume buttons ) turn on the screen . found a fix on : http://www.droidforums.net/forum/drod2169-x/132091-ocd-stop-home-button-waking-screen-save-battery.html have not tested yet , but it is mentioned in several places . not sure if it works on an unrooted phone . gingerbread open /system/usr/keylayout/sholes-keypad . kl remove " wake_dropped " and/or " wake " after any entries for : home menu search back volume up volume down froyo open /system/usr/keylayout/cdma_shadow-keypad . kl remove " wake_dropped " and/or " wake " after any entries for : home menu search back volume up volume down
in my lg optimus one running gingerbread , i can open a message thread and long press on an message . this pops up a list of options and if i press ' view message details ' i get details like from , date , time . the value displayed for from is not the contact name rather it is their number . alternatively , instead of long press , short press on the sender 's name in the message gives an option to call and when i do so and quickly disconnect , i can see the number which is called , which is the number the message came from .
the newest version of the gmail app supports file downloads , rather than previews . if you are using the website i would think that foley is correct .
you have to edit your Framework-Res.apk . its a bit complicated and differenct on every phone . so i can not simply provide a guide . but i suggest you , to ask in your phone forum on xda-developers .
geeksphone started off with the premise of a completely open software and hardware stack . so far they released two handsets , one and zero . although both models are severely outdated specifications-wise compared to today 's high-end models , the " zero " model is quite comparable to current mid-range devices . the company provides source code for the kernel and drivers of their " one " model on the web site . i could not find the sources for the " zero " model , but i am sure they will if you reach out to them .
you may be able to use one of these which has one 2.1a usb port , but only if the device you are charging supports it . most devices when transferring data lock the power output to the standard usb power standard when connected as a data device though . also if you are using a modded device with a usb fast charge enabled kernel , you will not be able to accomplish what you want because of how it is implemented . the force usb fast charge mode tricks the phone into thinking it is on mains power so it shuts off data ports .
imap clients generally need to use application-specific passwords in order to access accounts that use 2-step verification . you will need to generate a new app-specific password , then use that to set up your incoming/outgoing servers instead of using your regular account password . google 's support page ( linked above ) includes instructions for doing this . summarized , the procedure is : how to generate an application-specific password visit your google account settings page . on the left , click security . under the "2-step verification " topic , click manage your application specific passwords . under the application-specific passwords section , enter a descriptive name for the application you want to authorize , then click generate application-specific password " . you will then see the application-specific password ( asp ) you just created . you will also see the name you wrote in for the device and a link to revoke -- or cancel -- the code . when you sign in to an application requiring an asp , enter your asp in the password field , and make sure you check the " remember password " option if you want the application to remember the code .
to add the current page as a bookmark , in the browser : menu-> bookmarks-> add bookmark then you can long click the bookmark and select ' add shortcut to home ' which will add an icon for the bookmark on the desktop . alternatively , long click on the desktop , then select add item-> shortcut-> bookmark
well , i did a more thorough research and found that deleted mails actually are archived rather than deleted . what i did not realize is that deleted mails are not in fact moved to [ imap ] /trash , they are just labeled like that . so they still are in all mails and can be found by browsing or searching . other labels are also preserved . this is a feature of gmail imap regardless of the client . problem solved - there was not any problem in the first place : )
you will not be able to receive a 3g video call from another phone , assuming what you are looking for is the operator backed 3g-324m solution that is available on most 3g phones ( not including iphone or android ) . 3g-324m as a solution does not run over ip and requires a tighter integration between operating system , modem and application . you can read more on the technicalities here : http://www.radvision.com/resources/developers/white-papers/android_integration.htm
as per their faq : how many kindles can i use to access titles in my library ? most books you purchase from the kindle store may be simultaneously accessed for your personal use on up to six kindles or kindle-compatible devices ( such as kindle for pc or kindle for iphone ) registered to your amazon . com account . if the limit is less than six simultaneous copies for a specific title , you will see the message " simultaneous device usage : up to x simultaneous devices , per publisher limits " on the amazon . com detail page . if you reach the device limit and want to replace one of your current devices with a new one , you must first deregister and delete the content from the device you wish to replace before you can access the content in question from your new device . for device registration instructions , please see the help page for the device you wish to register/deregister on the kindle support pages . subscription content such as magazines and blogs can only be downloaded to one kindle at a time and cannot be accessed from kindle for pc . so yes , you can read the ebook on multiple devices , but be aware that there is a limit of 6 ( or fewer ) devices .
this depends on how the app is checking for root . one method is for the app to actually attempt to find or use the su binary , or the superuser apk file . these methods can often be bypassed by using an app that will move su to a temporary backup location , then restore it afterwards . some root management apps have this built in to their settings ( e . g . recent versions of superuser and supersu ) . otherwise you can try an app like ota rootkeeper . another method that apps will use to determine if you are rooted involves checking the contents of your build . prop file . you can check this with any text editor , from your terminal , or using a specialized app like build prop editor . the file resides at /system/build.prop , and it is a good idea to make a backup before modifying it since having a malformed build . prop can cause boot issues . what you will need to look for is lines that specify that you are running a " test-keys " build , such as : ro.build.tags=test-keys  change this to " release-keys " and the app performing the root check should assume you are running a normal release build . this is typically not needed if you are running a rooted stock rom , but it would be necessary on many custom ones like cyanogenmod . there are likely other root detection techniques , some of which may be somewhat complex to bypass . this blog post outlines a few , but i honestly cannot say which of these is being used in the wild . i have seen the two i outlined above , however .
i use the charging dock for both z ultra and z1 .
the icon in the notification bar will always be there if you are using ( possibly even just have installed ) any alternate input method . it is just the new way that ics offers quick switching between different methods , and cannot be disabled ( at least not on " stock " ics , custom roms may offer this ) . the notification icon should only be there while you are actively entering something , i.e. have a keyboard open . if it showing all the time ( even when you are just on the homescreen , for example ) it may indicate a possible bug or configuration issue with the alternate keyboard/input method you are using .
odin is not a backup utility , its rather more of a means to flash boot/recovery and the rom itself . so that is one off the list . : ) use cwm to backup the entire handset to sdcard - this includes , boot , recovery , system , userdata partitions . easy and much quicker to restore from ! the latest titanium backup can do a restore from a nandroid created by cwm . can you include a screenshot of this " clockworkmod based recovery mode " as that does not sound quite an official cwm and hence would be slightly concerned . official cwm would have this as shown below ! note the lack of the wording ' clockworkmod based recovery mode ' . to perform the backup , use the volume down key to scroll down until you reach ' backup and restore ' as shown : hit the home key , to bring you to this screen , the highlight bar is on '-backup ' for some obscure reason , the screenshot failed on this one so no screenshot , hit the home key again to start the backup process . when you do a restore , it will erase boot/system and userdata , and does the job in dumping everything back in place . as if nothing has happened next time by rebooting within cwm . consider this as a equivalent of a windows system restore point , cannot go wrong there . but ultimately , what you are asking for , titanium backup does it quite nicely . see the screenshot below , where there is a list of apps and can choose which to backup/restore . here 's a menu option to do the extraction from a cwm backup . ultimately , it is up to you how to do the backup , pretty much in the same way doing a backup on windows , the strategy used will depend and vary , to each and to their own . personally , as i experiment a lot with roms , i do a straight nandroid backup , then get down to flashing another rom and if i do not like it , i can go back to cwm to do a restore . as for settings etc , i ignore them , as that can be a minefield which may cause a rom 's apps to force close so i disregard them and selectively choose which apps i wish to backup . using the two combined can be quite potent means of backing up . edit : this question - how you managed to take a sreenshot of cwm ? if i am not mistaken , it is run at the boot point making it act like a " bios " in terms of pcs . so how did you do it ? the recovery is identical to android 's rom running from /system , it has its own kernel , near identical to the one used when booting into /system . the recovery has the init.rc script heavily modified to not to start up the android 's services that makes up the standard familiar environment . in fact , if you were to peek into the init.rc , it executes one program , called appropriately enough recovery which is what you are seeing here . when the bootloader runs , its like this in english pseudo-code load kernel from boot partition at memory address . if volume down key is pressed then read from recovery partition 's kernel and chain boot load mechanism ( read recovery 's kernel into memory address , and jump into the entry point of that kernel and start running , overwriting the previously loaded boot kernel ) and execute run scripts to bring up recovery program a l cwm and hence in recovery environment else continue to run as normal reading from system partition and execute run scripts and bring up services a l android os and hence in system environment . endif so quite clearly , there is no difference behind the scenes , the kernel , shell scripts , etc . as to how to obtain the screen-shots , that is a specialized script specifically for the zte blade and using the linux tools imagemagick command line utilities involving ffmpeg and mogrify , it is hardcoded to use the resolution of the screen for the zte blade , i.e. 800x480 , and using adb to pull in the framebuffer , pass it into ffmpeg , and flip it over . iirc , it does not work on any other resolution and depends on the kernel itself if it has framebuffers compiled in .
this new feature is called next word prediction . you can easily disable it to restore the ics behavior but it is a bit hidden : go to settings > language and input tap on the setting icon beside android keyboard under the keyboard and input methods section at the bottom you will find advanced settings , tap it there you will find next word prediction , uncheck it : after that , typing i followed by space will bring up the punctuation again instead of predicted words .
there is no os-wide " trash " or " recycle bin " like other shells have . however , the android design guidelines recommend app authors to put something like that in each app as appropriate , to allow undoing deletes . thus , in one app , a delete button might delete the content immediately , while another might mark the content as deleted but wait for some time before deleting any files in the filesystem . there are even more possibilities with apps that sync to a server : they might need to keep ' deleted ' content around for the next sync , or it might be on a server somewhere , never deleted . in addition , not every item of user data you might delete is a file . some apps might store things in a database , so after you delete an item , part or all of it might still be present in the app 's database . of course , like any filesystem , once a file is deleted , most of its content remains on the storage . someone with physical access to the storage , or a rogue root app , can almost certainly still read it for quite some time after it is deleted . it is pretty easy to recover files in this way , especially if your phone acts as a usb mass storage device when plugged into a computer .
if your device is not yet rooted , an alternative to alex 's suggestion of titanium backup ( which i would second otherwise ) would be to use adb backup ( creating a backup file for each app separately is important here , as adb restore just works per backup file , not per app ) , or one of its frontends . there is also the possibility to do that directly on the device , using e.g. helium backup . please also take a look at the backup tag-wiki for more information .
you could check out this wake on lan plugin for tasker / locale . ( have not tried it - would be interested to hear how you get on if you give it a go )
that will most likely depend on the device , a generic answer valid for all of them cannot be given . for example , the samsung galaxy s2 specs give 32 gb as max , still some user was able to get a 64 gb card working ( see : 64gb sdxc cards in galaxy s2 ) . for some older devices , the 32 gb limit might be a fact , while again others might just have specified it to be " on the safe site " . tl ; dr : yes , it is device dependant , some devices have their limits .
handbrake is a good program to rip and convert dvd video ( it may not work on certain copy protected dvds but that is a topic for another se ) . the stock video player plays h . 264 . mp4 videos well ( here are the supported formats ) . you can actually just use the iphone/ipod preset in handbreak , just change the width of the video to the height dimension of your phone ( so you can watch it in landscape , on the droid it is 854 px ) . it will output a . m4v format which technically is not supported but it will play because it is not drm'd by itunes . if you prefer another format like . avi , then you will need another player like rockplayer which supports many more video formats : avi mkv rmvb mp4 mov wmv asf wma wav mpg ts mpa dvd au mp3 mid ivf aiff ogm ogg cda flic d2v aac roq flac drc dsm swf pls pmp
the pda:na1 firmware is kitkat 4.4.2
long pressing on the home button will bring up the six most recently accessed apps and you can switch them . how many stay in the memory depends on your phone and the size off the app . android keeps all opened apps in the memory until it needs space . there are countless apps that show what apps are running in your memory . search the market for " app manager " or " task manager " . one i particularly like is smart bar .
a microsd nfc reader has been certified for commercial use ( visa certifies devicefidelitys in2pay nfc microsd ) . we used a nexus s to read , display , and share a video from an rfid sticker the internet of experiences : consumer-based advertising using the nexus s . xtremesignpost consumer-based advertising .
no , it will not update google maps . you will have to update that manually or through google play . however , after you download and install the ota update , you may receive a google map update notification . just make sure you do not set your google play apps to auto-update , so you can close / ignore those notifications . source : comments on cnet .
setting usb debugging did not resolve my issue . i upgraded kies to the latest version . and it worked well .
load the kernel . zip file into the pda field of odin , and ( if you have it , should have come with odin ) load the 512 . pit file into the pit field of odin . then flash it just like you did for the froyo rom . a stock rom is just a rom that is not modified by anyone , it came straight from samsung . if you are not using a lagfix already , you probably do not need a stock rom however . you should be able to find one easily enough in the xda subforum for your device , if you want it ; use js5 , since that is what the kernel is based on . your paid apps are recorded in your google account . you will never lose your purchase rights to them ( barring any service suspensions and that sort of thing ) . you can , however , use something like titanium backup to back them up ( requires root ) . you can back up the entire device using clockworkmod / nandroid ; look for rom manager in the market ( requires root ) . one question : why are you using that over straight voodoo ? voodoo 's perfect , and i believe supercurio has taken stock kernels and added only voodoo so you do not get any other random stuff .
i am not familiar with how htc sense deals with vibration settings , but this does sound like a bug . as a possible work around - you could install tasker and set a profile for every time you turn the screen on to set vibration off . this is a nasty hack , but would stop the vibration function on your phone from coming on all the time .
in addition to chahk 's answer , there are also geographic or carrier restrictions for some apps . these are basically up to developer , and we can only speculate as to why . you should contact the developer .
the general opinion everywhere is that the web marketplace is much better with search results than the marketplace app ( it is really puzzling as to why is such the case ) . and no , the problem is not india specific , it is faced everywhere . the same opinion holds for other stores as well , including apple 's appstore . the good news is , there are a few companies trying to make it better , namely chomp and tapjoy : chomp has been pretty successful and has been solving a truly-existing problem , which is evident since verizon now includes chomp in its tethered phones . for more info , see xconomy . com news article discussing the search issues in the mobile market places and apps like chomp and tapjoy .
not aware , but a quick check in the playstore shows there are several bicycle apps supporting " ant+ sensors " for speed and other things . take e.g. a look at ipbike ant+ bike computer , ant+ bike display demo , ipbikekey , and others . starting point : ant+ playstore search : ) please note that , as ifor pointed out in his comment , that this requires special support from the android device 's hardware . details can be found e.g. at the ipbike page .
im apps that do not require an additional account tend to be few and far between on android ( in my experience , anyway ) , but so far i have seen two : ebuddy - this does have an associated " ebudy id " account that you can register for , but you are not required to do so in order to use other protocols . im+ ( free , pro ) - same as ebuddy above . another potential selling point is that the tablet interface is much nicer , imho .
this sounds like an issue with summer time vs daylight savings time ? most parts of the world are still running on summer time right now , which is generally +1 hour to your actual time zone . as well as checking your phone 's time zone , check to see if you have the correct settings for summer time/daylight savings set .
if you live in non-us country , then you can follow a guide for installing the us-based ics on you xoom that i have written up on my blog . the basic procedure is : install android sdk and motorola usb drivers on your pc download us honeycomb stock rom from here extract all files from this zip file into platform-tools folder under android sdk boot the device into fastboot mode . then from command prompt ( with current directory sdk/platform-tools ) run following commands- fastboot oem unlock ( this is red pill , at this point your device warranty voids ! welcome to matrix ! ! ) fastboot flash boot boot . img fastboot flash system system . img fastboot flash recovery recovery . img fastboot flash userdata userdata . img fastboot erase cache now reboot the device go to settings -> about -> update , this will download subsequent rom update and will install it , and then reboot repeat step-7 until all updates are done ( will normally need 4-5 update cycles ) note that it will void your device warranty
as you are using a galaxy s2 which has samsung 's touchwiz interface layered over the android os , some of your questions are specific to touchwiz , so i will answer them that way too , in a way that may not be helpful to people with a different interface : yes , there are a number of lockscreens built in , if you go into settings -> location and security , then you should see a section labelled screen unlock settings selecting set screen lock gives you some options . this is touchwiz specific . on the home screen press the applications icon to get to the apps list , then press the menu button and select edit . you should now be able to drag any icon off the " home row " , and drag any other icon on ( to maximum of four apps ) . there are a couple of other questions on this site about setting up quick dials ( like this one ) etc . but it sounds like you could do what you want by creating a starred contacts folder on your home screen . firstly go through your contacts and " star " any contacts that you had regard as favourites , then find an empty space on your home screen , long-press there , sleect folders from the menu that pops up and then select starred contacts . do not really use folders myself , so i will leave that to someone else . that was the first annoyance i noticed when i got my first android phone a few years ago , i use the sms popup app for that , could not use an android for messaging without it . never even tried doing that , but when you are in their text message conversation you can press menu then more then call .
you could first add a facebook account from  Settings-&gt;Account-&gt;Add new account-&gt;Facebook  then the fb contacts will get synced with their numbers if users have added it on facebook . after that try syncing with the google account . if this does not work , you could always use the ' link contacts ' option provided in almost all contact application . it will detect similar accounts and link them to form a single contact file . hope this helps ! import facebook contects to goole+ .
the official issue database for bugs/features/etc . of the android os can be found here . copied from bryan denny 's answer to another question .
i fixed it by doing a factory reset , and restoring my personal apps only and not including backups of system data .
if you do not want to/can not install the market on your tablet , you can download the . apk file for an app either directly from a website on your tablet or download it on your pc and then transfer it to your tablet . after that you can use any file manager to navigate to the apk and then click on it to install it ( you have to have third party app installation turned on ) . i usually get my apks at android community for devs
it is perfectly normal for a device ( usualy import models from china ) to have a kernel version such as " kernel version-- 3.4.0 root@tom-desktop#1" etc . and this has nothing to do with " rooting " a device . if i am not mistaken the " tom-desktop " is the default hostname when building a kernel .
you have to remove the automatically added server " hermes . jabber . org " . just leave the field empty . see https://dev.guardianproject.info/issues/2803
android 2.2 is now available for your device , which includes voice search : http://archosfans.com/2010/11/30/froyo-firmware-2-0-54-for-gen8-released-2/
yes and yes . http://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=8035 i have not seen any resolution to this except changing the router 's ssid if you have access to it .
i do not think gingerbread has a built in gmail widget but take a look on the google play store . i found an example : " gmail inbox widget " that is compatible with gingerbread and there may be others . you could set up gmail in the default mail app and use it is widget but that sounds like a horrible work around to me . aqua mail - email app says it is compatible with 2.1 and up . i think this would be the same as using the default mail client on your phone ( setting up gmail in the app and using it as an email client ) but it does have an email widget . email widget looks like it will do what you want but it is not free . check to make sure it is compatible with your version of gmail before buying .
there is a reason why pressing ok has to be done and cannot be avoided is this - the pin number can be of any length of your preference , and by pressing ok that is signalling the intention that there i have all the pin digits entered , now android , please verify ! if there was a way to avoid pressing ok , that would impose the restriction on the length of the pin digits used , once the length of digits is reached ( for example the pin can be four digits long ) , then it would be automatic , but unfortunately in this case , no , you do have to press ok .
you might want to see apps you have installed previously but since uninstalled in order to find an app that you but want to recommend to a friend . you might uninstall an app by accident and want to find it again easily . google play needs to keep track of this information anyway , for two reasons:- you can only review an app you have installed ; even after uninstalling a paid app , it remains available to you , and you can reinstall it again without paying . deleting an entry only hides it from the list ( on all your devices and the web interface ) , and has no other effect .
afaik , mostly port 1-1024 on android phone are reserved for system , so the application other than system must use port > 1024 . i never use telnet , but i used ssh frequently to remote my phone , i use ssh server on phone using http://teslacoilsw.com/quicksshd maybe you can use ssh as an alternative to telnet .
note that my other answer is more of a workaround ( but also something recommended by many even without problems ) that is almost guranteed to fix the problem . this is a direct fix which will most likely work , but i can not say that with absolute certainty as i can not recreate the situation myself . after some googling , i have noticed that your icon ( as you point out already ) is off-center and missing its text label . rather than the icon itself being stuck , it looks like what you are seeing is a stuck graphical artifact . this has happened to a few other users on other forums , and rebooting the device seems to be a fix for them . whether this works for you or not , i am posting it as an answer for the sake of future internet travelers who stumble upon this question .
i believe it closes the popup alert but leaves the message marked unread , whereas the close button ( the X ) will mark it as read and close the popup . edit : this seems to be supported by this comment from their website .
i had the same problem . my solution was to uninstall and reinstall google+ and everything worked fine after that .
that is normal . the htc stock recovery behaves like that . it is different from a custom recovery , you can not do anything with it . the stock recovery does only install the otas you receive officially . no need to worry about it .
do you have any control over the ( presumably wireless ) lan that you are connecting your phone to ? it seems to me that the main part of your problem is just that your phone picks up different ip addresses each time it connects to your lan . if it always had the same ip , then you could either make a note of this , save it in your ssh client , or assign a name to that ip on your other machine ( s ) using a hosts file or similar . are you in control of your network , or do you know the person that is ? you ( or they ) should be able to assign a static ip address , or a reserved ip address , to your device so that every time you connect your phone to the lan it always picks up the same ip address . if it is a small , personal network then this would just be a setting on your device 's record on your router , if this is a larger network then it would be setup on the dhcp server and a matching a name record could also be setup on their internal dns to give you a permanent name .
" how do i know if i have busybox ? " open terminal emulator and type " busybox " . if it gives you a giant list of command options , it is installed . if it says " command not found " , it is not . edit rather than putting this in the comments : you could also try su to become root followed by busybox , busybox --version , busybox --help or anything that will give you some feedback and some clues as to what is going on .
setting frequency to high end may cause problems like . 1 . heating up phone . 2 . burn battery . 3 . even you may damage your phone completely . over-clocking frequency will speed up your phone 's performance .
there are several ways to get your volume levels back . personally i like to use the ifttt app to set my ringer volume to maximum when i connect to my home wifi . ( recipe ) if you want to fix your volume at a specific time , say , you can create a new recipe using the date and time channel .
i do not really know what caused this problem . i had to unlock the bootloader and sideload with adb . this involved completely wiping my tablet . here are instructions . now my tablet updates just fine .
usually a bug is exploited to temporarily get a chosen process running as root , that is used to remount the file system read write , either startup scripts are changed and/or suid binaries added , then the file systems are synced and remounted read only again and likely the device is rebooted . you do not normally want to have the system partition writable on an android device , even when rooted - you only make it writable on the rare occasions when you are changing it . edit-summary of comments : it appears that /system on this device is cramfs , an inherently read-only compressed file system . likely a modified image would need to be generated on a pc and then flashed . search result for dealing with this problem on rockchip based devices : http://www.androidtablets.net/forum/rockchip-based/439-how-unpack-repack-custom-firmwares-rockchip-rk28xx.html
these steps were using an htc evo with htc sense - your menu options may be different but should be similar . there should be a " format sd card " in the phone " settings " . open " settings " , then go to " sd and phone storage " , then you should see " format sd card " . if the option is grayed out then you may need to unmount your sd card first and then format the card . make sure you have backed up anything you want to save with a backup app or just by copying whatever files off your card onto a computer because this will erase everything on the card . hope this helps
you might want to take a look at sd maid . this app requires root for full functionality . this " cleaning made " takes care for multiple remains : a " corpse finder " checks for what an uninstalled app might have left , the " system cleaner " scans the devices known directories with unnecessary files . you can check for the biggest files on your device to free up space , and even optimize and shrink bloated databases to speed up access and free space . the app includes a file manager , and also allows you to search for files . sd maid corpse finder and system cleaner ( source : google play ; click images for larger variant ) edit : for more details and discussion , you might want to visit the app 's thread at xda : )
the play store app has two main features regarding nfc , both of which require the nfc permission . it registers intent filters such that when you scan an nfc tag with a market:// link or a link to play.google.com , you get the play store app instead of a browser , the same way you would when you click such a link . this does not require calling the getNfcAdapter function , but it does use the same permission . it uses android beam . if you look at an app 's page in the play store app , then bring another android device to nfc range , you can send that app link to the other device .
this service will running in background to show any updates is available for your phone .
looks to be bad recognition by google 's code . :-/ happens on mine as well and no setting can change it . google is surprisingly receptive to feedback on its apps ( a bug fix i reported made it into google music 's update ! ) , so two ways to get this fixed : go to keep 's page and click " email developer " and write this up . or , within keep , menu -> send feedback .
the verizon gnex has nfc , it just does not have google wallet pre-installed . it is pretty trivial to sideload it , though , and it is worked just fine the 2 times i used it . another thing to note here is that the nfc antenna is actually on the battery , not in the device itself . this means that if you get an extended battery you need to make sure it has an nfc antenna in it as well , otherwise it will not work . the t-mobile usa and sprint versions have not actually been released yet , so i guess there is no guarantee on those at this point . sprint supported nfc and google wallet for the nexus s 4g , though , so i can not imagine they had stiff the gnex . for t-mobile you could just get the existing gsm version and it should work fine since it is pentaband hspa+ ( it should work on at and t for the same reason , though you would not get their lte service ) .
unlike the nexus s , the galaxy nexus has the odin download mode . it does have a fastboot mode as well though . so this is normal and you have nothing to worry about . my guess is that samsung just prefers working with odin and did not like having to work without it for the nexus s . or perhaps they had it in the latter but disabled it , and did not bother doing so for the gnex .
the google usb drivers that come with the android sdk will work for that device . your best bet is to install a version of cyanogenmod 5 or 6 . x . but keep in mind , that device is a dinosaur . it does not run android 2 . x well at all , especially compared to the specs of current devices . i had cyanogemmod 6 on my adp1 ( htc dream/g1 ) and , while it worked , it was extremely slow . also , the cyanogenmod team no longer even officially supports that device . the " old " cyanogenmod thread on xda is here . i am not sure if it still has download links or not .
wifi hardware was faulty . ( this is a common issue ) the wifi chip set no more working . so the whole motherboard should be changed . costs nearly 5000inr ( 80$ ) .
do you need to do if from your phone ? because if not , you can just use the gmail desktop interface to do this , i do this quite often and it is fairly easy : go to your contacts ( click Gmail in the upper left corner ) select the contacts you want to export put them in a new group you can call Tmp or something random then click on that group and find the Export menu item in one of the menus ( i think More actions ) export to google csv if the receiver will import them through gmail as well , otherwise you can consider vcard format . the file will download automatically . compose a new mail and put the newly created file as attachment . ( if you used google csv , the contacts can be imported using the same contacts interface just by clicking Import in one of the menus )
as a last ditch effort , you could try this : use titanium backup to backup all your apps + data . reset the phone to factory defaults . restore all apps and data except for activesync . this will definitely fix your issues . question is , " is it worth the effort ? "
you can use tpacketcapture to route your traffic through a local vpn . the app will then write a log which you can open with wireshark on your desktop and analyze data flow . it will not allow you to see which app sent which packet , but this is as good as it gets without root . although there is a pro version available which allows you to filter out applications .
droid2bootstrap . apk was able to root it
download and install the google calendar from the market . source .
first , wimax and 4g are completely separate . wimax already has real-world implementation , whereas 4g does not ; 4g is still in development . second , 3g lte is also completely separate from 4g . lte also has real-world implementation . a 3g lte phone can only operate at 4g speeds if it has hardware capable of it . the manufacturer will undoubtedly advertise this , so it should not be hard to find out . i know of no current phones that can do true 4g , which makes sense given that 4g does not really exist yet . the same applies for " regular " 3g phones working at lte speeds . the samsung vibrant , for example , works on t-mobile 's " fake 4g " network with slightly improved speeds , but does not take full advantage of it . the vibrant 4g , however , does take full advantage of the higher speeds . currently , cell providers in the us and elsewhere are referring to various 3g technologies including lte , hspa+ , etc . as "4g " when they are not actually 4g . examples of 4g networks in development are lte advanced ( based on 3g lte ) and wirelessman-advanced ( based on wimax ) . speed requirements for 4g service set the peak download speed at 100 mbit/s for high mobility communication ( such as from trains and cars ) and 1 gbit/s for low mobility communication ( such as pedestrians and stationary users ) . 3g lte and wimax do not meet these speed requirements . the wikipedia page on 4g is quite informative .
is there something wrong with cyanogenmod ? what you want is the stock version of android samsung put on the phone , there is no revert as it was deleted when you put cyanogen . as you dont seem to have a copy i would go to samsung support site or you will have to trust another source on the net and download it there . this would be another great community resource for your phone http://forum.xda-developers.com/forumdisplay.php?f=1156
i can not speak for the google voice app being fully integrated - i only use it for the voicemail feature . however i have a fully rooted evo ( fresh rom 3.5 ) and i still have access to the market and all the normal google android apps . in fact i find that rooting gives me more features like free wireless tether and with fresh 3.5 the power manager is integrated into the notification drop down ( which i find really cool ) . google voice still works perfectly for voice mail . as far as i know the only limitation is the one you have listed : it will void the warranty . however if something goes wrong there is a huge community over at xda to help you out or you can unroot and see what happens when you bring your device in to sprint ( i have not had to do this yet so i can not speak on that part ) . rooting ( for me ) has also made my battery life way better and gotten rid of those sprint apps that i do not want . edit : i can not comment on eldarerathis 's post otherwise this would have gone there : i had forgotten about hardware limitations of using aosp roms like cm . eldarerathis is correct though that with certain roms hdmi and 4g will not work . when i had the htc hero and first loaded cm i think the camera did not work but in time this was fixed and this is why i have avoided the cm rom so far for my evo . if you want the htc sense experience though do not go with cm or aosp roms - these are essentially stock android . hope this helps
a new phone could mean a new/differently configured android version , so you would need to be extremely careful restoring your rsync'd data on the new device . while it certainly cannot hurt to have that backup , i would not recommend restoring it to a different device . a much safer way would be using titanium backup instead ( pro-version strongly recommended for batch processing -- but you of course can check with the free version before ) . this nice app not only creates full backups ( apps+data+system data ) , but also offers a migration mode for restoring a backup to a different device/rom : instead of simply replacing files on the new system ( which can e.g. break some databases due to changed/different structures when it comes to system data like e.g. sms , in which case you will experience some nice force-closes of the corresponding apps/frameworks ) , it tries just to fit the data into the existing databases , and does some other " tricks " . also the app is well supported and worth every cent/frank ( dev lives in switzerland ) . scheduled backups , freezing/uninstalling system apps , converting downloaded apps to system apps ( and vice versa ) , plus so many other nice features make this app a must-have on any rooted android device ( and who knows me also knows i rarely speak of any " must-have app" ) .
after starring a place in google maps android , you can open google bookmarks webapps to display your bookmarks . sort by date to show your latest bookmark and clicking on the Edit button allows you to edit that place bookmark title . the new title would display in My Places on google maps android . not an ideal solution , but a workaround involving additional webapps . references : android forum - google maps - label starred locations ? - 9 april 2010 - provides three workarounds : #9 add suffix " ( title ) " to address in google maps webapps before starring ( not editing on android ) ; #11 use google bookmarks to edit title ( solution i chose above ) ; #14 add to contacts and edit contacts names ( will search each time use the address in contacts ) . google mobile android forum - why can not i edit the name of a " starred " place on google maps ? - 1 june 2011 - mentioned bookmark and contacts solutions above , also registering an address as a business place , then can edit the title .
the latest update of the nook color software version 1.4.1 allows you to change the default pdf reader . after the upgrade open a pdf and then a pop up box will appear allowing you to choose which application you want as the default pdf reader .
as using swap is a system-wide thing ( even on linux/unix , you need to be root in order to activate/deactivate swap ) , this cannot be done without having root access to your device . if your device is rooted , however , there are several apps available to help you manage swap space . you might want to take a look at e.g. swapper 2 ( for root users ) ( free ) or roehsoft ram-expander ( swap ) ( paid , and not really cheap ) . both seem to have quite good reputation . of course there are several other solutions available as well .
i ended up coding a lot on it . it works quite well . i use igo stowaway bluetooth keyboard ( it fits in a pocket ) . i map esc to jk or jj . i also bring a charger just in case . the small font size does not bother me as much . i just move my head closer to the screen . also alt-tab works for switching application . it is useful because you need to use a stackoverflow for coding :- )
i work on the linux 11.10 , i solved the problem by researching on various blogs . i particularly found this link very helpful . actually the vendor id in "/etc/udev/rules . d/51-android . rules " was wrong . as i could not find the spice in the android 's developer site . executing command lsusb gave me the correct vendor id . . . . now my /etc/udev/rules . d/51-android . rules file looks like:- subsystem=="usb " , attr{idvendor}=="2006" , mode="0666" group="plugdev " now after restarting adb services . . . i.e. su $ adb kill-server $ adb start-server $ adb devices  the output is :- List of devices attached 0123456789ABCDEF device  now when i launch application from eclipse ide it automatically identifies the device . . . .
there is no alternative for kies . kies is the only offical way to update samsung 's android devices . to unofficially flash/update samsung devices odin ( for windows ) and heimdall ( for linux ) are the de facto standard . these two a very reliable .
in android notification settings can be configured on a per-app basis . most apps give you control over sound and vibration settings . these can be overridden with the global " ring mode " setting located under menu -> system -> sound . changing the gmail notifications will not impact hangouts , facebook , or other apps . furthermore , in gmail app you can have different notification settings for each account ( and even per each synced label within each account ) : in gmail , tap on the menu button , go to settings , and tap on your google account . tap on " inbox sound and vibrate " option . set the sound and vibration preferences to your liking , and exit the settings page .
this nexus one user manual seems to be basically the same document as you linked , but specific to that phone and android 2.1 . since the nexus one was a " pure " android experience , the vast majority of the document should cover what you are looking for . ( that link seems dead , but this link from the internet archive wayback machine seems to be working . )
its original name was the zte blade so , then , the manufacturer is the zte corp in china .
did you try " volume up + menu button + power button " ? that should get you to recovery mode and you should have an option there to factory reset your phone .
the original sgs supports wpa2 with aes , so i would bet that the sgs2 does . there seems to be a glut of routers that do not play nicely with non-pc devices when using wpa , for whatever reason , so i would suspect that is your issue .
i eventually just stopped using the app . not worth my headache . thanks for the help .
yes , connecting to a peap-mschapv2 network with 1.6 is not possible due to a lack in the network manager . after an upgrade to 2.1 or 2.2 it is possible . alternatively you might want to root the device and enter your login credentials in your wpa_supplicant.conf file manually .
these are the steps i took on my htc desire running android version 2.2 to delete all calendar data , and in turn the pc sync calendar : on the phone , open settings > applications > manage applications click the all tab at the top of the screen scroll down and tap the calendar storage application tap the clear data button , and confirm youd like to proceed . now all the calendar data is gone from the phone , running your sync processes again to populate only the calendars you want on your phone .
problem solved . i deactivated hangouts and now it works fine .
in order to change the notification sound on the gmail app you can do the following : open the gmail app and press the menu button ( the one to the left of the home button ) press settings and then choose the email address ( not general settings ) touch the word " inbox sound and vibrate " click " sound " then there is a popup for the choice of notification sound you want for your email . for go sms pro : press the same menu button settings advanced notification settings default notification settings select ringtone
seems that i finally fixed the issue , but i wanted to wait few days to be sure . first i tried to reflash my phone again , but without wiping my data partition ( so i could keep my apps and settings intact ) . this did not worked , so i fully flashed again my phone 's firmware ( i was ussing only official firmwares , from sony ) but after a day when my phone 's gps worked fine , the issue reappeared . finally i downloaded the same version of the firmware , but for another region ( i was using a firmware made for brazilian market , now i am using the one for europe ) and this seems to work . gps starts everytime when requested . i am not really sure where the issue was , but if someone else encounter this issue - maybe you could give my solution a try .
the limit is actually placed on virtual size of the downloaded area . the upper limit is approximately 80mb of data , and the lower limit is smaller than maps displays , somewhere below 100kb , equivalent to around . 6 square miles . here is one place that mentions the 80mb limit . in my own testing , i was able to download up to 87mb of data , which is approximately 5625 square miles . this may have been coincidence , but in my testing , the allowable size ranged from a square . 75 miles on a side to a square 75 miles on a side .
thin styluses are usually for resistive screens , they do not work with droid x 's capacitive screen . the difference between capacitive and resistive touchscreens
there are tons of apps that do batch uninstalling but here 's a simple free one that i know works : uninstaller pro a lot of the more full featured app managers also have a batch uninstall option . i like to consolidate functions into as few apps as i can . now i use smartbar which has a good app manager with batch uninstall .
applications often have a restore in-app purchase option in the settings . other applications may ask you to " buy again " the item , but you are not actually spending any money again . it is often mentioned how you can restore your purchases in the application 's description on google play or in the help category of the application ( if any ) . you can always contact the developer for more information . ( note that we are talking about non-consumables purchases , it means purchases that are permanently associated with one 's google account . more information . )
you can use any standard midi keyboard with your device . ( src ) there are several keyboards with korg and roland . choice of the device is all yours . but unfortunately there are reports that your nanopad is not working with this as you asked in your original question . ( src ) you may want to verify that with the manufacturer first , before you go for a new one . once you have a standard midi device ( which does not require driver installations ) , you can use apps like usb midi monitor or grand piano note : you can try ebay for good solutions . visit a local music store and check compatibility before you buy as izzy suggested
according tho this post , that feature was removed as of version 5.10 of google maps app because it was never properly working .
i found an option in the Launcher Settings of holo launcher which allows choosing the default launcher . setting it to the correct one ( holo/default ) takes care of the issue .
the combination of encryption , pin lock , and having adb turned off should protect your data pretty well . it could still be compromised if someone finds a security flaw that can be exploited through the network or the mtp usb connection , but that risk exists in any case . however , with your bootloader unlocked , someone could take your phone , flash a malicious rom that contains keystroke loggers or something , and then return the phone to you and wait for you to type your pin or decryption password . it would be better to keep the bootloader locked whenever you do not actually need to flash things via fastboot . you can use bootunlocker to lock and unlock the bootloader from within the running android system . unlike fastboot oem unlock , this does not wipe your data when you unlock .
it does not update only when it is visible . because all widgets are drawn by the host ( i.e. . the home screen or lock screen ) , there is no way for the widget provider to tell whether the widget is visible or not . it would be possible for the service that keeps changing the widget to find out when the screen is turned off . in recent android versions , you could verify that using the battery screen in settings . add the widget to your home screen , then ( while the phone/tablet is not plugged in ) leave the screen turned off for some time . turn it back on , and see if your task manager app is listed on the battery screen . regardless of the result , your task manager app is probably doing more harm than good . android is not like windows : it is designed to keep as much memory in use as it can , and only frees memory when it has to . see do i really need to install a task manager ? for more info .
your confusion is most likely caused by the way the playstore handles installs/updates . they are first downloaded and stored in internal storage ( not on sdcard , but /data/local ) , then the app is to be installed on the same partition ( /data/data/app.package.name ) -- only after that the download can be deleted . in your case , this would mean a 12m download , which then needs to be unpacked ( at least another 12m , or rather more ) -- which could sum up to 30m or more . a safety margin needs to be kept to keep the device from crashing -- so you get the " insufficient storage " error . see also : package install via market sometimes fails and gives seemingly random error message
the answer is usually " no . " the framework changes introduced with manufacturers ' ui overlays ( samsung 's touchwiz in the case of your galaxy s ii ) most likely make the stock apps like phone , contacts , calendar , etc . incompatible with custom roms like cyanogenmod rom that are based on aosp ( android open source project ) .
es can read/write to protected folders , you just have to enable it in your settings . open the settings menu ( press the menu button , then select " settings" ) and find the " root settings " item , then enable " root explorer " ( operate with root permission ) and " mount file system " ( allow writing to /system ) . alternatively , many devices/android versions should allow you to simply put the bootanimation . zip file into /data/local instead of /system/media . you will not need a root explorer for this since /data/local is world writable . this does not work on all roms , though . screenshots for the es settings :
ok , this answer does not get to the root cause or the " why it happened " but the issue is now resolved . it may help others if their purchased applications are suddenly not available on google play for installation on a new device . i received an notification to update my android firmware and reboot . i followed the instructions , went into google play and my purchased items were now available . i can not explain why , they just were .
since you are rooted within cm , its a matter of doing the following , provided you have read the following : caveat emptor : the jellybean leaked apks are signed with the signature key used to generate the signed leaked rom of jb , however , it may clash with cm 's own signature key which is , and i will guarantee , different , so may not work at all ! you are on your own from there onwards . ------------------------------------- remounting the /system rewriteable as in adb remount to make it writeable replace the apk 's concerned within /system/app by adb pushing the appropriate apks taken from jb , as in adb push name_of_jb_apk.apk /system/app ( repeat for each apk concerned ) - this will overwrite the apk 's already residing in /system/app remount the /system as read-only as in adb remount reboot , and go into clockworkmod recovery and clear the data/cache , the reason being is to remove the old cached data that was in use by the old apk 's , and thus , minimize the chances of force closes within the relevant apks in question . i will list the actual filenames for the apk 's concerned : sms , the filename is Mms.apk contacts , there is two apks involved , ContactsProvider.apk and Contacts.apk dialler , name is Phone.apk , now , beware , this may have a dependency on TelephonyProvider.apk also . whilst i have mentioned the actual apk 's , i am therefore disclaiming any responsibility for anything that may happen on your handset as a result of replacing system apps .
if you are looking to buy a cable that you can use to attach a usb keyboard to that connector , then everywhere i have seen calls it something like a " 30-pin samsung socket " , and the cables are called something like " 30-pin to usb otg adapter cable " or " usb otg adapter cable for samsung galaxy tab 2 " , eg examples on amazon . com , or on ebay . com . samsung themselves either seem to avoid naming the port when they are selling their official adapters and cables that plug into it , or just call it a "30 pin": " galaxy tab adapters " or " galaxy tab data cable ( charging ) usb to 30 pin "
you could try elixir 2 . it lets you add different kinds of toggle widgets , including mute widgets .
is it swiftkey ? swiftkey brings the future of text entry to smartphones . it uses touchtypes breakthrough fluency technology to predict the next word you want to type , before you even press a key . [ . . . ] swiftkey doesnt just predict regular words  it learns as you type and remembers how you write . as words and sentences are chosen over time , its fluency engine creates a dynamic understanding of your writing style to boost the accuracy , fluency and speed of prediction .
first of all , it always a good thing to have usb debugging on . it can help you check your phone and even recover it if something is wrong . when your phone is on a boot loop and will not start correctly , you can use adb to check where might be the problem . connect your phone via the usb cable to a pc with adb and then type the following : adb logcat  power your phone and you should see , as your phone starts the boot secuence , a lot of information in the adb window . that is the current log of your phone boot secuence ( like the one you can see in linux for example ) . if the phone ends in a boot loop , you should be able to see what is trying to do and then try to fix it .
i use atorrent , which has the possibility of selecting which files to download . just change to the file tab and use the checkboxes .
that was for y210d . you need to flash it stock again and root it with a y210 insecure boot image . you can get the stock rom here .
there is a single list of contacts . but smartphones allow many different contact providers ( google contacts , facebook , sim card , internal phone contacts , skype , . . . ) . but they are all shown within the same app in a single list . a symbol tells you where the contact came from . i recommend to use google contacts as main contacts provider . do not save contacts on the sim card and the internal phone memory . google contacts are automatically synced with your phone and the cloud . you can comfortably edit the contacts @ google.com/contacts . every edit is instantly propagated to your phone . and if you change your device you simply add your google account and all your contacts will appear there , too . no more sim card contact importing/exporting . in order to solve the problem of duplicate contacts from different contact providers android provides a ' join contacts ' feature , which merges the information from different providers into one single contact .
the /data/app-private directory is another location of 3rd-party protected apps . system apps that come pre-installed with the rom are stored in a read-only /system/app directory . /data/dalvik-cache contains optimized bytecode for each installed app , which allows the system to launch it faster . these ...@classes.dex files get generated at installation/update time , or during the first boot-up for pre-installed apps . also , with android 2.2 google introduced ability to move apps to the sd card . when you do this , a new virtual mount point is created under /dev/block/dm-X ( where " x " is a sequential number starting with 1 ) which points to /mnt/asec/xx.yy-1 . /data/data/ folder contains settings , preferences and cache for all apps , each within its own folder named after the package name . e.g. /data/data/xx.yyy/ .
first be aware that you are transferring data over a wide area wireless device ( the range of 3g is much wider than wifi ) , therefore it is easier for an attacker to snoop on whatever your device is transmitting on 3g than on wifi . the 3g/gprs only has a lightweight encryption ( to limit unnecessary use of cpu power and battery , which is already scarce in mobile devices ) , this encryption should never be relied upon . however , applications can use its own encryption . i have not checked into it specifically , but i would presume that google checkout on android does use ssl encryption ; which is widely accepted to be strong enough for doing online purchases . in short , you should not need to worry about doing online purchases using android market . if you are doing purchases on other apps , you should check whether they are using ssl or other strong encryption . be aware that your banking details are being transmitted wirelessly , it is trivial for anyone to record data that are transmitted using radio waves ; your only line of defense is ssl encryption , which should hold attackers at bay long enough until your credit card expires .
the setting at the domain level was the issue . i enabled it , and it starting working a few hours later . this should not be an issue for standard google accounts - just google apps accounts .
this is pretty much just a matter of preference , to be honest . i do not think you will really " lose " any functionality on a desire by going to an aosp based rom , either 2.3 or otherwise . you should gain built-in usb and wifi tethering , though , since those are a standard part of android 2.2+ . the real deciding factor will just be if you prefer the sense ui or another launcher ( adw , launcherpro , zeam , etc ) . you will lose any htc widgets since they depend on sense , but there are widgets in the market which actually mimic the style and functionality of the htc ones for just that reason . you also lose htc 's proprietary apps , since they generally use the sense framework in various ways . threads pop up on xda from time to time where people argue over whether sense is better than other launchers but it almost inevitably just amounts to each group saying " i think x better than y because i like the way it looks " .
while it amounts to recommending major surgery for a small problem , cyanogenmod has customizable lock-screen controls . ( my wife 's g1 is configured to unlock when she pushes the menu button . ) of course this requires rooting , modding , and hardware buttons . . . but it is a solution .
summing up all the comments : will google save the locations ? definitely . as soon as you want to use the more battery-friendly network based location you have to agree that google collects your location data to improve its services: click image for larger variant so location history and location report are meaningless in this context . as it was adressed : whilest theoretically you should be able to delete all collected data associated with your account , first google claims here it is anonymous ( so not connected to your account )  and second , noone except google can tell if deleting really means the data was destroyed . different reports rather suggest otherwise , as e.g. a german tech magazin found out : they decided to delete all backups from google servers . weeks later , they wanted to test a new device , and configured it with the very same account . miraculously , that device immediately connected to their wifi . how can that be , with the backups deleted ? ( find the full article here , in german ) . will you miss anything when switching to gps only ? depends on your usage profile . when no satellites are in sight , you would be unable to find your location . that could be e.g. with heavy clouds , or inside buildings  where otherwise a coarse location based on wifi aps and mobile cell ids would be possible . but there are ways to get that functionality back without google : the opencellid project is aimed to provide the data , and there are several connected apps  including alternative open source network location providers . but to use those , your device must be rooted , as these services must be installed as system apps . you can find out more in my android without google series . should you use alternative maps ? that is pretty much opinion-based . i do so , but not solely for the reasons you mentioned . there are alternatives ( part 2 of the just mentioned series names some ) . furthermore , let me quote dan here : the answer to " is x secure ? " is always " secure against what ? " what are you worried about ? it is secure in the sense that it will not let people run malware on your phone , but that is probably not what you are thinking of . imho you cannot avoid completely that some services collect data on you . you can minimize it , you can make it harder for them  and you definitely should not offer your data on a silver tablet . it is always balancing privacy and convenience . so how much privacy you can gain , depends on how much convenience you are willing to give up . more hints not only if you are absolutely paranoid ( correct : today that is called informed ) , a custom-rom can offer you advantages . as those usually ship without all the pre-installed bloat , your battery will last much longer ( on my android device without google , 3 times longer : 4,5 days , and still 20% left ) . in this context , i have to mention replicant  which is aimed at absolute open-source . unfortunately , only few devices are supported .
i have found the problem . i changed the density to a higher resolution . after resetting to system resolution , problem was solved . i would still be glad to know if there is a solution that will allow me using the calendar at a high res . as well .
chances are you are using a stock launcher ( maybe samsung 's touchwiz ) that leaves empty spaces when you uninstall an app . if you are using samsung galaxy s4 ( using stock launcher ) , you can go to the apps screen , and click on left menu key &gt; View type &gt; Alphabetical grid . if you are not on an s4 , see if you can find something similar to this . if you do not have the Alphabetical grid option , you can install a 3rd party launcher like nova . nova can sort your app drawer alphabetically .
i did not get any definitive answer what is wrong from the service centre . they tried flashing some special rom they had , but same result . they closed the issue with the conclusion it is a hw problem in the phone .
the changelog droid app will start building a history of app changes from the date it is installed .
on the electrify , the external sd card is mounted at /mnt/sdcard-ext/ while the internal is at /mnt/sdcard/ . the two are logically separate and cannot / should not be merged . on the mesmerize , the external sd card is mounted at /mnt/sdcard/external-sd/ as if it were a subfolder of the internal sd storage , which is also mounted at /mnt/sdcard/ like the electrify . the two are just as separate as on the electrify , however , and the subfolder is not " real " . if you connect your phone to your pc you will see two separate drives for them , and the " external-sd " folder on the internal storage will show up as empty &mdash ; since it is ! i think what is happening here is that you want your data &mdash ; downloads , possibly pictures and music , etc . &mdash ; from your mesmerize 's internal sd , and you thought it was all on the external sd . ( i do not blame you , this system of having two areas both called sd is confusing . ) what i would do is : power off both phones remove any external sd cards from both phones to avoid confusion power on both phones connect both phones to your pc and mount the internal storages on both to your pc copy the content of the mesmerise 's internal storage over to the electrify 's internal storage properly dismount both phones from the pc power off both phones re-insert your external sd card ( s ) power on the electrify and go happily on your way
i finally settled with unified remote . it does not provide a real service but can be run without displaying a window as a task bar program . it provides all special key combinations needed and also has a working automatic server detection . and i even have not tried all the supplied program remotes !
the dalvik cache is the set of saved . dex files . a . dex file is basically a compiled bytecode version of an app that has been built for the dalvik virtual machine on which android 's apps run . it is similar to the java virtual machine and having saved . class files .
unfortunately it is not , my galaxy s ii already has a lot of little scratches on the camera " glass " , and unlike in my old htc desire phone , gsii does not have extra " glass " in the back plate to protect the actual lens . so when it gets scratched i cannot just exchange the backplate : ( . i treat my phone very gently , so i am very surprised to see the lens having some many little scratches : ( . clearly in gsii the lens is way too unprotected and near the surface when you place it on flat surface . as a extra step , i bought case-mate " though " case to add a bit more space between the lens and flat surface . although the lens is scratched all the pictures seem to be just fine . phew . . .
try using an alternative to the stock sms app like handcent sms . a cautionary note - turn off the auto delete option ( the option to auto delete messages older than x days ) . an additional note - since your sms store seems quite precious to you , i would also recommend sms backup and restore . it can backup your sms at scheduled intervals and also email / upload them to dropbox if need be .
i have gear and note 2 . i rooted my phone and watch : everything went ok . finally got internet on the gear bluetooth tether to my phone . got new kitkat on the note 2 . i installed null rom onto the gear . the gear with it original stock os rom sucks , its pure garbage . but with custom rom its a lot better . beware : rooting the gear you can mess it up .
for the process to work , requirements are : titanium backup zip file , see below the license key file TitaniumBackup_license.txt . the idea being , is copy the license file and install the app onto the new device . caveat emptor this is only for legitimate licensed titanium backup owners . device is rooted usb cable plugged into device functioning copy of adb . step 1 . easiest way , is to generate the titanium backup zip file , tap menu scroll to the bottom , titled ' special features ' tap on " create ' update . zip ' " scripting type - edify default titanium backup will be installed as - user application default select the name of the output file - titaniumbackup-6.1.0 . zip tap that selection this will create the appropriate zip file on the /sdcard . pull that zip file across to your pc , as in adb pull /sdcard/TitaniumBackup-6.1.0.zip . unzip it , the file to look for is data/app/com.keramidas.TitaniumBackup.apk step 2 . pull the license file across to pc , as in adb pull /sdcard/TitaniumBackup_license.txt final step . now with both steps completed , it is a matter of : pushing the license file across to the new device as in adb push TitaniumBackup_license.txt /sdcard . it must be the root of the sdcard , anywhere else , it fails ! install the apk , as in adb install data/app/com.keramidas.TitaniumBackup.apk now launch the titanium backup , it should pick up the license file and treat it as pro version . in the event it does not , its likely a very weird glitch in the application , try reboot the device , to see if it works , if not , report it to the developers . ( i have this problem on my xperia mini , have a valid license , and it does not recognize it despite having the license in the root directory of the sdcard ! ) the hardcore way this will apply to any app . gist of these steps , is to move the application to /system/app . remount the system as re-writeable , adb remount shell in via adb and invoke su , adb shell followed by su . move the app from the /data/app to /system/app directory for example : an app called fooBarApp its underlying name is /data/app/fooBarApp-1.apk so without further ado : cp /data/app/fooBarApp-1.apk /system/app/fooBarApp.apk ( we need to drop the -1 part of the name as system apps do not have them ) rm /data/app/fooBarApp-1.apk ( to avoid duplication ! ) at this point , the ownership may get clobbered , or the permissions , for that matter , so make it chmod 644 /system/app/fooBarApp.apk reboot
i am in canada and recently made a road trip to the states . when i am planning a trip starting in canada , the whole trip is in km , even if it crosses into the us . if the trip starts in the us , however , it shows everything in miles , even if it crosses into canada . it appears that it is not the location set in your phone but rather the location of the phone itself ( if using " my location " as the departure point - otherwise it is just the departure point ) . you can try this out by plotting a trip from a " miles " country to a " km " country and then clicking the reverse trip . the units changed with me .
thanks for all answers , but my case was a very unusual case . i tried everything but it did not work . i reinstalled windows . it works now .
can you check with the gps turned off for a while ? i have heard reports of heating and restarts most of which refer to multiple things being active increasing current demands from the dock . here are a few references , n1 heat issue while charging + gps ? at the nexusoneforum nexus one is overheating in car dock , becoming unresponsive ( google android forum ) here is a quote from the second link , have use car dock overheat problem before , but i solved the problem now ! the car dock 12v to 5v adaptor it can provide max . 2a current maximum , the phone voltage is 3.7v , when you use this adaptor direct connect to the phone car dock , the phone begin charging , the charging current supplied by car adaptor , if you at same time your phone operating like navigation ( gps , data ) or video streaming and just not the screen off , this time the phone 's power provided by car adaptor through the phone itself , therefore the current = charging current + operatin current provided by car adaptor . this probelm very easy to solve , you just need to buy usb car adaptor from car accessories shop , the usb car adaptor maximum supply current not more than 1a or less , and then buy a micro usb cable connnect to the car dock body , the overheat problem have been solved .
are you sure you have the google-experience launcher ? the one that comeswith the nexus 5 and has integrated google now on the leftmost screen ? it does not come with the nexus 7 update , it is nexus 5 exclusive . you can sideload it , but since you mention " five homescreens " you do not have it . you have the stock launcher . if you are using the nexus 7 ' stock ' launcher you cannot remove or add homescreens . you could install nova launcher or another third party launcher . you can easily add and remove screens on these , through pinch out and drag screen to the ' trash can ' or ' x ' icon . specific to g.e. l : you simply remove all the shortcuts from the rightmost screen and it will automatically remove the screen itself . the reverse is true also , drag an icon out of the app drawer over the edge of the rightmost screen and a new one will be created . side loading gel : phandroid ' how to ' with links to the apk files you can easily sideload gel and you will only have one homescreen by default , and integrated google now . this should work on any android 4.0+ device . i have tested on 4.2.2 and 4.3 and 4.4 on galaxy s4 , nexus 4 and htc one .
resetting the phone to factory settings ( Menu -&gt; Settings -&gt; Privacy -&gt; Factory data reset ) and wiping the microsd card ( after backing up its contents ) should be all that is needed . factory reset dis-associates the phone from your google account , removes any custom apps ( installed on internal memory ) with their data , and clears all the caches . [ edit ] p.s. there is a good chance that the manufacturer ( samsung in your case ) or whoever you are sending your phone to for repairs might send you a different handset . depending on their service terms , they may simply ship you a brand new nexus s , or even a refurb . so jumping through hoops to leave your installed apps intact might be a waste of time .
the htc one x version will not work on the htc one x+ , so if you want to install cyanogenmod , it'll have to be the unofficial build you link to .
you can customise the toggles by clicking the pencil icon in the top right . you should then be able to add a wifi toggle icon . edit : ok . it seems like verizon have removed that toggle . if you are rooted you can add it back though . see link here ( contains screenshots ) . you need to download and install sqlite editor - you need to download and install sqlite editor open up sqlite editor - select the apps tab on top and scroll down until you see settings storage and click it . click on settings . db click on system click on the search icon on top right type in the word notification in the filter value field and click ok once the results load up , tap on notification_panel_active_app_list ( should be the bottom result ) and click on the pencil icon on top to edit in the value field , you will see all your toggles listed . all you have to do is add the word wifi &lt ; -- just like that with a semi colon right after . make sure there is no space after the semi colon like in the screenshot below . once you add wifi , click the save button . close sqlite editor and reboot your phone . once your phone boots back up , you should now have the wifi toggle in quick settings !
adb commands work without root . however the /data partition is only accessible by rooted users* and while /system can be read by anyone , it is a read-only partition and root is needed to remount it as writable . *there is one exception . the/data/local folder is accessible by non-root users too . this folder is primarily used for temporary like when you install an app via adb . the only practical use for this folder is that you can use a custom bootanimation by pushing a bootanimation zip file here .
one way to do this would be to use an app like apkbackup to get the apks of your installed apps than install them on your new device . note that the data will be lost and depending on the market version it may not notify you about updates .
this is an official representative of viber media . the source of this issue could greatly vary . please read this short page in our helpdesk , quoted below outlining some possible workarounds that will help reboot synchronization of the contact list : android : contact list is not showing your friends as viber users ? make sure you are using the latest version of viber . you can download the latest version from http://www.viber.com/ make sure that you are looking at the viber contact list , not your device 's contact list . in order for your contacts to see you as a viber user and be able to call you through viber , your phone number , which is saved on their address book , must be the exact same number that you used to register to viber and vice- versa . try tapping on the ' more ' tab at the bottom of the viber app , then select " settings " and the add a check mark [  ] to " show all contacts " once you installed viber , if you do not see someone in your contact list whom you know to have viber , it might be that the list is not updated ( this may be due to an unstable connection during setup , or just a slight delay ) . to update your contact list , re-sync it by re-initiating viber or by manually updating your contacts list . you do not need to uninstall and reinstall viber . shut viber down ( so that it no longer runs in the background ) or turn the phone off , and then re-open it . if this does not work , try the following steps : send the user an invite and if the number is a registered viber user , it will automatically update the viber contact list . enter into your viber contact list , then select the device 's menu button , and tap on " update contacts " . then just click your device ' home ' button . viber will run in the background . in about 30 min . to an hour , check again by clicking on the viber icon . confirm that you have an active internet connection . dial a number manually , using the viber keypad delete the contact with the missing viber badge from your contact list . add it again and make sure to include the country code . the phone number format should include the plus sign , country code , cell code and phone number . the standard format is : + ( country code ) - ( cell code ) - ( phone number ) for example : +1-555-555-5555 for more questions or technical support , please visit our official helpdesk . from the faq : try tapping on the " more " tab at the bottom of the viber app , then select " settings " and the add a check mark [  ] to " show all contacts " .
go to rom manager and flash an older version of clockwork recovery . then flash the latest version of it . does that help ? otherwise : do you get any sort of error messages ?
i doubt that there is a direct correlation between battery consumption and ram usage . the hardware does not know which ram cells contain ' used ' data and which not . so there can be no difference in battery consumption on that level . but i think that one could say that unnecessarily killing apps causes a few extra cpu cycles when those apps have to be re-started and therefore " uses more battery " . and yes , you definitely should let go of your app-killing habit . in most cases , android is capable of managing the system 's resources quite well and you should not bother with manually killing apps . they definitely will not drain more battery if they just idle around and consume some ram . of course , if those apps are constantly using the cpu , they will drain battery ( but this is usually a sign of a bug within the app or a badly implemented app ) .
according to the official twitter feed , their website is having problems right now . try it again later . mightytext is a reputable piece of software , so while we can not say for sure what they are doing with your information ( like any other closed-source software ) , you should not assume it is malware just because it is not working as it should . see also this venn diagram illustrating the situation :
to answer your questions : am not aware of any android version where the dalvik was not invalidated on boot . maybe the initial version 1.0 had that , i really do not know , have gone through eclair , froyo , gingerbread , ice cream sandwich . you need to look into the source tree and rebase it back to cupcake or donut ( 1.5 and 1.6 respectively ) the detailed reason : ) the reason the wipe cache must be used is because all apks , including system apks , have a dex file attached to it , when the rom is booted up for the first time , android 's dalvik goes through each and every one of those apks , and extract the dex file from it and place it in the cache /data/dalvik-cache thereby speeding up the execution of the app itself . most roms have apks that are odex ' ed , the cache is bundled into the apk itself as an external file . a lot of custom rom modders would have those apks deodex ' d , meaning the dex file is replaced and repackaged to make it easier to theme/modify an apk . when you flash a custom rom , and did not wipe the cache , the newer custom rom 's apk 's will have a different dex file attached to it , and when the dalvik goes through them , it sees the existing cached dex file found in the directory , and skips it , then when you run the app , you are guaranteed a force close or anr ( application not responding ) . you are not losing data per se , if using clockworkmod recovery , and wipe data is selected , then yes , all the settings relating to the apps are wiped cleanly - look in /data/app . so you can wipe cache but not wipe data , what is done effectively , is slotted in the newer apks in place , in which it has the settings retained . this was quite a common scenario with cyanogenmod nightlies where a unstable/testing rom build is flashed , and the settings retained with cache wipe . the mileage will vary depending on what apps downloaded from the market ( settings would have changed by version bump quite likely ) . for best results it would be wise to perform both wipe data and wipe cache to ensure integrity and no program errors within the app itself . yes that would mean the boot time would be slower but its initial once off moment . after that it would be booting quicker . really in a nutshell , explicitly wiping the cache itself via cwm actually helps speed it up and ensure no residue from the previous version in place which could get munged in ( now at this stage , am realizing your question so in all fairness , have not actually seen android not performing the invalidating of the cache itself upon boot when flashing a new rom . . ) use the source luke seriously ! :d frameworks/base/core/java/com/android/internal/os/ZygoteInit.java is the bootup code for each apk runtime . it interacts with the native c code found in the dalvik directory tree which contains specific chipset instructions to interpret the bytecode within the apk to native cpu instruction set . armv6 is pretty much a hacked version of armv5 ( which was the original chipset in the older android versions prior to eclair ) , so you will not see armv6 in the aosp source from google . cyanogenmod will have that armv6 in their source .
as said in the comments the device is partitioned and you can not see all parts of the device on a non root ed device . as an example a galaxy s4 is advertised as a 16gb device , and out of the box shows 9.1 gb available . this is a common practice in android oems it would seem . ( desire x from htc 4gb , shows 1gb ) just to give you a scale of what you are dealing with from addictive tips : lets start with a list of standard internal memory partitions on android phones and tablets . these are : note : it says " standard " partitions . different companies come out with their own partitions . a good example is the galaxy s4 , and the galaxy s4 google edition . they are absolutely identical hardware in every way . until recently ( with so called ' merged roms' ) no rom from one could be installed on the other due , mostly , to the partitioning of the two devices being totally different . /boot /system /recovery /data /cache /misc in addition , there are the sd card partitions . /sdcard /sd-ext note that only /sdcard is found in all android devices and the rest are present only in select devices . lets now take a look at the purpose and contents of each of these partitions . /boot this is the partition that enables the phone to boot , as the name suggests . it includes the kernel and the ramdisk . without this partition , the device will simply not be able to boot . wiping this partition from recovery should only be done if absolutely required and once done , the device must not be rebooted before installing a new one , which can be done by installing a rom that includes a /boot partition . /system this partition basically contains the entire operating system , other than the kernel and the ramdisk . this includes the android user interface as well as all the system applications that come pre-installed on the device . wiping this partition will remove android from the device without rendering it unbootable , and you will still be able to put the phone into recovery or bootloader mode to install a new rom . /recovery the recovery partition can be considered as an alternative boot partition that lets you boot the device into a recovery console for performing advanced recovery and maintenance operations on it . to learn more about this partition and its contents , see the about android recovery section of our guide to clockworkmod recovery . /data also called userdata , the data partition contains the users data  this is where your contacts , messages , settings and apps that you have installed go . wiping this partition essentially performs a factory reset on your device , restoring it to the way it was when you first booted it , or the way it was after the last official or custom rom installation . when you perform a wipe data/factory reset from recovery , it is this partition that you are wiping . /cache this is the partition where android stores frequently accessed data and app components . wiping the cache doesnt effect your personal data but simply gets rid of the existing data there , which gets automatically rebuilt as you continue using the device . /misc this partition contains miscellaneous system settings in form of on/off switches . these settings may include cid ( carrier or region id ) , usb configuration and certain hardware settings etc . this is an important partition and if it is corrupt or missing , several of the devices features will will not function normally . /sdcard this is not a partition on the internal memory of the device but rather the sd card . in terms of usage , this is your storage space to use as you see fit , to store your media , documents , roms etc . on it . wiping it is perfectly safe as long as you backup all the data you require from it , to your computer first . though several user-installed apps save their data and settings on the sd card and wiping this partition will make you lose all that data . on devices with both an internal and an external sd card  devices like the samsung galaxy s and several tablets  the /sdcard partition is always used to refer to the internal sd card . for the external sd card  if present  an alternative partition is used , which differs from device to device . in case of samsung galaxy s series devices , it is /sdcard/sd while in many other devices , it is /sdcard2 . unlike /sdcard , no system or app data whatsoever is stored automatically on this external sd card and everything present on it has been added there by the user . you can safely wipe it after backing up any data from it that you need to save . /sd-ext this is not a standard android partition , but has become popular in the custom rom scene . it is basically an additional partition on your sd card that acts as the /data partition when used with certain roms that have special features called app2sd+ or data2ext enabled . it is especially useful on devices with little internal memory allotted to the /data partition . thus , users who want to install more programs than the internal memory allows can make this partition and use it with a custom rom that supports this feature , to get additional storage for installing their apps . wiping this partition is essentially the same as wiping the /data partition  you lose your contacts , sms , market apps and settings .
you can , but a kernel mod may be required to also keep the host device charging . however , many devices are already prepared for this , and cables are being manufactured and sold to this specific end , as one can see from this ebay search , there is already several cables in the market . to your particular device , the sonic_boom user at this xda developers forum thread made a dock station to use otg cable and charging at the same time : my docking station will work with any 2012 maybe 2011 sony xperia devices with otg support . i have tested this so far on my xperia s and working perfect . dock station schematics
nexus 4 does not officially support usb otg . but rooting and modding the software can do the trick . here 's a handy guide i found !
power saving mode will disable the gps when the screen is locked . disable power saving mode in settings .
most phones use data downloaded from the cell network to speed up the initial position fix when you turn on gps : without these data , it can take several minutes to first get the position , as the gps receiver has to download all the ephemeris data ( i.e. . the latest updates/corrections about the satellites ' orbits ) via the low-bandwidth gps connection . using the cell network to download these data only takes a few seconds , and then you can get a gps fix right away if you have good visibility . it does not actually use the internet at all , which is why it is not affected by the mobile data setting , but since it does download data over your cellular connection , some carriers choose to bill for this as mobile data . see also what is assisted gps ? on this site .
your assumption that contacts , sms and call logs are automatically saved to the sd card was incorrect . they are indeed stored on the internal memory of the device . /data/data/com.android.providers.contacts/ is the most likely storage location . that can change though , depending on android os version , manufacturer/carrier modifications , or even 3rd-party apps that you use in place of built-in contacts/phone/messaging apps . unless you synced your contacts to your google account , backed up sms and call logs , they are now lost after a factory reset .
you can always try flashing the 4.3 factory image if data preservation is not a problem . grab the image from google , then follow these instructions
ability to restore deleted entries really varies from each calendar . assuming you made your entries to google calendar and did not sync it to the cloud , then no it is not possible to restore it .
check out a piece of software such as mobile defense which gives you remote tracking and wiping of your phone .
sorry , but this simply is not possible . you have to have administrator access to your phone to control the processor 's speed .
if you can connect using adb ( usb debugging ) , you can simply use the command " reboot " . if you are rooted and have a terminal emulator installed , " su reboot " will do the same thing . the reboot command will also accept arguments of " recovery " or " bootloader " , which will reboot you into the recovery or bootloader respectively .
well that is strange timing ! just received an update notification on the tablet , installed the update and suddenly i can copy files to the sd card , delete files from the sd card and create folders on the sd card with no problem ! this was using the built-in files app . it is still saying my android version is 3.2 , but the build number has updated to h . 6.6-23 , so can only assume this is an update to the drivers or motorola 's software rather than the os itself . found a thread on the xoom owner 's forum mentioning it another uk update ? i just received another update to my uk wi-fi xoom . i already had the original 3.2 update . i did not really catch the update number , but the release notes appeared looked to be the same as the previous big update . it was very small ( only 1 or 2 k ! ) . i could only really think of one reason this might have been sent out , so tried copying from the internal memory to /mnt/external1 ( a 32 gb sd card ) and it worked ! so it looks like this was probably a fault that they have pushed out a fix for , rather than any design problem .
it was indeed wifi channels ( as per phunehehe is comment ) - setting the router to use band 11 suddenly brought the access point back into being detectable . excellent .
there is currently no way to apply a user stylesheet with the default android browser . if you firefox is not available on your phone , you could install the apk manually , but it may not work since it is not supported . you could download the opera browser , connect it to remote debugging using the dragonfly debugger , and then manually apply the stylesheet via debugging--but there are a lot of steps to that and you would have to add the stylesheet on every page load . this may not be a solution depending on what your needs are for the user stylesheet .
use market applications like permission watchdog or permissions . also , there are several others .
there are apps that disables the lock scren when you are connected to certain wifi or when your phone cell is connected to certain tower or as per your requirement , on gps . i believe , but not sure , tasker can do it with gps . but why not use the wifi address to disable unlock . i reckon it will be more useful than gps . look at http://www.addictivetips.com/mobile/automatically-disable-android-lockscreen-when-connected-to-home-wifi/ for automatically disabling locks creen on wifi . also do not forget to check llama , awesome and free location based profile management . you can do tons of stuff based on what cell tower you are connected to .
it downloads them to your sd card . i do not use google listen but i installed it and downloaded a podcast . it put it in : /sdcard/com.google.android.apps.listen/downloads  the name of the file might be something odd so you might need to rename them but that is where they are all located .
i found an app : business calendar beta ( free ) that support default reminder .
as i said in several comments , the calendar app is the way to interact with your calendar offline . if you are interacting with the calendar via the browser , you need to be connected . the android browser does not support any sort of " plug-in " .
